3_star Came here on a recent Saturday night with friends. Hubby and I have been before and loved it! Service was good but the food was sub par this time. For some reason 2 of the 4 meals could not arrive hot. We sent the 2 cold meals back and received cold meals again! The manager was quick to adjust our meals but it didn't fix our experience.
5_star Incredible food & atmosphere! I've lived near here for years & have driven & walked past this restaurant thousands of times & snubbed it based on a previous experience by a colleague. I had very grateful & appreciative clients of mine recently take me here and I was most pleasantly surprised! Extremely well prepared and presented. Excellent food, selection, prices and service. Returned recently with family to explore the menu more. Best dim-sum in town!!!
2_star Total disappointment. The menu looked so promising, brasserie classics, and unique starters. It was so loud that a conversation could not be held across the table, and on top of the echoing voices there was out of place club type music. We started with the charcuterie board. Overall very nice, but we did not get to finish it because our food came out. There was not place on the table for the entrée plates so I had to hold my hot plate while the food runner piled everything on the table on our half finished food. The waiter made us so uncomfortable about wanting to finish the starter that we just let him clear it. My husband had a steak and fries, he enjoyed the steak, but the fries were not edible. We were able to squeeze grease out of them, and not just a drop. I had the pork, it came highly recommend from our server. It was overcooked, poorly butchered, and lacked flavor. The sauce was disappointing. The horseradish mashed potatoes tasted like raw garlic...which is strange. We only took one bite each, and decided they too would go uneaten. The biggest problem came a few hours later, when we had to take turns in the restroom. A horrid end to our otherwise fantastic trip to Vegas.
3_star 3.5. we had a group of 5 and all ordered Garlic Spicy Ramen! wait time was 30 min on Saturday afternoon. this place is really popular. the noodle was decent and soup was very flavourable, it does get very spicy after a while. very oily though. a big disappointment for one of our party was that they don't do refill on noodles, you need to order the extra when you order the ramen. it doesn't even make sense to us, both from customer and the store's perspective...
5_star I decided to take my brother here for his birthday dinner since I couldn't make it to our scheduled family dinner. Even though it was only the two of us, we had to wait half an hour to get seated - but they did text you 10mins before a table cleared for you so you don't have to wait outside the establishment in the cold. It was worth the wait! I had the blackfish cod (best fish I've ever eaten) and the tofu which was nice. My brother had the bbq pork and bibbimap (I spelt this wrong, didn't I?) Both of which tasted great! For dessert I had the lovely green tea creme brulee and to drink the bamboo cocktail (I loved how they garnished it).
4_star I've always have a good meal here. The pricing is reasonable and a wide variety. Wait staff is hit or miss, sometimes on it.
4_star I ordered one of the lunch specials at $8, which included an entree, your choice of ramen or udon soup, miso soup w/ a small salad. Not bad at all, especially since I ordered a salmon dish. I also ordered a crunchy roll for $5, for the price I definitely cannot complain. This place is very close to my work and the delivery was very prompt. They did have a $5 delivery fee which I thought was a bit pricey not including tip. But you can't beat the convenience. Will def be coming back for sure! Great for a light healthy lunch!
1_star Quite possibly the worst food I've ever eaten in my entire life. Literally. We ordered the chili beef, garlic chicken, and masala noodles. The chili beef was just spicy. It had absolutely no flavour. The garlic chicken was too sweet. And the masala noodles were the most horrific food I have probably ever eaten. They were extremely dry and there was so much "masala" powder on them that brining the fork two inches from my lips caused me to gag. If you're near Markham and Steeles and are craving Hakka food, make the drive up to 14th and eat at Fredericks!.
5_star Such a cool environment, people working here are super rock stars really really nice !!! The food is amazing make sure to start with Pig Candy one of my favorite on the menu, then go for the Ribs those are pretty damn hot as well , amazing to see the chef coming to the table asking how was the food "food is amazing" Over all this place is amazing is a must go when you in Vegas !!
2_star There were 3 of us on a beautiful Sunday afternoon. Surprisingly Roland's was 3/4 full. With 3 waitresses. They were RUNNING to fill orders. The fish was hot and crispy. It was fried but it was good. The French fries with it tasted as if they were fried in the same grease or an oil that should've been changed several days ago. The Mussels were OK. But the Clams Casino were inedible. The clams were served raw with a burnt bread crumb topping. The crab cakes were also bad. Both went back. The waitress never asked if we wanted something else or if the rest of the meals were fine. The New England Clam Chowder was good but overpowered by the smoky bacon that was added to the soup. No, we won't go back..the food was lackluster(better fix at Wholleys) and the service was terrible. It took 20 minutes to get someone to take the bill.
5_star We went to the pizza making class. It was amazing! There was so much food that we could hardly even eat our pizzas, which was not a problem because they had boxes to take yours home. Wonderful history lesson, delicious food, a very intimate setting, and some fun characters. All in all well worth it!
1_star The service here is absolutely terrible. The waiters were really rude to us and were really unwilling to listen to any of our requests and were talking behind our backs for something so minute. Not to mention the mediocre quality dishes too. Will definitely never come back!
5_star Great location and prices! As previously stated, everything on the menu is 5$ and the burger i ordered was surprisingly very flavourful. We went around 6 on a Friday evening and there was no line to get in with the service being quite quick, however I have heard from a few friends that it can get very busy. I would recommend this restaurant and will definitely be coming back next time I'm in Montreal.
1_star We had ordered dumplings & my daughter screamed that something hit her teeth. She showed me & I saw a plastic piece came out of dumpling that we had ordered. When I complained the reaction from the staff was "Oh these things happen. Why you are making such a fuss if she is not hurt. Accidents do happen. A lot of people get hit by cars while crossing the street." I wish there were "Zero" stars so I could select that. I would request people be careful while you are eating at this place.
4_star Me and my wife were in Phoenix for a couple of days, and wanted to have steak. Having heard about outback and their consistent steaks, we decided to give it a try. We started with their specials - crab stuffed mushrooms which were dripping with butter but were delicious. They came out within a few mins of ordering. For main course my wife had the fillet steak and I ordered the ribeye classic style. Our salads came out pretty fast and even before we had finished the steaks were on our table. A bit too hurried for my liking. The steaks were cooked pretty well, especially the fillet. The ribeye was medium rare instead of the medium well, and you could see that it wasn't a very high quality cut. Overall it was a decent steak dinner for the price.
1_star The reason why I'm giving it one star is because I had food poisoning and the manager didn't careS The food and service had been great, we had liked everything: the creative menu, the taste, the presentation, the sake, all of it. But later that night I had really bad food poisoning from the fish (it was he only thing I had that my girlfriend hadn't). I was really sick for days. I went the next day to inform the manager since I was close by and he just didnt care. He didn't care what dish it was or when it happened, didn't even apologize. He just said we could fill out a complaint form in the lobby if we wanted. I'm disappointed a 40 dollar fish got me that sick and the manager didn't care, as if it's something that happened there often. Needless to say that meal ruined my whole trip. This happened mid-April.
1_star Tried to eat at the Macaroni Grill on N Stephanie and found a live roach in my salad. I recommend not to eat there. I had the bread and threw that up.
2_star Seen this place many times decided to give it a try. Cons: all I ordered was a burger with bacon and cheese on it with a bottle of water and they charged me 17.37 for it?? I was in a hurry so didn't check my bag which I usually do but didn't this one time. I know I asked for fries but didn't get them. The burger wasn't anything special, I could have made it at home. For $17 I was thinking wow I must be getting a big ass burger. Lol it was big but kind of flat and very greasy. There is parking off the street or you can park in the lot next to them next to a water station. Pros: I learned my lesson about looking at what I'm paying for! And the art on the fence was nice. That's about it.
2_star What a disappointment! I hadn't been able to come for a while and they no longer have the cute decor on the walls and they took the baked potatos off the menu! And it wasn't clean and the booths had rips and it is extremely expensive for what you get
1_star Horrible customer service If you are not Korean good luck communicating with them The all you can eat menu is a LIE. The waiter told me the bean soup and steam egg is ONE per table only EVEN THOUGH it says in the menu unlimited means unlimited. They lie! Nobody speaks English. They cater to Korean only speaking customers. Never again Unless you speak Korean, you will have a hard time twisting your tongue to primitive English in the hopes they can understand it.
4_star I like the : gorgeous decor. Friendly staff. Ginger Mint Duck Salad. Soup Gyoza ( which is not in a soup bowl but each dumpling carries the soup in it! So different and tasty.) I am scared of: the intense red light in the bathroom. It's a personal piccadillo. Makes me feel like its a bad trip or something. And I can't figure out it my makeup is lookin right or lookin like the tasty food spit up on me.
5_star As a pizza lover, Salvatore's Tomato Pies are unique and flavorful. We ordered the bacon and fig pizza which was the perfect melding of savory and sweet. The menu offered a variety of choices, making it hard to decide what type of pie we wanted to order. The venue is pretty small, so it would be smart to order takeout on the busier nights or try and beat the dinner rush. Due to the small size of then venue it is a little loud when crowded. We are definitely planning to go back to try some of the other menu options!
5_star I had to give this place five stars because there are no minuses. Had French toast and breakfast burrito. Everything is made from scratch. Awesome jam. Coffee is great too. Service is great and people very pleasant.
5_star Hidden gem. We ordered the eggplant dinner and the chicken breast dinner. They came with rice, bread and a fresh salad as sides. Everything was super flavourful and great.
2_star I would give this place one star, but I know the workers there are simply doing there job.. So two stars... I'm giving one star back since I did read the menu, and was cognizant of how overpriced this place is.. It is really pricey, for pedestrian food.. My girlfriend and I went on Superbowl Sunday just after the game, I asked that we be seated at the Sushi bar. The place was not busy, and only a few tables came in after we were seated (around 7:15) After awhile I told my girlfriend we are leaving if someone doesn't take our order.... Since the Sushi chef couldn't be bothered to see we were sitting in front of him... And then someone shows up to take my order.... Service is lacking... this was the first time I have ever sat at a sushi bar, where the Sushi chef didn't even acknowledge that someone was there..... not a hello, not a teeny amuse bouche, and then there was the "wasabi" bait and switch... I noticed one of the helpers grinding fresh wasabi root, That gave me pause and optimism that I would have a great memorable sushi dinner.. However, when my sushi was presented to me..it had that rehydrated green powder as an accompaniment In all I got 8 pieces of sushi and one cocktail... cost $85... and I tip....the waitress and server just work there, they are not responsible for fustercluck that are celeb restaurants.. So $100 8 pieces of fish, one drink.... I left unsatisfied, Ill never ever go to one the this Katsuya branded restaurants ever again .. Given the hype.. restaurants that allege to operate at this level need to get everything right every time... Katsuya Las Vegas fails... So if you are OK with paying stupid prices for food you can get elsewhere for a lot less go for it,,,
5_star i just want to say that since i moved away from scottsdale I literally daydream about the food at this place. i am OBCESSED with their housemade veggie burger and pretzel bun and my better half loves a lot of their meatier dishes~ We do miss the RIBS you guys used to have when we are in town. We love that they have one of the best local beers, Orange Blossom from Papago Brewing. You literally can not go wrong at this place...they will have whatever you want and it will be delicious!
1_star The worst meal I have ever had....suffered with food poisoning for two days. Suggest a new Chef! No rating deserved!
2_star am a retired chef the stuff i used to trim or throw away is what they served! we are a group of men on way to airport i think maybe they served us crappy food because we looked like tourists
5_star Great sushi place. Great prices. Superbe location. Friendly staff. We can order too Be careful as this place doesn't serve alcohol. But to be honest I like it that way. It keeps the price down. The decor is very unusual for a sushi place but that is why I like about it. I just love the place as going there or takeout for eating in the nearby park.
5_star There was a long line to put in our name on the waiting list. Normally I would of moved onto the next location, but we waiting it out. Soon enough we were at the bar enjoying a Thai beer and seated shortly after. I ended up ordering beef soup. It was legit. There were 2 tables where you could sit on the ground and eat at a low table. I would suggest calling ahead to reserve it if you can remember! Atmosphere was solid. It would be a perfect place for a first date, party, or just a regular night out with friends to enjoy Thai food.
2_star I couldn't decide to do 3 or 4 stars only because of the wait for the entrees. I would have overlooked it but many of the reviews also say they waited (and waited and waited) for service, apps or entrees. No one likes to wait more than 20 mins btwn courses. But the food IS really good. And I love the atmosphere. I will definitely go back. UPDATE: I went back with a group of 20 people for a birthday and it was during the hockey playoffs. There was a TV in the dining room but THEY WOULD NOT TURN IT ON. Even with the sound OFF!!!! There were 20 of us! I saw they are advertising themselves as a place to watch World Cup but I would NEVER go to this place during a sporting event. Also, it irks me when places don't try and please a customer and help facilitate their pleasurable experience. It doesn't make sense from a customer service perspective. Also, the service was STILL very slow. And the food was not as good as the first time. A little bland. So I am dropping my stars from 4 to 2.
3_star Walking distance from my house so we will come here as a convenience to watch the game outside on the patio with a couple of cocktails. It gets pretty busy at night and swap sweat walking through the crowds...ew.
3_star Went for dinner on Friday night, during happy hour. Was seated immediately as it wasn't all that busy. Service was a bit slow; not very attentive. However, the waitress was quite pleasant. We shared two appetizers and one of the specialty burgers. Food, in general, was very average. Would recommend for a quick happy hour beer, but that's about it.
3_star Catching up on some old reviews. I visited the Mesa Grill with the S.O. on May 2nd. I love chile rellanos when they're done right, and I thought to myself, "who better to make a kickin' chile rellano than Bobby Flay?" So imagine my disappointment when my cornmeal crusted chile rellano had a dense, flabby crust that teetered on the edge of gross. I'm not usually a sender-backer, but I made an exception here. The S.O. had the coffee rubbed filet mignon, which I will say was cooked perfectly. But if you're a person who likes subtle flavorings that allow the natural deliciousness of the protein to shine through, this is not the place for you. The coffee rub was about as subtle as a smack with a two-by-four. For the hefty price, meh.
3_star If you're looking for a good brick oven pizza, it's pretty good. The toppings were basically all tossed in the center of the pizza but overall it was really good. Our appetizer came out after our main meal but the waitress was kind enough to offer to take it off our bill. I do feel like the restaurant tries a little too hard to be extra and anti-mainstream. I gave it three stars because the experience over all was just pretty okay.
2_star Food can be better, we ordered a breakfast burrito and huevos rancheros; they were fair. The burrito had white rice, not Spanish rice and claimed to have bacon, but I doubt it. Only had 1 huevos instead of the typical 2 like every other place, and paid 9 dollars for a mimosa the size of a 5 oz glass! Overall I would go somewhere else, don't bother going here.
2_star The place was a little dingy and cramped and the only reason for my 2 stars instead of 1 star is the workers there were very nice. My co-worker and I went here for lunch. It took 30 minutes to get 2 burgers, that's it, just 2 burgers, 30 minutes!! I ordered mine medium-well and she ordered hers medium. They were both well done. They were very small for the price and came with nothing as a side, no fries, no potato chips, no pickle, no coleslaw. If you are charging $13.38 (after tax) for a burger and no side with it, A. it better be big, B. it should come with something as a side, C. It should never take 30 minutes - they were not overly busy either. D. it should be good, this was just ok, nothing special!! I would never waste my time or my money there again and I can bet neither will any of my co-workers!
2_star Went last week, was not impressed. Phil's was better food at a better price. The price would be good if the portion was a little bit larger. The corn bread was good but we had a laugh at the cue stick chalk size. Pulled pork was good but the ribs was not. The problem is that there is a lot of BBQ places that we would be better served at. No good reason to go back, however we do like to support local as much as possible, so maybe one more time.
4_star First of all - such a SMALL PLACE!! I imagine it can fit like 20 ppl max.. wonder how they make enough money. We ordered a yellow fin roll (?) - I can't quite remember as it was very mediocre, portion was very small too. Good part of the meal was the Deluxe Sashimi platter - very impressed! They had good selection of fresh fishes. The pieces were medium sized too, so you don't pay almost $40 for a few thin slices. Wait staffs were friendly too.
2_star It took a lot of courage to eat here after seeing that they were recently shut down due to a cockroach infestation. Apparently they were featured on a show called "dirty dining" as well. Well, their proximity to my hotel and the lack of good Indian food where I live allowed me to make a very trepidatious visit. Sadly, not worth it. The food was very much on the bland side, service was amateur, and when I presented them the Yelp 10% discount, they requested that I give them a positive review. Well, here's your review guys. Other things of note, the restaurant was nearly empty on a Saturday night at 7pm, and the restrooms could have been cleaner. Fortunately, I saw no evidence of roaches in my palak paneer, but I certainly paused to wonder if they might have inadvertently been serving a few cockroach curries that evening. The food did not sit well in my stomach.
2_star Interesting atmosphere. OK food except the prime rib which was horrible. Will not be eating there again
5_star Their porkchop and brussel sprouts are to die for! I've only been here once, but, the selection seemed vast, the prices seemed fair and the entrees were delectable. I would recommend this to those who enjoy good food and an awesome atmosphere.
1_star Like some of the reviewers have mentioned, the food at Krazy Buffet are not only tasteless but gross. I was there at their grand opening with my family and I just wanted to leave after I sampled some of the food they have. This Chinese restaurant represents one of the worst on my list. I'm Chinese and I cook myself, so I know more than a thing or two about what has passed through my taste buds. Krazy buffett is a disgrace to the Chinese food, it's anything but Chinese. Why the one star? Well, my 13 year old daughter threw up soon after we went home and I was quite sure it's because of the food poisoning! I won't eat there even if they pay me.
2_star Mixed experience with this one - probably won't be returning. Perhaps we arrived at a busy time but wednesday night - one would expect to meet your server and get a glass of water in the first 15min once seated. Anyway, at least we had menus and made use of the wait to decide what we wanted to order. We then waited another 15min for the drinks to arrive - though we could see them on the bar waiting to be delivered for at least 5 min. The watermelon sake sangria was fresh and refreshing. However, they probably ran out of watermelon juice for the mint melon thyme - could taste non of the above mentioned ingredients because my mouth was overwhelmed by almost pure lime juice. The tartest, sourest drink I've ever had. So how about the food? Generally disappointing. The cerviche, instead of being light and refreshing, was soaked (marinated) in soy sauce and overpoweringly salty. We had two rolls - truffle albacore and an unagi banana tempura. They sounded a lot better than they tasted. Firstly the rice was overcooked and gluggy. The unagi roll was also soaked in an unagi (salty) sauce which overwhelmed it. The truffle oil was a nice touch but the prawn inside the roll had little taste - probably because it wasn't fresh. The miso black cod, though also very salty, was cooked to perfection with slightly crispy skin and melt in your mouth buttery meat. At this point, halfway into our 4th dish - we were informed that our 5th dish was unavailable. The saving grace for the meal was the miso caramel cheesecake. This is only thing I ate here that I would consider ordering again ... if I ever return ... which is unlikely. The service picked up later in the evening and I think they were genuinely apologetic about the delay in drinks and food. Yes this place is hip and cool, but the food needs to be same and unfortunately, in our experience, was sadly lacking.
4_star Came here based on the yelp reviews and I have to agree. The service was great...I had the classic french toast and they were delicious.
4_star Love Yard House for happy hour! Great deals on appetizers and drinks.It can get realky crowded and sometimes have long waits.
3_star I've always had pretty good service at both Terroni locations. In fact, my favorite server from Sweet Lulu on Queen West turned up at the Adelaide Street location. He is wonderful. And the servers really know the menu, including the wine list. I've always been impressed. I live just around the corner from Terroni on Queen and I always marvel at the line-ups when there are so many other good choices within a few blocks. I end up there every once in a while because friends want to go, or because we want to go somewhere kid friendly with our two year old. I have to hand it to them--they are really accommodating of kids. They don't bat an eyelash when you come in with a stroller and ask for a high chair. The only rudeness I've experienced is from the patrons waiting in line, who seem really put out when they need to move six inches so I can get out the door. The food has always been good, sometimes fantastic. I've never had anything terrible, but last night I had a just ok dish for the first time: the spaghetti alla norma. The pasta was perfectly al dente as always, but the tomato sauce lacked flavor and the chunks of deep fried eggplant were soggy and bland. I started with the giuggiolosa salad, which was wonderful and kept the meal from being a loss. The pizzas are really tasty, and the spaghetti with lemon and capers is one of my favorites. The pasta portions are pretty small for the money, I find. They are just the right size, if you ask me, compared to the monstrous portions at other places, but $16 or so for a small portion of vegetarian pasta seems excessive to me. My biggest peeve is that the salads are all just shy of entree size, which means too large to be starters, but at entree salad prices. It feels indulgent (and it is expensive) to get a salad and a pasta, but pasta alone isn't enough veg for me, and a salad alone isn't filling enough. Actually, that's my second biggest pet peeve. My biggest is the little note on the menu that says, "While alterations may seem easily accommodated they compromise the unique characteristics of our food. Please respect our menu." I find that really obnoxious. I'm sure I'll be back, not even kicking and screaming, but it just doesn't live up to the hype for me.
1_star It's a rainy night and don't want to drive east for a decent meal so we decided to try out Desert Rose. It started out OK but as the evening progressed service became next to none. We got more attention from Sophia the bus person! Really disappointing as there aren't too many places to eat downtown. The food was OK for the price but management has a long way to go...maybe hospitality classes would help...and the servers need training. What really did it for me was how a very large group, that was going to be spending hundreds of dollars on food,apps & drinks,was crammed into a few tables . When I mentioned to the hostess that it looked like they needed another table added on she replied with 'they're just gonna be squished'...and they were! Won't be buying dinner there again!
1_star Confirm the other posts. Don't waste your time at this rude place. Show up at their ppen time and doors wide open but tell you they are closed and not even an invite to come back. Good to not need the business I guess.
3_star I have ordered delivery here a couple time and the food is pretty good, especially for the prices. I love their sweet and sour chicken. Last time I ordered delivery, there was barely any sauce in my container and I had to wait for the delivery guy to come back which took a looong time. Hopefully that doesn't happen again.
5_star I've always been a fan of BWW's. I love traditional wings and I always like to switch it up with different sauces. Most of them are great medium, spicy garlic, Asian zing, honey BBQ, I've even had them mix sauces. You can't go wrong with Buffalo Wild Wings. It's quick and easy to get to-go orders also.
4_star Ok, lets keep this in perspective. If you want a great dining experience, this isn't the place. If you want a big menu to choose from, nope... not here. If you want a great burger.... THIS IS THE PLACE! Yes, it's a bit expensive, but hey, it's Vegas! I had the Gold Standard, and it was fantastic! Don't put ketchup on it, eat it just the way it comes out. It could have used a bit more bacon, but that's knit picking. It was a great burger, and while expensive, the Samuel Smith Organic Apple Cider is a great way to top it off!
4_star Never heard of it. Was in Wexford for something medical, got good news, and decided to treat myself to breakfast that wasn't from a chain. Yelped 'breakfast' and Totins showed up. Glad it did. Small, cute, crowded diner that looks like the 50's. Sat at the counter as there were no tables. Watched the kitchen staff quickly make breakfast. Wait staff was hurried but friendly enough. Food was excellent. Prices were on the slightly high side. Will definitely go back if I'm ever in Wexford again.
4_star I just had a very delicious lunch from Mad Greek, it's unfortunate that so many other people's experiences were lacking... I must admit though my company ordered out, and it seems a lot of complaints were about the service. As for the food being inedible? Luckily what I had was pretty damn good, everyone else in my office seemed to enjoy their meals as well. I ordered the curried veggie wrap with tabouli as my side- it tasted like simosa filling in a whole wheat wrap, awesome! Now I'ill admit the bottom was a bit oily- but I expect that from something that's curried and has been sitting in a box (our office is 20 minutes from the restaurant). A couple dabs with my napkin and I was good to go- and my food was still hot! The tabouli was delicious, very filling, maybe could have used a little less feta, but that's just me. My lunch cost $9.50 and I have a ton of leftovers. I would definitely order from here again, though the other reviews have scared me enough that I'm not sure if I'd dine in... We'll see.
1_star Got the chicken cutlet wanted curry sauce nope I got a salty thick gravy .... Cutlet was so over cook the meat looked plastic. Threw it away after 3 bites. Waste of money & time
1_star A friend of mine and I stopped in to watch her boyfriends' band play and have a couple drinks and if it weren't for him playing I would've left. Honestly, never at one point have I thought "Hey, I'd like to go to a cool bar tonight and watch some good music, how bout E-strings?" It was just full of kids and I couldn't get a drink too quickly. I've also heard some really terrible things about how the owner feels about talent so I don't want to support that. If I want to see some great bands, I'll check out downtown. If I want crappy mozzarella sticks, basic beer, loud music and out of touch owners? I'll come here.
3_star Had dinner and margarita's here while in Vegas for business. The atmosphere on a Tuesday night was fun - I saw 4 different people dressed in pirate or sailor attire and wearing stilts hanging out in the restaurant. Not sure if that is normal for this place but it was fun to see! We started off dinner sharing nacho's and a crab cheese dip appetizer. Both were good, albeit greasy. I knew going into it I wasn't going to be eating healthy so I wasn't surprised. I had the perfect margarita to go along with the appetizers and it was okay. A little sweet for my tastes but drinkable. Then a coworker ordered the 100oz margarita that comes in what looks like a bong. It made us laugh and I thought the margarita out of that was decent - less sweet but watered down! All and all I had fun at this place but it wasn't my kind of place.
1_star I have been disappointed time and time again with this Pizza Hut! I think I have finally learned my lesson and will be taking my business elsewhere. The last four times there has been something wrong with my order. They always seem to forget the extra marinara sauce I order, yet charge me for it. The pizza has been cold. And this last time the breadsticks were so hard, I had to throw them away. Mind you, I keep going back because I do love the chicken wings, but I think I have finally had enough.
5_star A nondescript hole in the wall in a strip of Lorain full of auto repair shops, tattoo parlors and burner cell phone vendors, this is quite possibly my favorite restaurant in Cleveland and certainly my favorite takeout. The food is objectively awesome and totally addictive. Prices are reasonable and the portions are extremely generous, so plan to have leftovers (and to be horrified by how heavy your order is if you're indecisive). The "lot" accommodates 2 cars and I'm not sure it's even intended as such, but you can usually find street parking nearby. It is cash only, so come prepared. Hadn't had Cambodian prior to eating here-- the food is like a 70 % Thai 30 % Vietnamese mashup with a balance of salty, savory, sweet, cooked and fresh. Much more flavorful and a little bit funkier (but frankly also less photogenic) than either of those cuisines. The noodle dishes are their strong suit and comprise the majority of the menu-- an overwhelming list of similar sounding iterations on a theme that superficially resemble pad Thai, but have surprisingly distinct flavor profiles. A quick rundown of some highlights: - The creamy shrimp rolls are a guilty pleasure-- like cigar-shaped shrimp crab rangoon in spring roll wrappers - The fresh spring rolls (D/D1) are especially good and herb heavy - Mee Krolaa (#28) is not stir fried so the noodles are a bit more al dente-- tossed w a sweeter soy-based sauce, lots of pickled vegetables, ground peanuts and dried shrimp that lends a salty funk - Chha Bun Kari Kroup Muk (#39) Stir fried vermicelli with a curry based sauce and every meat known to mankind. The chicken patties are super lemongrassy and totally addictive and the thick rectangles of homemade tofu are fried to a perfect chew. - Khmer chili kuy tiev chha (#66) Essentially a well executed version of Americanized tomato paste-based pad Thai. - Kuy tiev chha tek trey phèm (#67-73) Looks like pad Thai, but stir fried in a sweet soy-based sauce. Probably the least flavorful of the bunch. - Kuy tiev chha chou èm (#74-80) Soy based sauce but more balanced with some tang, plentiful chiffonade of herbs on top. - Banh sougnh (#108a-113) Similar to bun with the usual vegetable toppings, sliced spring rolls and fish sauce to pour over but made with thicker round rice noodles. Topped with stir fried meat and onion in a coconuty sauce. Weird, but delightfully addictive. A few caveats: The banh sougnh noodles are rarely cooked perfectly-- usually a bit too soft or too firm, the basil fried rice is forgettable, Mee chha a bit weird, and chicken lemon grass is a bit bland. The spice ratings mean business-- the hue beef soup has so much chili that it turns the noodles a sort of pepto bismol pink and tastes like lava.
3_star The Galbitang was tasty. Don't expect good service here. I don't know if it's the Korean culture or just the server (or lack of English speaking skills) but they seem kind of rude. Also they seem understaffed so they seem to be rushing you to make an order. Authentic Korean food! I loved the broth of the Galbitang. Kim Chee was fresh and good also part of Banchan which is the Korean word for mini-side dishes.
2_star While I must say the gumbo was some of the best I have ever had, the entrees that our party had were all mediocre at best. Two of us ordered the Rosemary and Balsamic Poached Chicken Breast and one of us ordered the Cedar Plank Camp Fire Rib Eye and I can't remember what the last person ordered but I do remember they were also not impressed. Most of this I would say was brought on by the fact the prices were exorbitant in comparison to the quality. The service was great, no problems there, and like I said, the Gumbo was simply amazing.
2_star Atmosphere was pretty nice, food was bland, and the wait staff reasonable but didn't try to be helpful. I didn't hate this place, but I can't imagine that I'll be back.
5_star Sway is the man! Great food and great service! Management was spectacular and so good to my friends and I who were here for a bachelorette party. Bottomless mimosas were actually bottomless. We had a blast!!!!!! Brunch
5_star Good place to enjoy a good coffee or some baked goods. I really like it and recomend to everyone.
4_star This review is based on my visit on August 1st, 2015. I went here to enjoy the lovely Linda's Fudge Cake, and to enjoy dinner, too, of course! Our party arrived around 5:30, but was seated immediately, a shock considering the Saturday night crowd was arriving! The hostess who brought us to our table was one of the most chatty hostesses I have ever had the pleasure of meeting. She asked me about my day, and appeared genuinely concerned with the guest experience, handing the menus to each person individually, a very nice touch. Unfortunately, it took quite a bit longer to see our waitress than I would have expected! Drinks took quite a while to arrive, but I was expecting this, given the size of the joint and the fact that most of our drinks came from the bar. After the waitress returned, I decided to order the Shrimp & Chicken Gumbo, which came out of the kitchen not too much later. The gumbo was packed with flavor, though I was let down on how spicy it was. The texture was also fairly poor - it seemed almost mucous-like. Fortunately, I was able to end the night with Oreo Cheesecake, not the Linda's Fudge Cake I had thought I would order. I couldn't have been happier with the choice to order cheesecake, it didn't have that rich, over-powering chocolate that Linda's Fudge Cake has. And, come on, who doesn't love Oreos?
3_star The service is great. Wonderful atmosphere. Food is kind of bland. It's a very small restaurant.
4_star Fast friendly service, the staff all have big friendly smiles. Good food, I had the sate combo. Clean and nice atmosphere. Coming back again. They make the Vietnamese iced coffee for you so there isn't any mess on your table.
1_star Horrendous staff. The fried chicken looks like it died twice. First when they were killed, and a second time when this restaurant cooked it.
1_star Seriously, they had the wrong menu up for Thanksgiving and our Server said he had to tell so many people that it was incorrect. He asked if we were staying, so obviously not many others stuck around. I just didn't like the options they had with the turkey. The turkey was excellent, but our steak was not. Charred on outside when we ordered medium. The fingerling potatoes were like a side of potato wedges from KFC, in fact KFC are better! We didn't eat them. Our Waiter was hit or miss. I will never eat here again, too many better options in same area for same price. Terrible Thanksgiving, even the roll was cold and hard. I would keep this place for drinks only.
4_star Food was great!! But to get seated is sometimes is a extremely long wait. It seems the business is under staffed the waitress are sometimes running around with there heads chopped off. But still good food!!
2_star Pinks was okay...my cousins and I went during the winter time so you can imagine how cold it was. I did not like the fact that the heater thingy's were not working. The hot dogs were okay I ordered the mushroom Swiss hot dog which was okay, I think if they used fresh mushrooms it would of made it much better, But mushrooms from a can umm I think not. On the bright side it is enough to share since it is a pretty big hot dog. My bf on the other hand ordered the Chicago Dog, he liked it. The prices though are just a little bit overboard, I think Costco or Sam's Club for $1.50 is probably way better and a medium drink is included! You are talking about $7 to $8 for a hot dog/ polish dog. Better yet you can actually just buy a good pack of hot dogs and make it anyway you want it.
1_star How to start? Got to Monical's at 7 on a Saturday night. Waited 5 minutes at the hostess station to be seated and the restaurant was fairly empty. The hostess gave us a fine table and was super friendly. And it stopped there. Really! We waited another 10-15 minutes for ANYONE to take our order, offer us water, acknowledge our presence, something! Nope. Several servers were cleaning other tables, sweeping the floor and reorganizing chairs throughout the restaurant. Not one noticed a table of 6 people. Other customers received their food, so somehow a server noticed them at some point. Finally, we just got up and left. And NOT ONE SERVER NOTICED! So I can't rate their food because how would I know? We did have a wonderful dinner....somewhere else.
4_star After all the raving reviews, we finally set out to try Kazu. We waited outside for about 15 minutes then moved in between the doors. The place is super tiny which is why I am only giving 4 stars. My boyfriend and I came with two other friends but we split up so we can get our seats quicker. We ended up at the bar and fortunately, next to each other anyway. No space to move around so I felt very rushed because we can't just sit and talk over our meals. But it was a delicious meal though. Food: Awesome Salmon & Tuna Bowl. It's very flavorful but not too overpowering. It is also a very healthy dish. My boyfriend got the 48 hour pork with rice. I am not a fan of ginger but the pork was very tasty and he loved it. We also tried the Japanese Pancake with Shrimp. I find that it was very heavy and more flour than shrimp. I like sauce and toppings on top of the pancake though. Service: The ladies were very attentive and nice and our food arrived super fast (esp in this space and with the line out, they had to be fast!) If I was to go back, then I would definitely stick to the Salmon/Tuna bowl! Give this place a try, and I recommend going on a not so cold day/night so you won't freeze your butt off even if you have to wait!
5_star This place was wonderful. I'm from out of town and my friend and I was looking for a great place to eat before I head home the next. I stumbled into this restaurant as I was looking on Yelp. I read the reviews and a lot of people said great things about this place. So we decided to go. The food was amazing. I started my meal with the tortilla soup and was shocked about the presentation on the soup. It looked amazing and I enjoyed the flavor when I was eating it. Then I ordered a small salad. It's a salad. Nothing special. And last I had the half chicken. The chicken had a lot of flavor and a side of cornbread that came with it. Both items were very tasteful. The price was very reasonable. I thought it would be more because of the look inside the restaurant. It wasn't the case. Service was excellent as they took really care of me and my guest. When I come back to Phoenix, I'm definitely coming back here.
2_star Use to love this place. Walked in today and people working were so rude, won't go back. Wanted to buy quite a few things, but they literally acted like we were bothering them. No one was in the store but my husband and I. So wasn't busy.
5_star Great Lao/Thai food. Curries are amazing, many of the other dishes are excellent as well. The seats at the sides of the restaurant are pretty ripped up, they need to fix that.
2_star Updated review (keeping 2 stars) after having one of the owners message me on here, same guy that was the cook when I went in. The customer service was horrible in my experience at this establishment. Our visit to a mom an pop restaurant should not be over an hour, that is not acceptable. Especially if there was less than 10 guests in the establishment. I wondered how all of the reviews were 5 stars, am I the only one he messages after a lower rating? Just a heads up yelpers! If you don't label this place 5 stars you can expect a message!
5_star Fantastic sushi...fresh and yummy. Large portion and selection. Also offers all-you- can-eat for $26.95 for 60 minute dinner. Tempura very good, too.
4_star Eggs Benedict with Chorizo very tasty so much you will not want anything else all day, coffee good, juice fresh squeezed, service is good, restaurant is a bit crowded. You have got check out the washrooms. All in all as good a brunch as you will get anywhere.
4_star Good food, good drinks, drive thru, outdoor seating. I knocked off one star because this place is expensive. I ordered the alien burrito, vegan, and it was like $9 something.
5_star This place rocks! My clients and I were looking for a place to eat dinner this week and Soul Cafe came up. They have eaten there many times and were complimenting the uniqueness of some of their dishes. We all decided this had to be the choice if I have never been. What a neat colorful place tucked up in North Scottsdale. Lots of color and beautiful artwork. Food with a Mexican flair! I had one of the best Bloody Mary's in my life! Served with jalapeno vodka and hot bacon, unbelievable! And for dinner a Mexaloaf (meatloaf) with a kick. More bacon, corn chips and salsa mixed in topped with chipotle sauce on a bed of mashed potatoes. This is now one of my monthly returns when i come to town.
3_star We felt the atmosphere and service were great but the food was very average. We won't go back. There are much better restaurants in Vegas for the same price.
3_star Cmon is that all you got? I've been searching Phoenix for months for a Cajun place close by so I could save the gas from driving to pappa's. Ordered the shrimp étouffée and wasn't impressed. And I lived in Kenner la for awhile so me and Cajun have met. Service was great. Lady hooked me up w an extra side of bread... even tho my fat ass could have used a walk to la fitness. Recommendations: po boys, garlic bread, Bo dang balls. Looking forward to giving them a second chance sometime soon.
4_star I've gotten pick-up orders from here many times. It's standard Americanized Chinese food that hits the spot whenever I'm driving by and get a craving. The food is promptly made (about 10 minutes after I call in my order) and the vegetables taste fresh. I'm a big fan of their crab rangoons; there's lots of filling in them compared to the rangoons from other places. The sauce and meat in my meals isn't as flavorful as other Chinese take-outs have been, but it's still tasty. And my experience with the staff has been fine. Also FYI, it's cash only, and there's an ATM right outside by the door. I've never eaten in (there's a few tables) or in the buffet that's attached next door, so I can't speak on that. But overall, if you're getting a craving for some inexpensive Chinese and you're in the area, might as well give it a try.
3_star Acropolis has its own crowd. It is a crowd that looks for generous portions, abundant choices, familiar foods, and low prices. Acropolis seems to provide all of those, and it draws large loyal crowds. Some items are much better than others. The Greek fare seems much better than most of the diner fare, but the Greek fare is quite good. The service is prompt, efficient, and friendly. The bar produces excellent drinks at great prices. Fine dining it is not. It also does not have the quality of Greek food one can find in bigger cities. But if you are looking for generous portions, abundant choices, familiar foods, and low prices, Acropolis does those well.
2_star I visited on a Thursday evening, 7 pm. Menu seemed pricey but we wanted to give this place a try. Although the restaurant was only half seated, we had to wait a bit before being served. (Not sure if they were understaffed). The chef was polite enough to reassure us that it would just be a moment. Tempura Udon - While super hot in temperature (which is an absolute plus), the shrimp and veggie tempuras were placed into the soup, causing for them to be extremely soggy as a result. Other restaurants place the tempura on a separate dish so if I ever come back, I'd probably request for this! The noodles were not too mushy and not too hard - a well balance. Crispy Butter Roll - This came in a cute triangular roll, which was different. It was made of deep fried butter fish with oba leaf, yamagobo, cucumber, tobiko and spicy sauce (it wasn't spicy). However, it often fell apart easily if I took more than one bite, so it may be best enjoyed by taking one large bite! Chicken Teriyaki Set - Quite pricey for the portion. Carrots were nice and soft, potatoes were a slightly dry, while the chicken was average. I can't say that it was worth the $23, when there are likely other restaurants that have a lower price without compromise of the quality. Their service was fair. They were polite but it was difficult to get our server's attention when we needed them. Their washrooms were tidy, clean (with many mirrors!) Would I come back again? Nothing urges me to do so strongly. To keep expectations realistic, Nami is not out-of-this-world outstanding.
4_star This started as our "go to" spot for dinner before events downtown, but it has graduated to borderline addiction status! Aside from the amazing sake list, cool atmosphere, and good service, the food is not only fun but delish!! Two things we ALWAYS order (and I'll confess we order two of each of these... don't judge me :)!!!), sugar cane pork and soup gyoza. Both contain pork, (obviously with the sugar cane) and are completely different but out of this world! The gyoza (dumplings) actually have soupy broth inside them!!! The claypot Red Curry Tofu is spicy and delicious, and the Lemongrass chicken is the perfect cooling compliment! Make sure to ask for a side of rice (or two as they are on the small side) to go with the tofu! If your in the mood for something completely different, take the time to track Sens down and come hungry!!! LOVE LOVE LOVE :)
5_star After working up an appetite walking around the farmers market, Basset Street Brunch Club was the perfect place to grab a bite to eat. Although there was a forty minute wait when we arrived, there were multiple patio seats and tables outside of the restaurant that made waiting quite comfortable. We also made sure to order a few drinks at the bar to sip as we waited. In terms of the menu, there is a wide variety of options, but the fried chicken is a must! The biscuit and gravy that came with the dish were extremely delicious and not too heavy.
1_star They don't have the same people cooking looks like it's changes hands because nothing looks familiar and use to have happy hour and was in the other day and they said no happy hour and our would be server never seen her before she was Korean not thai to fat unsure of what's up with this place no one was there and there usually busy so I don't know
1_star I don't think I'm coming back. My burger was just as bad as the one I had at the zoo. After the first bite I wished I had gone to In n Out or Burger King for that matter. The Habit adds no flavor to their char-burgers. The french fries were soggy and awful too. I don't understand these 5 star reviews. If the managers and staff are very friendly, it's only to make up for the bland tasting food.
1_star My fiancee & I decided to have lunch there this Saturday. We arrived & sat at the bar area. Our table was dirty & the bus boy never came to clean. The bartender cleaned up for us & took our drink order. Our server never came to take our order. We asked the hostess & her reply was "I have no idea who your server is" . When our server came he asked us to go ahead & keep ordering from the bartender since we already got drinks from him. We go to Las Vegas several times a year and I will never go back to this place. Such a shame because we were really looking forward to trying the food.
3_star A local recommended this place to us while we were on vacation to Montreal. In the heart of tourist Montreal, this restaurant attracted hundreds. In fact, on a Monday night, we had a 30 min wait to be seated, and we arrived there around 10pm. Inside, the patio is absolutely beautiful, you feel like you're in Europe's backyard - trees and flowers everywhere, awesome jazz music, and the buzz of people everywhere. We expected something great, but I gotta say it was nothing but average. The waitress seemed unhappy and tired, we had to constantly keep asking for water refills, the food took forever to be brought out. there was a sizeable period of time where our waitress disappeared. The food was okay, we had the lobster salad - that was a treat. Absolutely delicious, fresh greens, and the grape and pineapple really made it fresh. I had the Diva crepe, it was okay, nothing memorable. And the rib sandwich, also okay. For dessert we had the banana chocolate crepe. When we asked for dessert the waitress looked exasperated. Again we waited forever. It was sweet, but nothing as exciting as what we expected. A packed restaurant, yet the food was just alright.
5_star I have dined at many upscale restaurants in Las Vegas but this place is by far the best steakhouse yet! My brother in law and I shared the Lollipop Ribeye, melted in my mouth. Everything from the Seafood Tower to the Big Fat Chocolate Cake dessert was so delicious. I seriously cannot wait to eat there again.
3_star Not much of a hotdog person, but I was meeting some cousins and this is what they chose. I opted for the Chicago Polish which is nothing like a chicago style hot dog - dressed in mustard, relish, tomatoes and lettuce? Weird. Anyway the polish sausage was pretty big and it had a nice snap to it when bitten, and the inside was nice and juicy and the flavor was pretty savory. Not bad.
1_star I am giving them 1 star and it is for the lack of quality in the salsas. Both green and red are always watery. I would like for them to learn how to make salsa since it is the dressing on the food that is suppose to give a dish flavor. As a Mexican, it's embarrassing. Roberto's taco shops are increasing prices as of November 1st, they should increase quality of product while they're at it as well.
3_star It's hard for me to give any airport food too high! This was a wonderful surprise. Was looking for some actual food and a drink as my flight was delayed about 30 min. I'm actually still here. Glass of wine for $12 and it's decent. I got the chicken enchiladas for $13. They are really good. Just a little spice- not so hot that my nose runs. Soft flour tortillas and a portion that's fitting. 3 enchilada, rice, beans. I probably could have split this and maybe 1 more taco with someone but I'm alone. So I ate it all!! I think this airport has such limited food. I was happy to find this. You can buy a hotdog and a soda down the way for maybe $10, but here I sit and I get to be tipsy sooooooo.....
5_star Ordered the rigatoni and it was excellent. Had the baba for dessert also excellent. Service is great and will be back soon. Owner came out and proposed a toast which was truly awesome. Great atmosphere! Will return soon
4_star This BR location is a favourite amongst many! I find that I always end up here if a bunch of us can't decide where to go but just need something to drink!! I've been here a few times but I'll go through my latest visit briefly. Most of the time I visit, it's packed and overflowing with people but recently, it was nice and quiet inside with only two other small parties present. I think most people come to BR for the bubble tea but maybe haven't thought about trying their food....I'd recommend it! Despite the fact that their portions have gotten smaller over the years, the food is pretty solid to pair with your drink. You can get a plate with or without making it a combo (a small flavored black/green milk/no milk tea and $1.25 extra to make it a large). This combo only includes certain sections of their drinks menu so make sure of your selection with your waitress! We both got the sesame paste noodles and our drinks were Magik Milk Tea (black milk tea with coffee flavored jelly....but I think there's other coffee flavoring in there too....ordered large tapioca) and Vanilla Ice Cream Black Milk Tea. To finish off with dessert, we shared brick toast with condensed milk (so good). Food and drinks came pretty quick, the brick toast took a little longer but nothing unreasonable, and we were offered a sample of passion fruit green tea (must've been a one time thing but I'm glad I was there to try it!). All together, it was just under $25. Regardless of how big the crowd is, all employees are efficient, friendly and work quickly to get your orders in. NOTE: this location is part of a strip of stores undergoing exterior construction so it can be easy to miss! Keep a good eye out if you're coming!
2_star this place is not hawaiian. food and presentation was poor. but since the waiter and manager made an effort to accomodate my friend's pickiness (sometimes worse than me) i decided it was worth 2 stars. ordered coconut shrimp and she had ordered chicken both of which are like $25 each. so u would think it was good. i hope others didnt buy the groupon like i did... disappointing btw...get the window view or the bar; the dining area is shitty. some one will tell you the "water show" is so great. NOT! you can turn on the sprinkler at home and that will be better
1_star Usually love the Keg. This one however was a different story. Server was exceptionally rude. And just never really checked on us and at the beginning she never asked if I wanted anything to drink. We cut dinner off early because she was just so awkward. My food was actually burnt which was a huge surprise for the Keg, considering I usually leave 100% satisfied.
2_star Catching up on reviews! My husband and I visited WS during March Madness. I went into this experience as a Doubting Thomas, and I was not disappointed. Let me explain. I have NEVER been to a buffet that I liked. Something about them just...grosses me out. And the food is never quite right: not hot enough, overdone--you know the drill. But I figured that if ANYONE could do a buffet right, it was LAS VEGAS. Wicked Spoon was "up there" among the Las Vegas Buffet Glitterati. So the hubby and I waited through a moderate line to pony up. As we stood there, my husband was on TRIP ADVISOR--I KNOW, I KNOW: crime against humanity!--and found a recent review, wherein a disgruntled customer reported having found a MAGGOT in her DESSERT. I will admit that this thought nagged at the back of my mind throughout the meal. That aside, the layout was impressive. BUT the food failed to deliver. The chicken teriyaki I snagged from the line was just adorable, served as it was in a cute little pan--but it was not especially tasty and was quite cold. The crab legs were positively PUNY. The dedicated seafood chef made Bouillabaisse while I waited: how cool is THAT? But the seafood was overcooked, and the dish completely missed the mark. I skipped dessert. Bottom line: WS offers TONS of food in a glittering, breathtaking array. But NONE of it is that good. Skip it.
4_star Love this sushi place! I work close by and my group of coworkers would come here often. Make resos if you're coming for lunch on Fridays. The kitchen is really small so it does take a while for food to come out of you're with a large group. I always get the Lola bento box - you get a choice of main dish (chicken, salmon, beef, various sushi, etc) with your Japanese bento box staples (few rolls, salad, rice, miso, tempura, fruit). Dynamite roll is really good too - pretty big serving - enough for a nice lunch!
4_star I've eaten at many, many sushi joints in my life. Some good, some decent, some mediocre, some amazzzzzing (think Sushi Kaji). This place is decidedly decent for Toronto. They offer free side dishes (owing to its Korean staff) and are one of the few places in town to offer hwe dop bop - a Korean sushi dish similar to sashimi don, but comes with more veggies and an amazing spicy sauce to mix in with it. This is by no means the best sushi place in town, but definitely one of the best in this price range. Great service, a good menu, and very good food.
4_star Had the thin crust meatball and sausage pizza. Delicious flavor and the crust is perfect. Big slices of meatballs with massive flavor. Highly recommended to ask for parmesan to sprinkle on top. Solid slice for Vegas!
1_star I can't understand what's the hype about this place. After reading many good reviews, decided to go there for breakfast. First of all, service was mediocre - had to wait about 15 minutes to order. Waited another good 20 minutes for our food, that wasn't all that great: hash brows were soggy (like they were dipped on water and then served), pancakes weren't cooked long enough (tasted like raw batter) and Maple BLT sandwich was nothing special. STAY AWAY.
3_star Other than the chilli baby corn fry, and chilli chicken, everything else is ok. Better compared to other restaurants in ohio but no where close to the good indian restaurants in NJ and Toronto.
3_star I went here to have a quick sit down at the bar and a bite with a friend at the bar. I expected to have a relatively good time, but little did I know the bar was being hosted that night by the Ice Queen. Cold treatment from this host from the moment we first ordered our beers, complete with being chided over my perfectly valid ID, to having to ask for a menu after waiting quite some time (instead of being asked if we wanted food, like most bartenders would??) so we could even get the food we came for! When the food came, the wings looked like someone had quite literally emptied a sauce bottle over them - they were sitting in a puddle! Never had to dip a wing 4-5 times in ranch just to get some on it before! At least the Quesadilla was tasty, though I really didn't appreciate being disagreed with by the bartender about leaving off the Pico de Gallo. Tomatoes make me violently sick, I don't need your bloody opinion about them being on the dish! Thankfully, an otherwise infuriating experience was mostly rectified by the bubbly friendliness of the waiter who came to send the previous bartender on a break. The replacement and her friendly, happy demeanor is probably the main reason why I didn't simply walk out. While I still rushed my dinner (and my friends) so we could get the heck out of dodge, it was a relief to see that the first employee wasn't a wholly accurate example of the staff. Primarily for that reason I'm willing to give three stars, unlike the one or two I angrily wanted to. I hope my experience with the staff to be a fluke.
4_star I can only rate the dim sum experience, as I've never eaten any other meal there. I would recommend this place above Rol San only in that it's not as annoyingly crazy busy all the time. The food is very decent, and service is sufficient.
2_star We had fun looking at all the memorabilia and playing with the Microsoft surface while we waited for a table. Other than that, the food, drinks and service was normal for Hard Rock - subpar.
2_star Very disappointing! Called to get a table for 4 and told nothing available but that we can sit in lounge with no waiting. We did. While sitting and having dinner we watched and saw empty tables the entire time we had our meal and several drinks. What's up with that? Kinda upset us because we would have been in and out but settled for a spot near the bar on a high top! Dinner was average, atmosphere great!
1_star Long long long wait in drive thru. For hard freaking chicken strips. Overpriced. Overrated. Food was either overcooked or under a heat lamp all day. A waste of a good location they could put a better fast food joint.
2_star We were in Scottsdale for training and had met the owner Brian the previous evening. He implored us to come see him for lunch the following day, "we were going to love it". What a mistake. The food was slightly better than Olive Garden. We walked in and there was nobody to greet us, we wandered past the kitchen and asked the cook if they were open. Our server was working the place by himself, it took FOREVER for any service. There was one other table in the place beside us, and it was slooooooooooooow.Well over an hour for lunch, with four people in our party, and one other couple in the restaurant. No lunch prices, just a dinner menu, I spent 27 dollars plus tip for a bowl of pasta and a glass of iced tea. (great rolls though.) The owner never bothered to come out and say hello, or thank us for coming to his restaurant. How they have stayed in business as long as they have is beyond me.
1_star Les clients de ce petit boui-boui juste en face de Cao Thang, pour la plupart des jeunes et des étudiants, font la queue devant la porte pour attendre leur sandwich. Se peut-il qu'il soit si bon que ça ? En un mot, non. En fait, ils font la queue parce qu'il n'y a aucune place dans la boutique. Il y a peu ou près un demi-mètre entre le comptoir et le mur en face, ce qui fait qu'il est assez impossible de bouger, d'autant plus qu'il faut aller tout au fond pour passer la commande et ensuite revenir pour payer. Les prix sont corrects (de l'ordre de $3 pour un banh mi si je ne m'abuse pas) et les sandwichs sont faits sur commande. En revanche les ingrédients sont horribles. Plutôt que du porc à la vapeur, ils y mettent une sorte de charcuterie visqueux et étalent partout un beurre-mayonnaise à l'ail qui écrase les autres goûts. Ils sont radins avec le reste ; je crois avoir compté quatre morceaux de carottes dans mon sandwich. Le pire de tous est le pain. Totalement desséché, il part en miettes avec chaque bouchée et on en perd autant qu'on en mange. Un désastre absolu. Crevez de faim plutôt que d'y aller.
1_star Server is rude and not paying attention. Have to come back and verified our orders. Salmon is over-cooked and dried. Menus are overpriced for the quality of food. However, the steak was done perfectly to medium.
3_star It took my BF and I a long time to finally give Gratitude a try after reading poor reviews of the staff and were very surprised at the decent experience we had. The food was great. I had the quesadilla and my BF had the calzone - both were wonderful and hearty. The atmosphere is a little weird, especially if you're seated by the huge windows or the drafty door and the bigger meals take a very long time but it's worth it. Though I wish the dishes weren't named things like "I am Grateful", it's awkward to order..
2_star service is okay. But the food is horrible. Got the chicken club sandwich and it was absolutely bad. Chicken was cold. Ordered mushroom burger and it was very bad too. Ordered almond granola with yogurt, it was eh.. Ordered spinach dip and it was okay. Overall, this place is a must skip.
5_star What a perfect find for my Italian self!! My boyfriend & I went here for date night and absolutely loved everything from the service, to the food & the Italian ambiance! I highly recommend visiting if you are looking for a delicious Italian meal that is well priced! We enjoyed the spaghetti & clams, Rigatoni and yummy antipasto board! This place makes me proud to be Italian... I will definitely be back with my friends & family!
3_star I should probably be more generous with the stars here because I eat there often but there are just too many better burrito joints in the city. This location is down the street from me so I go often due to my burrito addiction. I basically always get the lil (their smallest size) bean and cheese on whole wheat. Same order I get at Burrito Bandidos but this place just gets something wrong along the way. Beans are tasty and smokey in flavour, they offer chow mein along with the rice but I usually skip it. Bit too much starch for my liking. Then they have the usual toppings that I indulge in - lettuce, pico de gallo, jalapeno, cilantro, peppers, salsa, sour cream, burrito sauce (it's very tasty here), but they also have coleslaw which I think is gross and the vinegar dressing takes over and runs throughout the burrito. They also will crunch up some chips in there which is kind of a nice touch. Watch out for the hot sauce, I ask for a little bit which can vary depending on the person making it but it is extremely spicy. My husband likes the burn so he goes for it. They grill the burritos which I also appreciate but again it never comes out like Bandidos. Try the Blair's Death Rain chips if you want to ruin your night and your taste buds! In conclusion, it gives me my fix when I need one and that's about it.
1_star Slowest service while waitress spent time chatting with other staff. Waited 20+ minutes for our order and had to keep asking for our waitress. Ok if it was packed but only about 10 tables are seated. Will never return here. Not family friendly with young children who are hungry and waited over 45 minutes to get our food
3_star This place is pretty neat, it has a sorta "speak easy" kinda vibe to it. Great place for a drink or two but one should avoid the lobster roll, it gives lobster rolls a bad name. I understand they're hard to do well, especially here in the Valley but just don't do it ?! And don't order a simple mans drink, they'll toss ya off the balcony (It's that kinda place) but definitely give it a shot !
4_star Great spot. Good food. Friendly staff. Enjoyed my first visit this morning for breakfast. Will definitely be back.
5_star The signature cake, the Amadeus is my favourite cake of all time - you must try it! Everything else is pretty good too. Everything looks pretty as well.
3_star I was very disappointed in this place, two out of the 4 plates that we ordered were not that great. The chips and salsa were good and so were our drinks. One plate we ordered was a burrito and very dry, the 2nd plate was a chile relleno and it was mostly cheese and grease. I think it has potential and could be great if the cooking was changed up a little bit. Our server was great even though it was a bit of a wait before he got our order.
2_star Torontonians love their brunch. Unfortunately, this also means brunch spots don't have to try very hard once they have an established reputation. Our visit to Aunties and Uncles started with the waiters ignoring us for about 15minutes despite plenty of open seating. This was followed by approximately a 30-45min wait for our food once we ordered. I won't even go into how they screwed up the order itself. There was also a healthy side of attitude from the waiter. So yeah, come here if you have 3hrs for brunch and don't mind being treated like it is your privilege that you even get a chance to eat at this place.
2_star "Meh. I've experienced better" sums this place up. I went there wanting to compare this pizza to other thin crust pizza joints such as UNA, double zero, etc. Walking in I was a bit surprized that it is designed more like a deli (walk-up order your own food) but they bring your food to you. Also, not a single smell of pizza!!! Open kitchen, smaller place, wouldn't you expect to smell some fresh bread, garlic, basil, cheese?! Nope, nothing. We ordered 3 different pizzas: Ham and Pineapple with fresh Feta, Pepperoni and Roasted Mushroom, and Cappricciosa. As with other reviews we found this pizza a little soggy, and overall a little flavourless. The qualities of the toppings though were fabulous! The fresh feta was super yummy! I would maybe compare this pizza to slightly thinner, less greasy pizza hut. Overall, I don't think i will be back any time soon.
4_star A keeper Korean BBQ place. I think it is bit pricy above average but food was very good. We had marinated Galbi but they also have seong? Galbi which is not marinated. That Galbi is available at a good Korean BBQ place to taste real meat flavor. Well one of us really wanted that marinated this time and it was an excellent choice. After 11pm they deduct 20% and it is average price with really good dining I think. The receptionist was very attentive and we liked her service. Table waitress is ok. We had paejyong? Pancake also. It didn't took my fancy but all small dishes especially Kimchi was very good. I certainly would come back this place for tofu stew menu and other choices. They have a semi private dining area for a group dining. I can use this for business dinner
2_star Nothing special. I'm only giving this 2 stars because of the hummus and the baba ganoush- the best I have ever had. As for the the entrees, I have yet to have anything that blows me away. Just last week, I ordered the cranberry chicken salad for take out. When I opened it at home it seemed as though it was already packaged up for a couple of days. The mango was literally the consistency of a rock. Why anyone would serve that is beyond me. The what I'm assuming to be the pear, was a dark brown color and was squished like a pancake. The strawberries were nonexistent. The grilled chicken was the only good part of the salad.
1_star Extremely slow service, portion size listed on menu is very deceiving! I don't care who you are, you'll hate this place
2_star The food tastes great. I had a burger. Expected a side but there was none. It was too busy to add something or even get the waiter to notice us. I stopped at the Greek place across the square immediately after eating here because it just wasn't enough food. 1 star for existing 1 star for good food 0 star for service 0 star for portion size 0 star for price
5_star Great food and hardworking, knowledgeable staff. The Staff know their menu inside and out, offering recommendations on both drinks and food. At least our waitress did. And it's great, fresh food. Definitely on the lighter side which is a nice addition to the Mexican mix in the city. Order more Tacos than you think you'll want. They go down quickly. A great addition to our city.
2_star Small portions that did not reflect the menu... For example: Leg of Lamb was four small medallions; Tortellini was 6 Tortellini pieces... You need to grab a bite before you show up. Also, wine was only for the men as the waiter only topped up the men's glasses and the women had to fend for themselves. The food is good but small... The service is lacking in so many ways. The desserts were weak... A custard dish had the consistency of milk. Jump used to be a place where it was an experience. They had high standards for their food and service. It is clearly now a franchise with no attention to detail. At three different points in the meal we had to ask what the specials were as the server did not know them. Each time the server had to go to the kitchen to find out (soup, main and dessert). My wife worked there 20 years ago and it is no longer that place. How times have changed. It is now just a franchise licensed name that rides its laurels and lacks that je ne c'est quoi of a better time. Sorry for the rant but this place has killed it for me and all O & B places are now dead to me. Sad as this used to be a name in Toronto dining and now it is an embarrassment.
4_star I've been to Meatheads twice since they opened. The first time I had their basic 1/3 lb cheeseburger with all the trimmings ("grilled" onion, lettuce, tomato, mayo, ketchup, and pickles). I also shared a mocha shake. The food arrived fast and the burger was great, except I was certain they made a mistake since the onion on my burger was raw (still crunchy and spicy). Still a good, but greasy burger. The shake was the real star; it tasted like it was made with fresh coffee. My second visit I got the same with the addition of fries. The total was about $12, so it's not the cheapest burger joint in town. Biting into my burger I got the same raw onion taste. So, it seems to me they heat the onions on the grill, but don't actually grill them; it was still white. The second go at the mocha shake was just as good as the first with an intense coffee flavor. The small order of fries was huge, and probably more than I should have eaten. As others have said, parking is a mess. The restaurant probably has twice as many tables as parking spaces.
5_star Since I enter this place I really like it. Gaucho is a small restaurant with really polite and warm people. The food is just amazing, one of the best I have tried in Pittsburgh. The meat is juicy and so soft, I truly recommended. The corn is just barbecued perfectly.
5_star Dinner was outstanding , service top quality and food 4 stars great place to have a meal
4_star Ordered the turkey egg benedict. Holendaise sauce was different and very good. Had a little spice to it. Breakfast potatoes were very good. Good service.
3_star My boyfriend and I came here for the first time for some gyros and a shawerma. I was disappointed in the gyro. It had way too much sauce and lettuce in it and little meat. It tasted more like a wet salad. The shawerma however, was delicious. It had more than enough meat, the flavor was good and it was very filling. I would highly recommend the lemonade, that was also tasty. Again, opt for the shawerma and skip the gyro!
2_star Hey Meatball! Hey Mediocre! Walking into Hey Meatball! instantly feels like you are walking into your old high school cafeteria. A few two and four person tables are set up, and there's one long 16 person table down the middle, all this in a space that was clearly not built for this many diners. I wasn't entirely sure if we were to seat ourselves or wait for direction. We inquired with the cashier/order taker/owner to find out. I know he was the owner because he told us. For a restaurant that serves all meatballs, all the time, we were surprised to find that there were only three entrée selections on the chalk board and a few side dishes to choose from. Of the four side dishes, two had already been crossed out for the day, leaving a side salad or butternut squash soup. I decided to order the vegetarian eggplant 'meatballs' with polenta and parmesan, and my dining partner ordered the Porky meatballs, (a combination of pork and ground beef) with tomato sauce on spaghetti. Immediately I was told that they were out of polenta and was asked "what would I like it on?" Unsure of my options, even after asking, I replied with "spaghetti," as that was the only thing on the chalkboard that I was sure that they had in stock. We each ordered a homemade cream soda, we were given a number, and we took a seat. Our number was called out about 10 minutes later, and we immediately noticed the disparity in portion size. My eggplant 'meatballs' were served on a huge swirl of very al dente spaghetti, whereas the porky meatballs arrived on what could be considered an order from the children's menu- if there was one that is. The food was good, but not great. The eggplant 'meatballs' had a nice consistency, and were spicy and full of flavor. The tomato sauce that the dish was served with was hearty and not too salty, however I thought that the pasta could have been cooked a little more. The Porky meatballs were excellent, the combination of pork and beef proved to be a hit, however we both found that the tomato sauce served with the meatballs was far too sweet for the savory nature of the dish. The saving grace of the meal was the amazing cream sodas they make fresh on site. They were a throwback to the Jones cream soda that you used to drink as a kid, but without too much fizz. Unfortunately, when the beverage you order to go with your meal is the best part of the experience, you know that there is something missing. Hey Meatball! is missing the warm and friendly atmosphere you would expect to find in a restaurant with a wide open kitchen, communal tables and a chef that endeavors to use ingredients within a 100-mile radius of Toronto. All great qualities to have in a unique restaurant with a unique concept, but here, it just didn't seem to create anything memorable. There was no music playing while we were in, and the gruff reception and fluorescent lighting that made it a little harsh on the eyes made Hey Meatball! mostly a letdown.
5_star My husband and I wanted to celebrate our anniversary pretty low key this year but still enjoyable. We found the Brickyard and it was definitely the best choice! Their tapas (or shareable plates) were delicious! We ordered two kinds of tacos (Chandler Street Tacos and the Pork "Bahn Mi" Tacos) and the Mini Bricks. There was so much flavor in each bite than although they weren't each a full meal (they are tapas after all) we were very satisfied by the time we were finished. Their cocktails were on point too. I would definitely recommend their Margarita, although I'm sure any of their cocktails would be good. Delicious!
4_star Great Thai offerings. Get the Tottie spring rolls. Four tasty rolls that you roll in fresh lettuce, cilantro and mint. Good to share for a couple. Dinner after that will fill you up. Wonderful Asian decore and pretty decent, but not great service.
4_star Definitely was not NY style pizza, but it was so good, I didn't even care. The ingredients were super fresh (we loaded it with peppers, sausage, onions, pepperoni, and I don't even remember what else). Crust was fresh and fluffy, in a good way. Service was nice and friendly, although not as attentive as my group of 5 would have liked. One person at our table actually got up to refill out drinks herself when our cups had been empty for at least 15 minutes -- the place wasn't even half-filled, so not sure what happened there. The pizza definitely made up for that lack. Relaxed vibe, there was another group like ours, a middle-aged couple on a date, and a family, so a great mix of people.
4_star One of the best philly cheese steaks I've had. Have not really had anything else from them, but when I order this is pretty much what I get. They deliver and that is awesome! Really great if you are looking for a philly cheesesteak. They chop the meat up very small and diced though.
2_star like how the rating says "Meh. I've experienced better." The reason we went here is because someone told us that the chef is the same as the Bellagio, which is the one we originally wanted to go.. I've been to the Wynn and Rio buffet before... I think Wynn is the best i've tried so far.. but I heard the Bellagio one is crazy good! I'd say, Aria was OK.. I'd rather go to the Wynn.. Next time.. im going to try the Bellagio one.. maybe its as good as they say.. :T btw.. we also heard the line here was shorter than the bellagio.. actually we didnt have to wait.. it wasnt bad but it wasnt good...
1_star Margarita's Fiesta sounds like it should be a delightful, authentic, and fun Mexican dining experience. I had extremely high hopes for this restaurant. As a self-professed Mexican food addict, I could not wait to try this place out. But unfortunately, Margarita's Fiesta was no party at all. Friday night on Baldwin Street is a lively place with an excess of restaurants, all of them boasting lots of patios, people, music, and conversation; Margarita's is no exception. They have a cozy patio out front, a larger patio on the roof, and tons of colourful umbrellas and luscious plant life. Add in the sounds of the Gypsy Kings, and it's enough to lure anyone in. The restaurant is quaint and decorated with traditional Mexican and Peruvian artwork, and the restrooms are an art gallery in and of themselves, a fitting homage to Mexico's own Frida Kahlo and her incredible self-portraits. Sounds fun! I know! But that was where the fun stopped... When we arrived, we were greeted with a grunt, and then pointed to a table on the lower patio. When we asked if we could be seated upstairs, we were told it was closed, only to see guests seated upstairs within the hour. Not a great first impression... It took a solid 15 minutes before we saw anyone willing to accept our drink order of a pitcher of sangria ($24), which arrived with more ice than wine, a few apple slices, and little flavour. Ever the optimists though, we decided to overlook those and a few small details, and we were anxious to try the food. We decided to start with their 'famous' nacho chips and guacamole, which arrived only minutes after ordering. The quick arrival slightly redeemed the long wait for cold drinks on a hot Friday night, but the fact that plates, or even napkins, were almost impossible to come by brought us back. Apparently, according to our server, cutlery is reserved for the special people that order entrees. Almost a half hour later, we were finally allowed to order our mains, after numerous sidelong glances and polite 'excuse mes' to our server. Between the three of us we ordered the Chicken Taco Salad ($12), Chicken Quesadillas ($11) and Vegetarian Enchiladas ($14), each with a side of salad and/or rice. When our meals finally arrived, they were much smaller than I expected, especially for a Mexican restaurant, which is normally known for their large portions size and abundance of extras like salsa, cilantro, sour cream, hot sauce; none of which found their way to our table. Our meals were okay, but certainly not noteworthy. The taco salad was crispy and fresh, but lacked the colourful palette of ingredients normally found on a taco salad and was overall, a little bland. The quesadilla was small-one tortilla cut in half-with a meagre side salad and no additional toppings to speak of. The enchilada was a decent sized portion, but swam in so much grease and oil, it was difficult to find the substance of the actual meal, whihc was supposedly green peppers, onions and cheese. Overall, we were really quite disappointed with our drinks and our meal. On top of the unfriendly and snail-like service, I was very underwhelmed by my experience at Margarita's Fiesta. If you are looking for a fun, friendly and rewarding Mexican dining experience, be sure to try out Ahora on Dalhousie Street the next time you find yourself in our nation's Capital, which is Ottawa by-the-way;) Until then, I will be on the lookout for a Toronto Mexican restaurant that lives up to what a Mexican restaurant should be.
3_star Overall, our party had a great time here. We loved the atmosphere, our waitress was great, and the wine was quite good. The dish I ordered, however, had to be one of the saltiest concoctions I've ever eaten and was almost inedible. So don't try the Pasta Puttanesca - not that anyone would anyway. The Eggplant Parmigiana was very good, and we ordered seconds on garlic bread due to excessive deliciousness. As far as I can tell, just stay away from the dish I tried and Bellitalia will treat you well.
1_star Unfortunately, my first ever Yelp review is in response to perhaps the worst dining experience I have ever had; which is saying something, considering I've probably averaged 200+ restaurant meals per year over the past 11 years. If this review was about the food, I'd have given it 3 stars - not great, not terrible. We had originally gone to this neighborhood to have some poutine at a neighboring establishment, but there was a significant outdoor wait in -20 Celsius weather, so we came here. Perhaps the wait would have been a more comfortable experience. My wife and I both ordered the "Chinese" style fondue - hers with chicken, mine with thinly sliced beef. The sauces they gave us were just OK. The cooking is up to you, the consumer, so you need to be careful or you may over or under cook your food. The cooking broth was nicely spiced. But the "service" we received was poor, bordering on hostile. I think the waitress was annoyed that we didn't order alcoholic drinks or upgrade to the "feast" option with our meal. After ordering, my wife asked our waitress for a water refill and then waited about 7-10 minutes before we saw her again. We continued to wait for our food without our her checking in on us, until we flagged her down so that we could each get a refill of water.....we waited again for the food and the water (probably another 10 minutes) and I repeatedly made eye contact with this waitress, hoping she would at least bring us the water. But she ignored us, while she tended to other customers....mind you, the water was sitting on a table 7 feet away, but it would be rude/inappropriate to fetch our own water, so we didn't. When she finally served us our water and the meat (but not the cooking broth) portion of the meal she was extremely curt when I asked if she knew when the broth would arrive. Anyway, eventually the broth did arrive and we had an OK meal, but by that point our dinner had been pretty much spoiled. We would have ordered two portions of their probably delicious, but overpriced ($10) chocolate fondue and given her a nice tip had our experience been different. Throughout this ordeal, my wife and I were completely polite and did not say anything cross to our waitress, so I seriously don't get why we were treated the way we were being treated. Alas, we asked for our check and got a somewhat hostile explanation that we couldn't put a gratuity on our credit card. It's just as well, because it made it easier to leave her a $1 cash tip that was probably $1 too much, and a note about the hostile service.
3_star This is a decent thai restaurant with good curries. I think most days are on point, however, I ordered delivery and my curry with chicken had wiered balled up clumps of deep fried ? processed chicken that was so off I couldn't eat it. Not sure what happened here but I recommend eating in.
4_star This is one of my fav restaurants in Pittsburgh. It is a sophisticated yet relaxing, intimate setting and the food matches. Great for a celebratory splurge dinner or a higher end lunch. Their chipotle rubbed pork loin is to die for. And I am not even really a pork loin fan but it is prepared perfectly. Moist, tender and oh so flavorful. Treat yourself and enjoy!!
5_star Fast service, very clean establishment, and great food. The 4 piece chicken basket was more than enough food for one person. You get chicken strips( super tasty), coleslaw, texas toast and a pile of fries. You can tell the food is made to order, it's hot and fresh. The dipping sauce is to die for. I even used it for my fries. Loved the sweet tea! Price was pretty decent too.
3_star We had rice and chicken dishes. The food was tasty but nothing too special. Portions were moderate but filling. The service was fast and the servers were friendly. The menu is quite large and they have a lot of options aside from Pho. The prices were reasonable and two could dine for $20.
3_star Everything was great except for the burgers they are greasy and very charred compared to other stores.
4_star Soooo very good! Ordered takeout and it was both plentiful and fresh! I will return and I do recommend. Thank you Fuji!
1_star We attempted to come for breakfast this morning, but we never made it in. They advertise the opening hours, but don't respect them. We waited 30 minutes outside, payed a parking spot in advance when we got there, but no one ever showed up to open the business.
3_star I love the flatbreads, be it in their sandwiches or pizzas. Good location, free wi-fi, unlimited drinks, relaxing atmosphere. I love the melted sandwiches, especially the pesto chicken sandwich. I also enjoy the bufallo chicken pizza as much. My only complain is that they are too generous with their sauces sometimes, which kinda ruin the pizza and the delicious taste of the flatbread. The prices range from 6-7 for the sandwiches, slightly more for the pizza; which, I must say, a bit too pricey for the types of meals.
5_star Just had a lovely lunch - had to split the spinach salad and a grilled veggie wrap with my partner as we have grown to realize a full meal each will be too much. Each was delicious and nicely presented. Our server was lovely - checking in regularly. We've been for breakfast (solid eggs and omlet fare) and dinners (the turkey burger with turkey bacon was a nice surprise) and every time, the staff has been wonderful and the food has been plentiful and tasty. We look forward to the long drives that take us past there!
1_star Do not order steak or prime rib here. The prime rib, ordered rare, was medium, dry and extremely salty. The rib eye was thinly cut, salty and dry. When I told the waitress, she said the chef said it should not have been and maybe I did something to it, like it was my fault. I felt insulted. The bill was $38.00 so it is pricey. I was very disappointed and would not order anything but wings here.
4_star Just had dinner here last night Got there at 5:15 very few people at this time but did fill up in the next hour. I had the SEAFOOD PAPPARDELLE (shrimp, lobster, scallop, basil, saffron-tomato sauce) $ 30 The bread was fresh but to salty for my taste This was delicious the sauce had good body and had real body with great taste. The large noodles were great with good portions. It was perfect did not over eat and was so good I finished every bit. I would recommend this restaurant and will go back again. Its know as steak house so next time will try the steaks. They also have a brunch maybe will try this. Its located across from the Lucky Dog Restaurant
2_star I don't get the Flying Biscuit Cafe hype. I have eaten there only one time but am not sure I'll go back. It wasn't bad per se but it wasn't great either. I did not like my biscuit - it lacked flavor and was dry. The chicken sausage was meh and the eggs were burned. The grits were pretty good but nothing to write home about. The service wasn't particularly great either. On a side note, I was a little disappointed they have only turkey bacon on the menu. I rarely eat bacon but definitely enjoy a nice thick slab of it with breakfast every now and then. Turkey bacon just doesn't do it for me.
1_star I had high hopes for this place - nearby, cute patio, dog-friendly...it had great potential! But, sadly, they are not accommodating to vegans. At all. We went for happy hour and found out that even the hummus had animal products in it. (yuck) I asked the server if maybe he could check with the chef to see if there was anything they could do for us. But the server (who was actually very nice) came back with a resounding "No." Wow. It has been a while since I've visited a restaurant that would not make ANY effort to accommodate a vegan diet. Lucky for me, there are plenty of other great bars/restaurants that will happily give me something delicious to eat!
1_star Ordered a to go order, and was told it'd be 15-20 minutes. 15-20 minutes turned into 35 minutes. When I called, I specifically asked how long the wait was before I bothered to order. Then when I picked it up after waiting 20 minutes already, it should've been ready. I was obviously upset about the wait and the 3 people I dealt with did not apologize or even pretend to care. I will never go back to cracker barrel again. They don't know customer service and don't care about the customer.
3_star Back to three we go. They brought back the drink that they stopped carrying the time before, they made my meal properly unlike the time before, and this time I didn't see any roaches roaming. It wobbles in quality and reliability, but it's my local go-to cheap Chinese at this point.
1_star I can put on a nose cone and paste feathers all over my body, but I still ain't a bird. Much like Korean grill house can serve up low quality meat that you cook yourself at a table, but it still ain't Korean BBQ. Basically the Mandarin of Korean food. And that's being generous.
5_star Love this place! Good, fresh, reliable sushi! The menu isn't extensive but its good! Great combos and great lunch prices! Nice and cheap! I usually get take out since the dining area isn't the most inspiring but there are tables and chairs to sit and have a bite.
2_star My husband had been there a couple of time for wings and we decided to go there the other night. They were not busy at all, a few people in the bar. Our waitress was friendly enough, although maybe a bit shy. Waitresses are usually better and sell more when they are a bit more outgoing. I ordered the Philly Cheese Steak sandwich with onion rings as a side and was less than impressed. I literally had 6 onion rings (the frozen kind, not fresh) and after each of my kids decided to help themselves to one, I had a huge void on my plate! The sandwich was underseasoned (the meat did not seem to even have been salted) and was so loaded with gritty cheddar cheese that it was difficult to eat. My advise...ditch the chedder and put on a nice white cheese like provelone. The peppers also did not have any flavor. We ordered some chicken fingers for the kids and I had a bite (since I only ate less than half of my sandwich) and let me say, I'm suprised my kid was eating them...they tasted like flour. I also tried one of my husbands wings (he had hot BBQ) and they were not bad. The hand cut fries were also good, although a tad soggy. If you are going to hand cut fries, why not make homemade onion rings too??? Considering that an order of onion rings was $7.50 on the appitizer menu, I would not have expected grocery store frozen rings! We each also ordered a bloody mary and again...not good. The only spice was tabascco, no celery or other flavors at all. Again my advise...don't use regular tomato juice, use a good mix like Zing Zang. All the spices are already in it and all you have to do is add vodka, a splash of tobascco and garnish! The waitress asked if I wanted a box for the other half of my sandwich and I wrinkled my nose and said no. To bad she didn't ask why I didn't want to take it home.
1_star Our hotel mistakenly sent us here but we were vegetarians. Don't go here if you're a vegetarian. They were accommodating however over charged us for veggies and chips.
3_star Foods great! Service poor. Not managed well m, can't turn tables. Carpet in front smells horrific. Furniture and floors need deep clean. Wait staff looks unsanitary, dirty nails and hair. A shame for Rocky River.
1_star On Saturday, December 28th between approximately 6:30pm and around 8:00pm, my wife and I were dining at 80th and Ivy with another couple to celebrate an important event in our lives. As a group we ordered a couple drinks, some burgers, the prime rib and the ravioli. Quite honestly, by the end of the dinner no one in our party recalled how the food tasted and actually a couple of us simply did not eat. After being seated, our waitress was immediately very inappropriate and overly friendly with myself in particular despite it being very clear that I was with my wife. As a matter of fact she did not even acknowledge my wife when she spoke to her, rather she only focused on me. Feeling very uneasy already, my wife and I switched chairs expecting that maybe this would resolve the unusual interaction. It did not. When the waitress came over to take our orders she proceeded to walk right behind me and "caress"/stroke my back from shoulder to shoulder right in front of my wife and our guests. We were absolutely horrified and shocked. What made it worse is she did not even consider her actions to be disrespectful to my wife or myself. Despite being appalled we still ordered our food because we were intent on having a good night out and did not want to cause a scene with our friends there. As noted above, my wife did not even eat, and myself and one other guest barely finished our meals. I honestly cannot provide an assessment of the quality of food...my apologies. It got worse, upon concluding the meal and having our plates taken away the same waitress came back and once again stroked my back and shoulders. This was not a simple light touch, this was an intentional rub of my shoulders. I moved away from her in disgust and looked at her like she must have been insane, and my wife demanded to just receive the bill. My wife asked her what her name was and the waitress replied that it was "L****, and why?", and raised her voice and asked "what it was she was doing wrong?"...strangely, if a similar action had taken place with a female guest or a similar event had occurred in an office in downtown Calgary I do not expect anyone would have been wondering, "what it was she was doing wrong?" We told her what she was doing wrong, clearly offered no tip, but paid our full bill nevertheless. Upon conclusion of the transaction she looked at the receipt, which was around $140, threw it on the table and she proceeded to walk away and talk about us with her other staff members and an individual who appeared to be the manager. At this point no one else came over to discuss our concerns. We left and pleasantly enjoyed a coffee with our friends at a different establishment. We will not be returning to this restaurant or any other establishment operated by its parent company and certainly will not be recommending it to our friends, family and coworkers.
4_star The plan for the day was to sashay the Strip. So all of my friends that hadn't been here before suggested to walk from one end to the other. Thank goodness we did because we decided to eat at this pizza spot first. We arrived around 11 am and a line had already formed to eat this famous pizza, but the line moved pretty quickly and our party of nine didn't have to wait longer than 20 minutes. The cool thing is that this restaurant is located in the Fashion Show Mall, so I can window shop. The pizzas were a good size, we ordered three large pies. 1) The classic Margherita 2) White pizza (no tomato sauce) with garlic and mushrooms 3) Tomato sauce based pizza with Italian sausage, pepperoni, and olives All pizzas were good, with a thin crust and not too soggy. My personal favorite was the white pizza. So simple yet very flavorful! I wouldn't say this is the best pizza I have ever had but it's definitely something you should try. Expect your experience to be quick, we ordered the pizzas and were in and out in less than an hour. You'd have to expect a quick dining experience especially if a line is waiting outside.
2_star mediocre, nothing special, server was a kid who knew very little. Food was bland, uninspired and it wasnt cheap. Probably targeted at the Rubes who come for the winter from the upper midwest. Wont go back
2_star This place has an absolutely horrible policy with high chairs and boosters... They are kid unfriendly...the food is ok and prices are ok. The service is also slow... I will not come here again!!!
4_star Didn't know what to expect before going to this restaurant. Drove by it plenty of times but never went in. Friend and I were craving sushit so we decided to give this place a try. Pleasant atphosephere and cosy. Family owned. Food and service were good providing we were the only ones there. Food quality was good and tastey Will defiantly go back. Ps- place does take out, a lot people came in for pick up while we were there. **We had sushi and teriyaki **
2_star This place gets 2 stars instead of 1 because the food was eatable and I did not get sick. That is about it. My experience here was one of the worst in Las Vegas. The pastrami is mediocre at best. It is extremely salty. I assume this is because it is fried in the same grease as the burgers and the mixture causes additional salt to be added. The garlic fries don't actually have any chopped garlic or the like. They are bathed in garlic salt. So disappointing. Further, the person working was extremely rude. I asked for some water -- you would think that after spending 17.00 on a burger and fries that they would let you have a cup of water. No, she wanted me to buy a bottle for 2.00. Her excuse was that they had no filter so they could not serve tap water. Overall, avoiding this place will save you disappointment and 20.00+ dollars per person. Lots of better places to eat.
5_star Fried chicken was out of this world! Juicy yet not overly greasy. Shredded chicken bowl was flavorful but not too spicy, surprisingly. Definitely good for those that can't take the heat. The cashier was great at giving tips for my first time visit, and all employees were bilingual. This location is clean and well lit at night. Will be back!
1_star This is my third time coming here thinking that things would change every time but all I've ever said about this place is...worst service ever. The service was really slow... The quality of the food is not up to par with other AYCE sushi places. I asked for a cola and received a dirty cup along with it. The waiter did not seem happy to be there and ignored us until we asked where our other dishes were. 10% gratuity is automatically added to the bill!! No wonder they give horrible service. I felt sick right before paying. Never again.
5_star This place is awesome. Besides the excellent food (the berry bites are insanely good), the staff is super friendly. Props to Thomas, that guy knows hospitality. Go get yourself a Big @SS slice, some wings, and save room for berry bites (everybody has to try them once)!
3_star Decent prices and the food is okay. We got the fried mozzarella, garlic bread, and lasagna. Mossarella was good and so was the bread. The lasagna had a little too much cheese for my liking but that is only one dish, the other dishes might be good. I did have quite the stomach ache after eating here which I read in some of the other reviews. That could be from any number of things though. There are too many other places to eat to give it a second chance. If on a budget then I recommend this place, otherwise I would find a different italian place.
1_star Highly not recommended. 1. Sushi rice was as thick as a pillow 2. The sashimi on top of the rice pillow was poorly sliced with rips and tears on it 3. Sushi was warm 4. Waitress didn't even know what they were serving..reminded her our eel sushi hadn't come yet. . And she pointed to a random sushi already on the table and claimed that to be the eel 5. The only thing to compliment was the mango pudding dessert Overall, ranked lowest of the ayce Japanese restaurants I've been to.
3_star My coworkers kept on raving about this place so I had to go check it out. Maybe my tastes are just different, but I was not all that impressed. Apparently the place has won awards for it's Thanksgiving themed turkey sandwich, which I got, but I found the sandwich to be passable - nothing spectacular. Food was decent, service was so-so, and I think everything was a tad overpriced. I mean if you're tired of the normal chains like Subway, Quizno's, etc... going to a "mom and pop" shop like this one may break the monotony, but this one is actually a chain too...
4_star I have been to this location a number of times. They make some great breakfast dishes. My favourite is the French Toast with White Chocolate. It has such an amazing flavour. One time I order this and they gave me the White Chocolate that was so watery and for sure not chocolate. I returned the little cup and they provided me with a new one. Just one word of warning, this chocolate should be thick, however on this visit it wasn't. I can see how this place gets busy on weekends. Ive been pretty lucky since small parties can be seated very quickly with only a few minutes of waiting. The second last time I was there, they had 2 Fergie songs on repeat that was playing throughout the restaurant. It was pretty funny, they must only like those 2 songs. I saw people getting annoyed but Im not sure if anyone complained.
1_star Second time I had there food because they're like the only ppl who deliver around here. WORST FOOD. The lo mein is good though
1_star The restaurant was completely full when we decided to eat here. So we waited for about 3-5 minutes... service wasn't so great, we had to go up to give our order. My friend and I ordered 2 drinks: - red bean and matcha with tapioca bubble tea? (not sure) - matcha latte (was too sweet) Then we shared the: - seafood pancake - oyster pancake Both of them weren't so great, especially the oyster pancake...I swear, there was no oyster in it... we only saw lettuce and the pancake looked like a glutinous mess. It was just horrible. The seafood pancake was a little better, but it had noodles in it as well and the shredded dry pork on top of the noodles were SO salty. Then we had dessert: - raspberry mango cheesecake (it was not cheesecake) - tiramisu (worst tiramisu ever) I think both of these desserts were store bought. The descriptions on the menu were incorrect as well. The "cheesecake" was just raspberry and mango mousse with a bit of sponge cake. The "tiramisu" was basically whipped cream, sponge cake, and some cocoa powdered on top. Then we went up to pay and noticed the horrifying colours of their macarons... they did not look natural at all. It looked like they were drenched in food dye. They also looked very inconsistent, in terms of the filling of the cream. We just had a bad experience here and I don't normally write bad reviews... but I'm not coming here again. I honestly will not recommend this place to anyone I care about.
5_star This is hands down my favorite Vietnamese restaurant. I've been coming here about twice a week for the last 4 years. The service is prompt and the food is awesome! My favorite dishes are the rice vermicelli, crispy spring rolls, pork chops, vegetarian pho.... Ok I love everything on the menu. The building doesn't look like much on the outside but don't let that deter you from enjoying the best Vietnamese food Charlotte has to offer. I come during lunch and my food arrives in 5 minutes. Love love this place!!!!!!
4_star Pro: good price, really big portion, looks clean, tasty Con: slow and long waiting, =( Overall good experience except the long waiting again.
2_star Cute place in a good little neighborhood however this was not my favorite breakfast spot . My husband and I stopped by to order omelette and traditional French toast. I was very excited to eat there since I had heard lots of hype about the place. When we got our food I was highly disappointed by the cold potatoes that were given to me. Also, the omelette was meh... Considering all the yummy breakfast options on Melrose, this place is not my first choice.
5_star Vero has come really far in a short time. It is not nearly as awkward as it had been in the past when they were first opening. The food is always incredible, you can't go wrong with any of your selections. A few months back we ordered a cheese and meat appetizer and there was honey made from blueberry flowers WHAAAAAT?? Delicious! I inquired where to get this honey and apparently it comes from the dishwasher's uncle's apiary. I guess what I'm trying to say is these people don't mess around with their ingredients. Don't ever go here if you are in a rush to go somewhere, they will probably make you late. Settle in and enjoy your experience at Vero.
5_star Came here in pursuit of a local small coffee shop that ain't Starbucks! It's very homey- the table tops are made out of wood grain and the atmosphere is very relaxed. The cashier is all smiles. You think there are only three tables but you look to your left and there's a whole other seating space to take advantage of. I came here right before the said happy hour and got a medium cappuccino sprinkled with hot chocolate powder for $3.75 (with tax). I saw that they also offered breakfast items that are similar to Bluestone Lane in NYC, like the avocado smash bagels and avocado eggs Benedict. The drinks are all under $4, but the price of the menu items seem to make up for the difference. A fruit cup will set you back $5. However, my friend ordered a bagel and it was served on a nice platter. Good service and good environment. Bring a friend and have a coffee chat! It's quiet in the afternoon.
1_star This place is lucky that Peoria doesn't have the competition that places like Old Town or Westgate have. The service was terrible when we got it, the food (or at least what they felt like bringing us) was awful, and I waited almost an hour for a basketball game to be turned on while the staff and management messed around behind the bar. I love the bar in Old Town and this place had about 10% of the foot traffic and just couldn't keep up. I'd wait until this place shuts down (which it will) and hope that the new place can deliver.
3_star Picked up a few samosas to go. It was nice of them to throw in free sauces ( Mint , tamarind?) Any how.... YAY- for the Samosas Nay -for the sauces with food color in it
2_star Good Service, great Sushi, Horrible clientele. Its unfortunate the crowd that is drawn here because it's a beautiful room and the service was fantastic, I ordered the Chefs choice (served in a boat for about $25 or so) and was treated to some great Sushi. The room was full of douchbags and assholes that crowded my table in a "standing room only" approach to mindlessly pounding Sake bombers. Shame, if it could only move away from the heart of the douchbag kingdom of Scottsdale and get a chance to serve up that great Sushi with a crowd looking to truly enjoy it.
3_star I had a disastrous experience here after placing a to-go order online. They didn't have my order ready when I got there and then lost track of it for ~20 minutes. They then tried to give me food that ha been sitting, ready to go, for 15+ minutes. When I refused, they looked at the times and decided to remake the order. The whole process took me 30 minutes to pick up a to-go order that should have taken less than 5 min. The only reason I give them 3 stars as opposed to 1 or 2 is because the manager came by and apologized and the staff was very apologetic as well.
3_star Not much to look at, but if you are looking for an easy going bar with a $2 happy hour everyday from 2-9pm. Tavern is the place to go.
2_star I'm a fan of Chuck's TV personality but didn't have too-high expectations about this place. And even still, it certainly did disappoint! (Then again, it could have just been a general letdown after the euphoria of eating at Au Pied Du Cochon the night before... but more on that in another review). Anyway, let's start with the atmosphere: we had the earliest reservation available (5:30pm; not by choice) and felt like we were intruding on a casual hangout. One of the servers was DJing via laptop behind the bar. I'm usually not this critical but come on, this is an "exclusive" restaurant, have a damn soundtrack or at least surf YouTube somewhere you can't be seen. The other thing - the bartender told us the cocktail specials - one was something with a vodka base; behind her were varied top-shelf vodkas. We were sitting at the bar so we saw her make the actual cocktail, and it was made with Smirnoff. Not a classy move, guys. Hide that stuff if you're gonna do it. Onto the food. It just wasn't very good. Tasted fresh enough, but not special or delicious by any means. The lobster poutine had like half a piece of lobster on it. We got the smaller portion and she said it wouldn't have big pieces, but it barely had ANY pieces. And the broth didn't taste very rich or lobstery either - it wasn't even salty enough. The mushroom tart we got tasted fresh but BLAND. Really bland. The bison tartare was quite good. That's all we had. The desserts didn't sound very appetizing. What a disappointment -- not to mention that this place is located in the horse-smelling touristy "old" village. Avoid it.
2_star Similar to Michelle M., really wanted to like this place. Should have been a red flag immediately when my wife and I were scanning the menu wondering..."so, what exactly are they known for?" The menu is a hodge podge of asian, seafood, meats and italian options. My "house manhattan" was absolutely watered down. The sweet potato gnochi was good enough, but the pork chop cooked "medium" was tough and dry with very little flavoring. No signs of any almonds in the almond couscous either. The server didn't even check in to see how the meal was progressing, just a quick "can I get you another beer" (I had a manhattan). Overall, really poor service and very mediocre food priced at a premium.
1_star We moved from Michigan and were craving some Arabic food. My husband and I came to eat here but were beyond disappointed. All the dishes were poorly seasoned and the portion size was tiny compared to the price. We would have gladly paid the price if the food was any good, but this wasn't the case. After a few months many friends have told us that the place had improved tremendously and we just had to give them a try again . So against our better judgment we went back. The portions have improved but the food was still sub par. The vegetables that came with our entrees were boiled instead of being grilled and included celery. Kinda tasteless and unappealing. The variety meat platter was overcooked and all the meat except the chicken was dry as the bottom of a shoe. The only thing that was semi tasty was the salad, that came with the meal. Needless to say we will not be going back.
1_star Worst service ever. Slow, then fave my I order to someone else. Need I say more. Well actually I guess I do. I mean how can you screw up an order for a single empenada? Which by the way are small, expensive and not really all that tasty
5_star Great burger black and bleu Fries good but not fresh cut Shrimp cocktail excellent and great homemade horseradish Ice cream sandwich cheap at $3 not bad but straight from the box nothing special Service and burger both excellent
3_star Quite a scene here. Consistent with other reviews, we weren't seated until an hour after our reservation time. Which meant I dropped about $100 at the bar waiting. As the night gets later, the crowd really pours in. I couldn't wait to get to our table. The amount of dudes standing around gawking at the women was ridiculous. I don't know if the cheese dick bus stopped off but some of the people here were straight out of central casting for 'Night at the Roxbury' Overall, my dining experience was good. I thought the food was good considering its Vegas and everything here seems to be a knock off of an respectable restaurant elsewhere in the country. The service was SLOW, but I can't blame our server, it was hectic in there.
4_star Really wonderful spot. Delicious, flavourful, authentic Thai food. The decor is unique and fun and service was great, too. I've been numerous times and have always enjoyed everything.
1_star I sent back my chicken fried steak: too overdone, crispy and salty and with a weird also-too-salty almost tartar sauce-like "gravy." The entire place is just old, stinky and trashy. Just no.
3_star Dear Foodies, Normally when I write reviews they are about the alcohol and food that I enjoy at the establishment. However, this time around I only enjoyed the delectable cans of beer here at Short Leash because we ate elsewhere before stumbling over to this place during First Friday. I had the Coconut Porter in a can and it blew my hair back. I also tried a yummy Pilsner that they have in a can as well. Their beers on tap or not that adventurous or exciting to me so I opted for can and was very happy. I will return to eat the food there; it smelled and looked amazing as the servers walked the food to the tables behind me.
5_star Great food great service. You will always enjoy this place. Try the whiskey river burger. It's great.
2_star I went there thinking it was a restaurant but it's moreso designed as a take out place with restaurant seating. I had the large chicken burrito and refried beans. the chicken wasn't anything special and wasn't even filling and the refried beans was more like bean soup on a plate. It's way too over priced for what you're actually getting. The food pics on their facebook page look NOTHING like the real deal and I was pretty upset that guacomole costs $6 for a 100mL container with no tortillas.
3_star This is the second time I have visited the restaurant. The menu has definitely been pared down, but if asked what was removed, I couldn't tell you since nothing stood out that time, much like this time. The restaurant is lovely and I like the mood lighting. The service was friendly and great. Too bad the food was only okay. I got the Lychee Martini to start. I was pleasantly surprised that it actually came with three rather large lychees, which are always a plus in my book. Since I came with some friends, I was able to try out a bunch of different foods: Oysters: I've had better, but I definitely liked how it was served on those Asian soup spoons. Makes eating them a lot easier Kim-chi fried rice: I did not see, nor tasted, any kim chi. I was rather disappointed. Noodle-wrapped shrimp: Awesome! It was crunchy and the sauce was yummy. If I come back, I'm definitely ordering this. Vivaneau and hamachi kama: I honestly don't remember how these tasted. So that must say something. Rib eye Korean BBQ: it was a little flavorless. It's no Honey Pig or Sura BBQ, but neither was I expecting it to be. It was a little pricey for the amount we got, but then again, I am used to the all-you-can-eat variety. Roast duck: I was pleasantly surprised about how tasty it was. My friend did ask for some hoisin or plum sauce, but they don't serve it with nor did they have any. But I was happy without it. This was also a bit pricey for the amount of duck. Overall, it's a decent restaurant. I love trying new things and was excited to see what fusion tapas are. Unfortunately, the food was only so-so, aside from the noodle-wrapped shrimp. But if you're in the area, and have a coupon (or similar), it may be worth trying.
3_star Not what I expected......service was great very friendly and sweet servers but I don't think you're getting what you're paying for. The food was good but not good enough for $40 a plate. The chips and salsa were good though. It's really nothing special.
4_star Good pizza...not deep dish Chicago style, but good.. Big salads. Good gyro. Quick delivery. Zero complaints.
1_star Terrible overly salty food and overpriced. I paid $10 for inedible kung Pao when I could have spend the same money at panda express and gotten 3 different entrees that are much more consistent in flavor. If you are looking for a fast cheap meal, look elsewhere.
5_star Come to this place! You get to grill your own beef (which is a lot of fun) and the staff is very friendly and attentive. They also have lit music
2_star Portions are tiny, and quality just isn't there for the prices that they charge. Great service though.
5_star This little gem is definitely worth the drive, I would love to keep it my little secret, but the food, atmosphere, & service is too good to not share!
1_star I used to order from this place a ton but the service has gotten so horrible it's not worth it. They generally take over an hour to deliver no matter the time or day. Each of the last 4-5 times I have ordered delivery they have forgotten something. Tonight they forgot both marinara sauce and a 2 liter of soda. They have at times changed the drink because they didn't have the one I ordered and didn't think to tell me until they were at the door. One time they gave me frozen mozzarella sticks. When I called to let them know they accused me of lieing and screamed at me. It took them over an hour to bring cooked ones, by this time I didn't even want them. The only saving grace is that the pizza is decent. It's not good enough to keep ordering from this place. If I could give it zero stars I would. Edit: I tried this place one last time. I had bank card fraud the following day after not using my card for anything else for the past 3-4 days. They also delivered the worlds worst pizza. See image here. http://i.imgur.com/FQ0OHen.jpg?1
1_star We were here Sunday night. I have to say the service was good. The hype for food way over rated and over priced. Won't be going back at all
3_star Honestly, the food is very mediocre but the service was quite fast. Ordered a filet mignon medium rare without bacon - the first time they gave me my steak wrapped in bacon, I pointed out the mistake and the waiter changed my plate for a filet mignon without bacon... but cooked very rare. Overall, the service was okay, our waiter was very nice but the food is just simply not that tasty. Better communication in the kitchen (and better chefs) would improve the overall dining experience.
4_star Great food and the apps are amazing. Good beer selection as well. Jamie our waitress was super fast and nice. When we arrived we didn't see the hostess stand, so walked in and sat down. Robert, a waiter was a complete jerk and told us we needed to go and wait in line for a table. There was no line. We walked back up to hostess, she sat us immediately. Robert needs some help on how to treat customers.
1_star I went the there yesterday and order a California burrito and it had lots of pico de Guyo with some potatoes and very little of carne asada in the burrito and when I called to let them know all what they said is so what do you want me do do about it
4_star Great food, service was a little slow but everyone was friendly. Lamb sausage burger was out of this world
5_star This is my favourite place for eggs benedict in YYC. While waits can be longer on the weekend for brunch because it's such a cosy small little nook, you know it's worth the wait because it's insanely good. Handily enough, they can contact you via phone when your table is ready, and conveniently there's a Starbucks just down the road to grab a cup of joe from. Usually by the time I have one, the table is ready to go. For the eggs benny I sometimes add avocado just for that extra fattening creaminess, but for the amount of times I eat it, it's worth it to go big Benny or go home. The result is fabulous - the bun, hollandaise, everything is delicious and goes great with the seasoned hashbrowns. I have no time for snapping pics of this incredible breakfast because once it arrives, it's too darn good to be frittering your time away with filters and such. Just enjoy it.
1_star Very underwhelming food, and the service is terrible. I used to be a Top Shelf fan, but no more. If you want to go to a Mexican themed sports bar, then this is your place. Otherwise, seek out another place that actually cares about quality food and customer service.
1_star I think this is the worst Thai food I've had in the US. Made reservations with high hopes and came away very disappointed. The fried Flounder was inedible and even the waiter agreed and removed it from our bill after we pointed it out. Drunken noodles were average at best and the red curry tasted like a instant sauce not one made from scratch. Service was non-existent. Our waiter sat us and never came back so we had to flag down passing staff for everything we needed - ordering, drinks, the bill. It was very frustrating.
4_star Naka OUT! What a great experience, I have not enjoyed an AYCE sushi experience like this in years. I was the first customer at Sushi in Summerland and a weekly visitor for 7 years, till the original owner sold the location and left for Henderson. After he left, the location took a fast and steady decline. I have spent the last 5 years in sushi limbo, trying one place after another. Then I found Naka Sushi! Not only is the original owner of Sushi in Summerland in the kitchen, the namesake Naka is behind the counter serving up the best quality and variety of AYCE I have had in years. The restaurant is well staffed and Naka is crazy fast with a happy go lucky attitude that is a breath of fresh air. You have to appreciate a Chef that is willing to say no when ordering an item because he does not feel it is up to par. When was the last time that happened in an AYCE Sushi Restaurant? My biggest thrill was enjoying some of their kitchen specialties I enjoyed years ago, but have been unable to find equal; Spicy Baby Octopus, Dynamite, Green Mussels, HOT Shrimp Heads, Etc. With the talent running this Restaurant, I would expect to spend the next 7 years back in AYCE Sushi Heaven! FYI. I joined Yelp just to post this review, so you know this comes from the heart!
1_star The meal is ok but I am not happy about the staffs. When dj was playing, we were dancing, I saw a guy who is recording the video while zooming on the legs and.... I called the waitress and asked her to tell him we are not comfortable that you record us. He doesn't stop and waitress told me that he is the manager and I can't do anything. I don't know where they will use those videos but be aware of it.
2_star Ok, for an $8.50 large pepperoni pizza it's ok, you'll have to add garlic salt or something to it, it's a little on the bland side, a little greasy, if you have kids these are perfect to throw at them. If you want something tasty in the area, spend the extra dollar and call Rocco's on monday night for their 9.99 pickup special. On a 1-10 for pizza this pizza from express was about a good 4, not bad but nothing to go back for again.
3_star 1. Pad thai - Not ketchup-based or too sweet. Mine was salty but it would've been good if it was less salty. Not spicy. Comes with shrimp and chicken. 2. Vermicelli with spring roll, shrimp on sugar cane - Spring rolls were small and over-fried. Shrimp on sugar cane was bigger than other places.
4_star The food might be organic (and it's really, really tasty) but they really have to do something about the smell of the new furniture/finishes. It's bad - incredibly bad. I had to wait about 10 minutes for a table last week and decided to wait outside, in the freezing cold, rather than continue to breathe in whatever it was. It's off-gassing something terrible. Otherwise, I had the elk burger and it was delicious. The fries were OK, the onion rings were pretty good, and the fried chicken was quite tasty. But there's no way I'm going back until all of the off-gassing is done.
2_star Arriving at this restaurant, my boyfriend and I thought that we were going to be in for a real treat. The customer service was fabulous and it had a very classy style, just the type of place you would want to order gourmet, delicious food at. Granted, we knew the prices were expensive, but we figured we would be paying for what we got. The unfortunate thing about restaurants is regardless of the customer service and decor, the food is the point of going there. If you are not going to get a steak (that ranges from $30-$50), this is not the place for you. We ordered the strangest Asian calamari, let me tell you calamari was NEVER meant to be Asian. Then, the "soup of the day" consisted of the strangest smell and taste--bad Mexican rice. The menu is pretty disappointing and it seems that they do not understand what flavors go well together. I even saw a seared Ahi Tuna dish topped with red chili peppers...talk about weird. The only reason I would give it two stars is because the service was IMPECCABLE. Also, the ambience was very nice, perfect lighting and perfect decorations.
4_star This place is still delicious. Breakfast runs a little slow but my steak and eggs was worth it. My waiter was super friendly. The only downfall is that it is no longer 24 hours. The 24 hour place is the burger restaurant that you have to leave the hotel and enter in from the strip.
3_star Amazing food, beautiful patio (inside is super noisy) and the scallops are divine - I would second guess an evening there because if the service.
5_star Boardwalk Billys is our favorite place to eat for two main reasons. Sadie and Amanda. While the food is very good and the outdoor dining is the best in town, nothing beats being greeted like an old friend and valued customer. It makes our day when we are greeted by Sadie who always has a big smile and a high energy personality that just lights a person up. Amanda is awesome as a server. The glass is never less than half full and she always remembers the little things such as additional bbq sauces for the bbq sandwich. Barrett is the new GM and we have seen a huge difference in not only the food but also the staff. We eat there a couple times a week and have always been taken well care of and leave totally relaxed and well fed.
5_star If there is one thing I learned during my trip to Montreal, it's that if you have to wait for it, it's probably worth it. The line was two the door when we stepped in, and soon after spilled on to the sidewalk. The food is divine--I had a sandwich (La Paryse) that was overflowing with complex flavors, and my friends all had hamburgers. We all agreed that it was the best meal that we enjoyed during our ten day trip. The atmosphere is great, too. The dining room is well lit and colorful, and they give you crayons to use while you wait for your food. It was a wonderful dining experience.
4_star The shroom burger was great. Fries great. Chocolate stout shake definitely not chocolate, more like a a horchata shake. Great selection of beers and sodas. But man, it is the land of confusion trying to just get to your table. Let us seat ourselves Mr. Hopdoddy. What happens if you're meeting a group? Do you have to arrange to get there at the same time so you can go through the line together? Too much stress when I'm just looking to dip some fries in that tasty chipotle ketch. I love this place but dear lord, such a ridiculous ordering/seating process. I felt like I was at an airport that played cool music. All that being said, I'll probably eat here 100 more times because the food was great and I dig on anxiety.
5_star Great service clean fast and Zachary even cleaned up my spilled mess and replaced with new drink. Ordered to take home after meal. In and out quickly. Perfection.
5_star BBQ so good you won't even want the excellent sauces! Nice quiet out of the way place with a little bar. You won't be disappointed!
4_star My GF and I LOVE to eat here as part of our rotation of favorite eateries in the Scottsdale area (or vicinity). They always produce consistent quality food with a wide selection of Japanese & Chinese dishes, which we appreciate. The staff is always friendly and the service is quick. The prices are decent.. this place is definitely a GO!
4_star It's pretty good for the burgers. The fries though weren't good. Seemed like they were frozen. The have a nice bar area. And even an outdoor area. Once the weather is better that will be great!
2_star As I was sitting waiting for take out recently, I had to double-check that I had reviewed this Tan Lac before. No, I was mistaken and suprised. We had had a terrible experience before with the service and I'm pretty diligent and prompt about posting either rave or rough reviews. The layout is a bit strange with a table segregated and close to the front door, but one deals with what they have the best they can. Tasty vegetarian- friendly food. The veg Pho (Pho Chay) is delicious. Service is either very slow and/or confused. We've waited for takeout 20 minutes longer than predicted only to walk home with someone else's order. We've dined in, only to have one of our meals arrive 15 minutes after the other, all while other tables are seated, served and have left. No apologies. Good food, many times, requires a wait, that's understandable. I don't think this place is staffed appropriately. After 5 tries with some sort of service issue, I don't think the taste is enough to bring us back.
4_star The food has a wonderful blending of flavors. Craig was our server and he was very attentive. My husband has allergies and the kitchen was very careful on the ingredients in each dish. It is more than we normally pay for burgers - but these are gourmet, a real treat. We would definitely come back.
2_star if i could rate this purely on taste, they would have gotten 4 or 5. i ordered the tandori and samosa. taste was good but it was very expensive and didnt come with anything but the entree. IT HAD NO RICE OR NAN ORANYTHING! whatkind indian restaurant serves food without damn rice. a small side order of rice is 4.50. WTF?! i came in with a friend and we were the only 2 people inside the ''diner." truthfully honestly, the 2 owners watched us every second we were in there. they watched when we ate watched when we paid, watched every single fukn minute we were in there. very uncomfortable. stupid place. great taste
5_star With out question the GREATEST sandwich in the world. I travel to Las Vegas at least once a month for business and I come out of the way to eat here EVERY time. In the past few years I've lived in California, Michigan, and I currently live in Arizona. Simply nothing compares to this place. I've ordered the #16 every time this year. Hot turkey, cream cheese, bomb sauce, avocado, Dutch crunch bread.... The best I've never had anything else, but everyone I bring here orders something different and they love it too!
3_star When they day 9pm, they mean 9pm. Pizza was a 2 stars - nothing special. Wings were too salty. Beer was the only part that made it worthwhile - dark IPA.
1_star I had a very traumatizing experience at the Steak N Shake in Robinson Town Centre 1951 Park Manor Blvd, Pittsburgh, PA 15205. I had ordered 2 milkshakes via the drive thru and was told to pull up and wait for them. 20 minutes went by and I still had not received my milkshakes. I went into the restaurant to discover the cashier had "lost" my credit card. They said they couldn't find it anywhere (this was an hour ordeal). So I had to cancel my card. Next day they found it but didn't even have the courtesy to inform me. What a big headache and hassle. I had called corporate immediately on Sunday night but it's been past 48 hours and they STILL HAVE YET TO RESPOND TO SITUATION. POOR CUSTOMER SERVICE. I will never step foot in a Steak and Shake again!!!
5_star We went in to have their smoked wings which are the best wings in the city and found out they are participating in the Winterlicious. We decided to try the Winterlicious dinner and we were extremely happy that we did. It was difficult to make a choice from the menu but we chose the PEI muscles in smoked tomatoe sauce and piri piri Chicken. The food was phenomenal! The muscles were plump and juicy, the sauce they were in was delicious, and the chicken was crispy on the outside tender and moist on the inside. We highly recommend you try the winterlicious menu or anything else on their regular menu you will not be disappointed. i'll be back!!!
4_star I love the chocolate chip pancakes and the protein omelet! Breakfast just like mom used to make it!
5_star Every time I come here it's a good experience! Everything is delicious from the pizza puffs to the gyro and the dogs ! Would definitely recommend coming here if you want some Chicago style food ! And their cheese cake on a stick is amazing
2_star First try for breakfast here. The service was good with plenty of staff to help. The food on the other hand was just so-so. I had a skillet breakfast that was made from a can with little to no flavor and an overload of potatoes. My pancakes were heavy and had a bad batter taste, eggs were undercooked. The pportions were big, but who wants to eat a lot of bad food? Probably will not return with so many better places in the Scottsdale area.
3_star This past year I have been here more then I can remember. Not by my choice, but because my co-workers prefer this place over Superior Pho. It's typical Pho. Not the best, but not the worse I have ever had. I usually like getting the P5, but the tripe pieces are always too big. Maybe I will just stick with the rare beef and meat balls next time. The broth is not bad. I wish they would supply more hoisin and Sriracha sauce. Sometimes the small plate they give is not enough. My friends always have to take some from my supply, luckily I don't mind sharing. My friend tried the chicken broken rice dish today and was disappointed. The meat was very very dry. I recommend staying with the grilled pork when eating the vermicelli or broken rice dishes. I'm a big fan of summer rolls. Too bad they don't serve it with the traditional peanut sauce. It comes with hoisin sauce and crushed peanuts. Their bubble tea is ok. Prob not something I would come here just to order. The staff/service are always nice. One waiter always remembers my friends order. One time we walked in and he had a diet coke a few minutes later on the table, without ever placing the order. Would I come back? Sure.
5_star Service and food was amazing!! Our server named Gerber was so sweet and treated our table of four like royalty! Would definitely come back for the smiles all around as well as the smiles in our burritos! Once again Gerber was amazing hope to have him again as a server!
3_star Afte reading about this place in an alumni newsletter, I went here on a night for a quick dinner and loved their korean tacos. However, I kept adding their kimchi to it as well (here's a few menu improvement idea). Good place, slightly above-price-range for other Korean food in North York (e.g. vs Yonge-Finch area) but atmosphere and customer service levels make up for that.
5_star Growing up in an asian family, mum is always making pasta with soy sauce or something asian. This place gives that a whole new meaning, using uniquely japanese ingredients with italian. We ordered the uni(urchin) tomato pasta and the squid ink pasta. Both were nothing less than amazing! Often, pasta can get a little sickening and oily, but not the ones from here. The urchin was creamy and fresh and works ridiculously well with a tomato based spaghetti. The squid ink was strong and flavoursome with fresh seafood, loved it! Maybe I'm biased because I'm asian, but this place is like every asian mums pasta on steroids. Gonna have to up your game mum...
4_star Got to experience this fabulous place the other day. It was around 3:30pm (the odd not lunch yet not dinner time) so we were the only ones in there. The waitress was super nice and very friendly. The Papas a la Huancaina are fantastic ad I found myself not wanting to stop eating them, the Seco was to-die-for. IT's slow cooked beef (fall apart) in a broth/sauce and served with white rice and beans. My friend had the chicken fried rice off the chinese menu and even that was delicious. Sure, it's $10 for a plate, but I got TWO very healthy servings out of it. I ate myself silly and then brought home enough leftovers to eat just as big of a portion the next day. I don't care about the decor, nor what it looks like. It was clean and the food was delicious, that's all I care about. So, good job Little Dumpling, I'm definitely going there again before I leave in a few days. And I may perhaps beg for your Seco recipe.
3_star This is a very cool new bar and restaurant. The atmosphere is fantastic, but I can't recommend the food. On our first visit, we got the giambotta: the pork was very salty, and the chimichurri was even saltier. Worse, I kept pulling out unchewable pieces of gristle--AWKWARD! We decided to give it another try, but the second time was not the charm. The chicken parmigiana sandwich my sister tried was overcooked and REALLY dry, the sugary sauce tasted like it came out of a jar, and the Mac and cheese side was soupy. Based on a previous review, I had the build-your-own ham and cheese, which was nothing special. Yawn. Again, great atmosphere and beer selection, but we will not be ordering food here again.
2_star I went to this place as part of my monthly east valley dining out group as it came highly recommended by the person who organizes our dinners. Even though we arrived as a party of 12, they still would not take a reservation even though they were aware well in advance that we would be there. So, after about a 45 minute wait, we were finally seated.......and that's when the "fun" began. It took about 20 minutes just for drinks to be served...and only sporatically. I myself had to ask for my iced tea twice as well as asking for sweet & low and lemon, twice. I believe it took the waitress about 20 minutes just to take our orders. Orders came out incomplete, missing items, some appetizers burnt beyond comsupmtion. I ordered the blue crab as did another member of our party. We each had a "dead" crab, meaning no meat inside. To compensate, they substituted the dead crab with a pound of snow crab legs. Come to find out, they simply canceled the Blue crab order @ $13.25 & charged for the snow crab @ $15.00. I felt this was unfair as it was not my fault the 2nd crab was bad. To top off the dining nightmare, one person in our party was charged for the entire party on his debit card. They voided it and then charged the correct amount but in the meantime, there was almost $300.00 on my friends account being held hostage for someone's stupid mistake of not paying attention to what the hell they were doing. It had an atmosphere more like a sports bar than a restaurant. The food was......meh at best. I would recommend if trying your luck at this place, to pay in cash. Otherwise, you'll be left broke till they decide what the mistake was and fix it.
1_star Counter service. The people that deliver the food ask if you need anything else, but don't mean it. We didn't know where the silverware and napkins were so when they dropped of our food, we asked for utensils. She said, "they are on the counter." and left. They dropped of my dad's pancakes without any butter. The bussers were extremely rude. As we were standing up to leave, I was gathering my baby's things, the busser asked us to move so he could clear the table. I understand needing the table, but they couldn't wait the 30 second for us to leave. The food is incredibly bland, and I ordered chorizo, an item that is typically full of flavor. My husband ordered chicken and waffles, the country gravy tasted like flour. My mom had the avocado omelet. The avocado was still hard since it wasn't ripe enough. My sister ordered an omelet that came with a side salad. That "salad" consisted of no more than 7 leaves and no dressing (see photos). I literally laughed. It looked like an incomplete garnish. Definitely pass on this one.
2_star ARGHHHHHHHHHH We only ended up here cos it was listed in "Montreal's Top 25" guidebook. (Do people who write these guide books actually eat at the places they review?!!!!) Dont bother going to this place - cos if you walked a little further up, there are tons of better looking places with better looking food. The service here was slow. They took FOREVER to take our orders. The food was not worth waiting for. The soup of the day felt so thin that it was as if someone had just poured water into a pot of leftovers. You could get better sandwiches off a street cart in New York. They took FOREVER to give us our check. Nuff said. ARGHHHHHHHHHHH Dont waste your time here. We hopped onto the subway to find this place because it was on the recommended list. Dont do it!!! We did and we regret it till this day...........
5_star We were staying at the Boulders resort which is only about 2 miles away from the restaurant. We found the restaurant on Yelp after having tried the restaurants at the hotel (which were overpriced and the food was just ok). Forgot our waitress' name (I think it was Corina) but she was super friendly, offered suggestions and explained the dishes to us- we weren't too familiar with Brazilian food. We tried the Feijoada and the Picanha, both dishes were delicious! Service was fast and friendly! Would highly recommend this place!
2_star My first visit to jenny pho, I had pho Dac biet and salt n pepper shrimp, it was actually not bad at all, both dishes tasted great, but the service was horrible. The server never came back to my table until 30 mins later, by than I was sweating my ass off from eating jalapeno and hot sauce with my pho haha. Couldn't even get there attention to fill up my water. I knew they were busy but come on! Takes only a second to refill the glass of water and check up on your customers. The only reason why I gave jenni pho another chance was because it was so close to the house and the food was pretty good. So I went back a week later to order my salt n pepper around dinner time but the waiter ask me to order somthing else cause the chef was not there, are you kidding me? 4 guys in the kitchen making pho but you can't make salt n pepper shrimp? Haha they recommended me pho again so I was like NO THANKS YOU. Not going back again even if GROUPON have special hahahh.
5_star I came to Chon Thai in desperate need to satisfy my craving for Thai food. Having lived in Gilbert for the past 10 years, I have yet to find a Thai place worth coming back to.. Until I tried Chon. I would highly recommend this place not only because the food is excellent, but the service is friendly and genuine. My family and I started with an order of crispy vegetable spring rolls (3) They were a little small, each half was about one bite, but the filling was yummy and cooked perfectly. I ordered the Pad Thai with chicken with medium spice. The spice wasn't too overwhelming, but just enough. My only negative is that the noodles were too small. Most Thai places use thicker rice noodles which I favor more. However, the flavor was delicious with noticeable hints of tamarind. I would order it again! My family ordered the Salmon Panang, Crispy Chicken Panang and Pad See Ew. They all really enjoyed theirs but said that the Panang was a little sweet. Overall, Chon serves excellent food while deliver quick and friendly service. I will definitely be back!
3_star Recently checked it out for the first time. The portions are enough to get really full. If you take the meat feast, i suggest to ask for the waiter to bring you the good stuff right at the beginning if not they just keep feeding you with turkey and sausage. then when thr filet mignon comes you are so full you can only taste it. the service was very friendly. but at one point they had a show going on where a guy and a girl dressed in carnival clothing went around dancing. the music was so loud it felt like my ears were going to break. it went on for a good 30 min. that was a major minus of the restaurant.
4_star Came for lunch and enjoyed it. They had a decent variety of items, and the quality was pretty good. The food wasn't very spicy, but some of the desert items were very sweet. The restaurant fills up quickly and getting to the buffet can be tricky if you're seated further from it. You will find yourself moving between tables and traffic going in the other direction. The service was good and our servers checked on us periodically. However we did have to flag them down for refills. Give it a shot, but be mindful of the price and the two hour seating limit.
5_star Summer menu is amazing! Pork belly with cheddar grits is mouth watering! Short rib sliders, salmon, fried green tomatoes! Their beer selection is incredible best I've had outside of WI! Steak salad, pig ear appetizer and best chicken strips and bites of any restaurant hands down. So glad they are on the west side! Also great wine list if you don't want beer! my first choice for brunch!
4_star This is a 3.5 star review. Typical Taiwanese cafe owned by five young people. Couple of them had studied at LE CORDON BLEU in Ottawa. What is a typical Taiwanese cafe? 1. Selections of coffee, tea, slushes, and other nonalcoholic drinks. 2. Sandwiches, croissants, personal-size pizza. 3. Desserts: waffles, cakes, etc. 4. Nice deco. Came here with husband for a light dinner. We ordered: - House soup: mushroom soup. - Truffle mushroom croissant. - Grilled wasabi chicken sandwich. - Earl grey tea. - Cotton candy coffee. Soup was ok. Pieces of mushroom, onions. Can be creamier in my taste; however, for a typical Taiwanese tongue, this is upto standard. Truffle mushroom croissant is good. Croissant is freshly baked in store daily. Wasabi chicken sandwich is decent. Tender, well-seasoned chicken. Earl grey is nothing to rave about. Regular Pluck tea taste. Cotton candy coffee: you get the chance to adjust coffee/milk ratio, and watch cotton candy melts into coffee at the same time. Will I come back again? YES! This is a place for friends to chill, gather or just simply enjoy personal quiet time with light meals.
5_star Consistently good food, very affordable, lots of variety. I especially like their egg rolls (hard to find good ones in C-U.) Bo will remember you after a couple of times, too. He can even remember if you don't like green peppers, usually order the orange chicken, etc. Hidden in a little strip mall by Culver's, I think it is one of Champaign's hidden secrets.
4_star It's been a couple years since the last time I was at Zizzy, but as I recall I had a great experience. Drinks are fantastic, service is fast and the private karaoke room was pretty cool. I'll be here again for my friend's birthday this Saturday ~ we'll see if things got better!
5_star I've only been here twice, but they impressed me the last time we went. A friend and I were craving some Thai food a few nights ago and showed up at Thai Basil 20 minutes before they closed. I thought they handled us pretty well as the waitress was making jokes with us instead of rushing us through our meal. The food was also still spectacular and came out very quickly. The Red Curry is a must-try!
5_star Gotta Love Firehouse! The #10 smokehouse beef & cheddar brisket is to die for! Love It!
5_star Really enjoyed my time with girlfriends here last night. Waiter Keith was phenomenal. Very knowledgeable and friendly. I cannot say enough about the quality of the wine and the food. The details all the way down to the glasses and dishware were head and shoulders above other wine bars I've been to. I will definitely be back
4_star Yes, I know what you are thinking. How could dimsum in vegas be any good? or ever comparable to la dimsum. The food is just as good or better and there are more selections if you go an hour after it opens. We got there exactly when it opened and there were very few selections. After 30 minutes of eating and getting full, we were like, dam we should have came 1 hour later. Many more selections like small sizes of walnut shrimp!. (never seen that before). Service is a little iffy, but what can you expect if it is an authentic chinese restaurant. Its definatlely authentic when the server throws the dimsum we order across the table like we were playing frisbee together in the park. Overall, its a solid dim sum place and pretty dam chinese. I would recconmmend if your craving some dimsum in vegas.
2_star Way overpriced for what you get. Wasn't bad, but wasn't great.
1_star Do NOT go. Despite being a "Hawks" bar... Ordered something but never got it. It was busy but 1 hour and still no food. While "waitress" was dancing around. Nahhhhhhhhh Then I asked for it to go then get attitude... Nah. Spoke with manager and they refunded everything. Happy about outcome but not service. #gohawks
4_star Everyone's reviews on this place hit the nail on the head. It's a great eatery that just happens to be located in East Mesa, but it could be located in Scottsdale or Phoenix or Paradise Valley. If you're hiking, biking, boating or fishing as most East Mesans do, you're sure to pass this place on the NW corner of Power and McDowell, which isn't too far from the Tonto National Forrest and the Salt River. I swear they pump out heavenly kitchen smells every evening to draw in unsuspecting, hungry drivers. It works. The restaurant is right off the street facing South on McDowell. It's a hop, skip and a jump to a Starbucks (that's 100 paces) and has a nice porch with misters for the summer months. However, you won't be craving Starbucks afterwards because "The Brew" as we call it really pushes the fluids. CAUTION: If you're bringing someone who has trouble with balance or is disabled or if you are trying to decide which heels to wear when visiting, just note that the floor surface tends to be quite slippery. I'm not sure in which category the cuisine would be placed, but I'm going to say it's probably predominantly Italian American. I say that because of the dishes, the pizza selection and sauces used and because this is the one place in Arizona where I would order a Cannoli. Real, authentic Cannoli are illusive things. They can either be filled with cream or custard or Riccota or a combo, which I prefer. There should really be chocolate pieces and Italian cinnamon and maybe a couple Maraschino cherries inside. The shell should be crisp and have a certain doughy cinnamon flavor, but not overpowering. I don't go for adding alcohol or bits of dried fruit, but that would be an authentic version as well. Red, White & Brew offers the custard/creme Cannoli with chocolate chips inside (no cherries except for one on top) and the shell is 100% authentic with the Italian cinnamon flavor. It's something to split with your date. It's rich like cheesecake and goes quite well with an after dinner coffee or spirits. I'd jog in place for an hour for one of these, is all I'm sayin'.
4_star Our order: Watermelon Basil Alcoholic Drink - this was delicious a bit sweet but I enjoy sweet! Lemonade- they use sparkling water and simple syrup, one child liked it one didn't Caesar Salad- it had a slight sour taste, large portion definitely enough to share Macaroni and Cheese - cheesy goodness Mashed Potatoes - My husband loved this, I prefer lumpiness Brussel Sprouts- these were great, nice and tender with bits of bacon Lemon Chicken - Not a very large portion, well seasoned and not dry Short Ribs - No need for a knife they fell lff the bone and the sauce was great. My 8 year old ordered this and finished his plate Lobster- steamed and then grilled, a tad dry, didn't enjoy the sauce they provided on the side. Good enough to order again. Bone in Ribeye- they char their steaks so if you don't like it sure specify when you order or you will be unhappy. Pretty average compared to Ruth Chris, Mortons and DelFriscos Margo our waitress made the meal. We all enjoyed our food, wish we had room for dessert. Service was impeccable and we will be back. Total Bill: $370 with a 22% tip and two alcoholics beverages
3_star Food is delicious. Seating is limited, but we have always lucked out and found a seat before our food was finished. I lived in AZ for 9 years - the food here compares to some of my favorite Mexican food in the SW. I'll hold off on eating here for a while - I noticed too much eating by the kitchen help during my recent visit. A lady actually took a piece of tough meat out of her mouth with her vinyl glove on, and then returned to work! A little too relaxed. Very good food, I'll check in at a future date...
4_star This restaurant is casual Italian cuisine. Try their beet and goat cheese salad. They also have a pastry with goat cheese that is great. They have pizza and pasta both are pretty good.
3_star This restaurant was not one of the best.. It was way overpriced.. Food was mediocre.. The ambience was nice however. Would not recommend this. Try something else for Indian such as the Indian Masala Bistro.
4_star Arrived to a cold Ray's. Apparently a heater was broken. Stayed anyway as was meeting 3 friends to spend gift cards we received from Jimmy DeLagottie (Thanks Jimmie). The place was half full of Millenniums having a good time. We had a table for four and were waited on in a timely manner. The waiters were very good and kept asking if we needed anything. They were well tipped for their efforts. We all had burgers and they were very good with any type of condiment imaginable. The burgers downfall was the bun. It was not toasted and was the type closely related to Wonder bread. We had very good fries that were nice and hot and well priced for a big basket of them. All in all a decent meal, well priced. Oh, and the draft beer selection was gigantic. I had a nice fresh Guinness and others guys had local craft beers. We had gift cards that could only be used in the Fairlawn Ray's and not the Kent Ray's. What's with that?
1_star This was the worst indian food I have ever had to date. The staff was very friendly, it was clean, but awful. We went here on a Sunday for my moms birthday, for the lunch buffet. The food wasn't that warm under the heating lamps. They had tandoori chicken, butter chicken, rice, pakoras and a selection of desserts. After checking out the buffet, I opted to have butter chicken off the menu, hoping that that at least would be hot and fresh. When it arrived, it was hot, but the cuts of meat were terrible. It didn't seem like it was the chicken breast that the menu promised it would be. I picked at it, and hardly ate it. Meanwhile, my family was waiting for them to refill the buffet. It seemed like they brought one item out every 15 minutes, even though the buffet was empty. The naan took the longest to restock, and it always seems flat and cold when it got there. I was smart, and ordered the naan from the menu, so when it came it was at least fresh. I ate here about a month ago, and I still feel sick when I think about the cold, flavourless food. It's a shame, because they seem like really nice people, but they food just isn't good....
4_star Whaaat? I had no idea this place existed, or that this was inside the building that faces the street. My BF and I decided to try it after we saw it's glowing reviews on Yelp and were looking for a good Italian restaurant. It's very warm and inviting inside and the food was incredible. Once again - more vegetarian options would be nice and it was a bit too pricey to go often but we'll definitely come here on another special occasion.
1_star Worst experience ever. Hostess had major attitude and after moving us all around the place, the equally-as-rude server informed us they were no longer serving food. This was after we were told repeatedly they were closing at 1am, yet it was 11:30pm. Closing up shop early and terrible customer service.
1_star Just in this place. Walked up to the coffee bar. Stood there patiently waiting for one of the three employees standing there to acknowledge my existence. Nothing. The one girl couldn't be bothered to say anything to me, too busy making a latte. The, what I assume was the manager, continued to talk to another employee about ordering liquor. No acknowledgement from those two either. Another employee walked up and started chatting with the manager. I decided to speak up and got the smallest of obligatory apologies. But not from the manager or the girl making the latte (the one that should have helped me). I guess if your manager is clueless about customer service your staff will be as well. Don't expect much from this place except frustration.
5_star It's been a few days but this feeling keeps haunting me that I must review this taco haven I experienced not once but twice while visiting LV. I'm going to open up with these are no doubt the best tacos I've eaten with no hesitation on that statement. So why didn't I write a review sooner? Well I was on vacation and as much as I eat mexican food(almost every day) i do taco's maybe once a week. These taco's stood out in so many areas of how a taco should be put together. From the all star meat to the toppings. They don't leave you hanging here. The first day I stood in the longest line in the place not knowing I was in the al pastor line with different meats having different stations until 5 minutes had passed. Too late I was committed and how could all those people be wrong? 2 taco's and a tostada later I'd happily stand in a line 5 times that long. Next day, I went back. Normally I love adventuring and trying out new places and new foods when traveling, but I hadn't gave the carne asada a shot yet. Got 2 taco's and carne asada fries. The taco's were again a big hit. If you're like me and feel desire to check a place with great ratings, there's a reason for this one.
2_star Pasta dishes were overwhelmingly salty and not as special tasting as the menu would lead one to believe. Use of accent herbs (basil, sage, dried orange zest, fennel pollen ) were skimpy. Thus dishes lacked in brightness of flavor, and dimension. We would not go back.
4_star Wow let me explain from the bottom up this place was amazing. We had a wonderful server, great food and a lovely atmosphere. The deserts are to die for. The steak melted in your mouth and the pickles & bacon, big time.
5_star I lived in Hawaii for 18 years and I am familiar with all of the local bbq foods. I enjoyed eating at this place because it reminds me so much of "home". I just wished that they made the kal-bi in bigger portions. Other than that, everything else is good.
5_star They have very good food and one of my favorite place to go. I love there crispy pan fried noodle the best..
1_star RACIST MANAGER ! The manager at this restaurant called me a "nig$er" and stated that "he doesn't serve our type here, go to Jack Astors"... He claimed to be the general manager(fat bald guy with glasses) .... There were cigarette butts all over the patio floor, crack in my pint glass, and a chunk of something on my cutlery. Not to mention it took over an hour to get food to the table... DO NOT EAT HERE....
1_star Seriously bad service. Nothing worse than a bartender with an attitude. If I ask if we can pay and you reply "maybe" I'm not happy. Our drink sat empty for a long time. Too many places to chose from to put up with horrible service.
4_star Just like so many others, I love watching Gordon Ramsey on TV. That being said, I had high hopes for Burgr that it didn't quite live up to. My friends started off with milkshakes and I sampled both. These shakes were huge! I would highly recommend splitting them between two or three people each. First was the coffee milkshake with chocolate-hazelnut pudding and a praline cookie. The milkshake tasted identical to Hagen-Daaz coffee ice cream and the pudding like a more mild Nutella. It was good but not very unique aside from the construction. The second shake was cookies and cream with creme brulee pudding and an Oreo on top. Each part was delicious, but the flavors did not go together well. It was very rich and creamy, but without a pronounced flavor. Next, we had the sweet potato fries and onion rings. The fries had vanilla powdered sugar dusted on them and came with a flavorless custard-like sauce. I'm not really sure what the goal was, but the fries were very good alone. The onion rings were fried in a tempura batter and were sprinkled with Parmesan cheese. Very delicious. The aioli and curry ketchup they came with were incredibly tasty, and we ended up using those sauces for the fries as well. And of course we had some burgers. I eat a vegetarian diet about 95% of the time and hadn't had beef in about a year and a half. There was one vegetarian option and it was a mushroom. I really expected there to at least be since kind of housemade patty of some sort, which I've seen every other gourmet burger house (even in Pittsburgh!) This is a choice that gives chefs a lot of freedom to work with interesting ingredients and flavors. The point is.... I hate mushrooms. I ended up going with the Euro Burger because goat cheese. It was perfectly cooked medium rare and very flavorful. Fresh arugula and grilled tomatoes with herbed goat cheese.... Perfect. Now, why four stars? Because it wasn't anything unique or amazing. It was good, but I've had just as good burgers at many other joints. In Vegas and with a celebrity chef name attached to it, I expect decadence and something unexpected. The menu was nothing special and it was overpriced for just good burgers. I would still recommend this place, but I wouldn't call it a required stop unless you only have Burger King and Red Robin at home. (If you are in Pittsburgh, PA, check out Burgr in Shadyside or one of the Burgatory locations.)
3_star I'd give it 3.5 overall Food was good, not as great as I'd been expecting considering the hype. La Carnita was much better foodwise Good vibe but we got rushed in an out, they brought the starter and mains at the same time
5_star The food at Jalapeno Inferno Market Street is amazing! Our server Dee suggested a boss margarita that was the best I have ever tasted! The Manager came around a few times asking if everything was ok and always asked if she could get us anything...everyone here was super friendly and Dee was very knowledgeable and attentive. They have amazing chips that they bring out at the start of the meal that includes the amazing flour chips and very good salsa. We shared the Lobster Street tacos and Sonoran Grilled Chicken Quesadilla, everything was delicious and so full of flavor. For first-time guest, they bring out a Free tamale they have us was phenomenal! Wow! Everything was delicious! This was our first time eating Jalepeno Inferno, but won't be the last! For More Info on this restaurant please visit http://oldtownscottsdale.com/jalapeno-inferno-at-dc-ranch/
2_star Came here for brunch. I thought it was super overpriced at $35. Good selection, but the food was pretty average overall.
2_star Came for lunch at around 3pm but wait about 20 mins for my noodle. At that time only 2 tables!! Food just OK !! Waitress good and friendly but the man I think he is the owner not friendy !!
3_star Awesome spot food is ok drinks are pricey but ok... The fried onion batter hotdog is great slaw had a funny taste to it. Great service
3_star ?? Sul Lung Tang, Stewed beef broth, and beef serving with rice Gamjatang, Stewed pork bone and potato soup
4_star First time checking out this place tonight and it was very cool! Tonight we did an appetizer medley because we went early with our young son and just felt the need to explore the menu a bit. First of all we ordered our son's "fish sticks" to come first... Wow!! They were huge! He actually didn't eat them because he is not used to such fresh and delicious fish for his meal (18 months old) but we loved them! We also had the calamari, crab cake, lobster mac and cheese and a Caesar salad (for just 2 of us?! What were we thinking!) I would say the crab cake was the best! Lobster mac n cheese was really good but didn't live up to the hype I've seen on other reviews. Calamari and Caesar salad were good too. The service was amazing. We had a very attentive waitress and several other people delivering food, checking on us and clearing plates away! I love that kind of attention- they really want to make sure you are enjoying yourself. We ended with the creme Brûlée and it was delicious!! We ordered way too much food and have our left overs for tomorrow!! We will be going back for sure to try the pots! And maybe even the fried chicken!
3_star I came here on a Friday night at around 9 pm and was able to find seating pretty quickly. Ambiance is trendy and fun, but dress is casual. Parking is public in a big lot. My friend and I ordered a limited combo special where we got to pick one meat plate and one sushi roll. We ended up ordering 2 combos and got the Galbi and the Daeji Bulgogi for our meats and got the "Ohya I forgot" roll and the Dynamite roll. First, the meats were great. Very comparable to some Korean places in K-town of LA. I would definitely go back there for that. You have the option of cooking the meat yourself or having the kitchen cook it for you in the back. If you don't know how to BBQ well, then I definitely recommend you let the kitchen staff cook it for you. The traditional small plates that go with the BBQ were good too. Unfortunately, the sushi fell really flat. That's really why I'm not rating this 4 stars! The "Ohya I forgot" roll was way too big and the sauce they used on top was too sweet. They also put a lot of the sauce. For the Dynamite roll, the scallops were cooked ok, but they again put way too much sauce. I would recommend asking if they can put the sauce on the side so you can control how much you want to put on it. So, I will definitely come here for the BBQ and not for the sushi.
5_star Fantastic food and service! My husband's first Chicago Pizza, he was in Nirvana! Be prepared to wait a little but worth the wait!
1_star I used to frequent this restaurant until what happened to me on April 3rd. I invited some guests to dine with us, the meal was as always excellent, and service was decent. All was fine until I got a call 90 minutes after leaving the restaurant from my credit card company at 10pm asking me if I was at Frys Grocery and had just before been at Home Depot, seeing as I was at home I replied no. I had left my credit card in the check presenter and somehow it made it's way to into someones hands that obviously was not me. To say I was annoyed would be an understatement, that is until I called the owner the next day and explained the gravity of the situation, she had the nerve to tell me that it was basically my fault and that her staff would never do anything like that and that she would do nothing about it, not even an apology!! In the days of Social Media, not taking customers seriously is risky business, i have shared this story with 50 plus people and I am sure they have shared it with some more. I have left my credit card at several restaurants over the years and have always been confident in the honesty of a business and next day retrieved it and not had someone go shopping in my absence. Visit this restaurant at your own peril and if you have to pay cash!!
3_star Well I really wanted to like Toast and to write a good review, but it was hard too. I like the place, the atmosphere, the menu and a lot about it. But, after 7 months in business things do not run smoothly. It seemed like Joy behind the bar was the only person with any restaurant experience. The "manager" women was pretty clueless and we witnessed several people getting their own silverware or hunting down their waitress for their checks. Very inconsistent service, long times between service for drinks or food. etc. The food was good, although I would say pricey for the portion sizes. $15 for a gormet burger. Hire a real manager and whip the place into shape, or it will be dying a slow word of mouth death....
3_star As everybody says the happy hour choices are great. The staff is also very welcoming and nice. The problem is that there was only 1 person making the sushi, which is probably the reason why it took forever to get our orders.
4_star The place doesnt look fancy and takes debit only. The food is very good, servers are friendly and the price is very very reasonable for the quantity of food they serve for an order. I consider myself a big eater, so trust me the quantity in an order is more than sufficient. The wonton soup is as good as some of the finest chinese restaurants in India. A good place for dine-in or take out.
4_star Wonderful service, friendly people, accommodated a family member with a service animal and were very nice and attentive! Excellent food, great flavors, fabulous margaritas
1_star We walked in and it seemed nice. However the waitress was probably the most rude person I have ever encountered. I will never go here again.
2_star After my second mediocre experience here, I thought I better write up a review. This place has tons of hype which may be why I found it so disappointing. Ambiance - There are only 4 actual tables at this restaurant all the other seating is at group dining bars where your legs dangle while you sit in their uncomfortable bar chairs. The first time I ate here we were seated at the actual bar and while it was very loud in the restaurant I was able to enjoy my friends company. On my second trip here we were seated at the shared table across from a couple who had their tongues down each other's throat the whole time and a father who was lecturing his daughter loudly on how to make it in the business world and she "better shape up or ship out". I understand this is not within the restaurants control however I would certainly prefer to have an option rather than shared dining but as a party of two we were not afforded that luxury. Service - The first visit they were busy but by sitting at the bar we were able to flag down the bartender to get our orders relatively fast. The second visit I arrived first and my server asked if I would like to wait to order, I informed him I would order before my companion arrived but I needed a minute to look over the menu. After waiting for him to return for some time I turned awkwardly around from my place at the bar extension to place my order for a drink with the bartender. My drink arrived but still no server so again I ordered our appetizer from the bar. The place was busy but there was plenty of servers and I spent the rest of the dinning experience hunting down my server. When it came time to pay I ended up getting off the horrible chair to just find someone to pay so that I no longer had to sit on those horrid chairs and I could get out of there. Food - The first trip we ordered: Jalapeno Poppers - Delicious, I recommend them highly Baked Mac & Cheese - Excellent if not a bit on the small side Black Rice & Oxtail Risotto - Such high hopes, but way over salted and the rice was not cooked it was crunchy Second and last trip: Bacon Jam - Zero flavor, the best part was the bread Roasted young beets - meh nothing special here at all Pork Belly Carbonara- Again high hopes only to be let down, the pork was fine but nothing special the pasta was mediocre The uncomfortable seating, small pretentious menu and awful service will keep me from coming back.
1_star Possibly one of the worse meals I've ever eaten. Took my father there for his birthday. His steak was so dry he couldn't chew it. Mine wasn't much better. Don't recommend.
5_star I can't tell you how hard it is to find "New York" pizza that actually lives up to its name, and Carmine's has hit the mark! Excellent pizza that snaps when you fold it, great cheese and crust. The service was friendly, bathrooms clean, dining area charming...definitely returning!
5_star Great food, especially the brisket tacos. The menu isn't huge, but if you're in the mood for burgers or tacos Mahall's is a good choice. The jerkey appetizer is great if you like the idea of deep fried beef strips. Haven't gone bowling there but will soon.
1_star A big party tonight and they apparently can't handle a crowd. It was so noisy in the party room where they tried to seat us. We asked for a table in another room and were treated with disrespect while left standing at the register. The host was very testy when we inquired what was happening. I am done with DeNunzios and was a frequent customer.
5_star Probably the best pulled pork sandwich...ever!! Great family run business with delicious food. We liked it so much I bought brisket and pork to take home to my husband. This is definitely a keeper.
2_star $34?! I've experienced better for less... The only thing that redeems Aria's buffet is the fact that they sliced the crab legs for you. Other than that.. nothing. Maybe the creme brulee, but their dessert selection was horrible. No macarons.. For $35, no macarons? Really? Bread pudding looked dry, I heard the gelato was no good. Initially they had nigiri in their sushi section, but when I went for seconds, they only had California rolls and other cheap rolls. Their prime rib was good. They had naan and vegetable masala; both were good, but I can eat that stuff at an Indian buffet for like 8 bucks. Didn't have much variety at the Mexican, Italian, or Asian stations. I was really excited to try this buffet since it's at one of the top hotels/casino in Vegas, but I was very let down. Also, their service is horrible. I never once got a refill on my ice tea, couldn't even find the waitress to ask. Oh, we also had a huge party like at least 40 people or so. So the person organizing it had spoken to them previously and we had a reservation for 6pm and they would only give us 2 hours to eat and charged us 20% gratuity. Then they totally forgot about the reservation, so the whole crowd of us just stood outside for a good 30 minutes for them to clear up tables for us. Um, thanks. And 20% gratuity? It's a buffet! 15% or 18%, I can understand. And as I've mentioned before, their service sucked. Not impressed at all. M resort and Wynn are way better. I haven't been to the Belagio in awhile, so I can't compare that. Go elsewhere, it's really not worth $35.
5_star Really yummy! Amazing price! Friendly people. I love this place for a quick lunch at a great price
5_star This place did not disappoint! The food wings are great. Doesn't look like much from the outside, but don't let that stop you. The lemon pepper and grilled teriyaki wings are awesome.
3_star First time trying Wicked Spoon. I was looking forward to chowing down buffet style. However, this place was...okay Ambience: Casual, Trendy, Clean and cosmopolitan looking. Accomodates all ages Food: I believe I saw 6 stations including a dessert station. We arrived about 12 noon price was $44/person for lunch buffet which is fairly reasonable because I've paid more at other places. The food presentation on the little plates and bowls were very decadent and looked yummy but in all reality....the food was mediocre and the prime beef was somewhat cold....and the sushi rice was rubbery...yuck! Plus there was no seafood crab legs like most buffets. However, the desserts and fruits made up for the lack of interests in the main food. Service: We didn't wait too long for seating. Our waitress was very nice and always checked on us, refreshing our ice teas regularly. I probably would try this place for dinner just to give it one more try. But so far....the food was not impressive (to me). I would rather go to Rio or Caesars Palace buffet. Just sayin....
5_star My fiance and I tried Emilianos on a whim during our trip to Pittsburgh. The food was top notch. We shared a beef chimichanga and were awed by the fresh cheese sauce and freshness of the meal. The service was extremely quick, too. We barely ordered before our food was being delivered to the table. Since we left Pittsburgh, we've been trying to find a restaurant in Michigan that compares.
1_star I ordered pad Thai the taste was bad and the shrimps were not well cooked I didn't enjoy my meal couldn't eat it
4_star Under omelets, it said "frittata". So... is it a frittata or an omelet? It's an omelet with lots of vegetables in it. So good with breakfast potatoes. There is a line to get in but it moves fast. It helps if you buy snacky stuff out on the street beforehand. We sat way back at the counter and it was perfect. Nice and quiet. I f'n loved Pittsburgh.
1_star We stopped in because we were told Los Dos Molinos had good food. I am so disappointed in this restaurant. When we first walked in we thought it looked cute, then we began noticing things like the dirty tables and floors that were not being cleared. We were sat at a poorly cleaned table and given sticky menus. They dropped water and chips at our table quickly and then we didnt see our server for several long minutes. The bar was a sore site to look at. Even from a raised chair I couldn't see what alcohol they had. I wasn't enticed to buy anything. The bar counter itself looked extremely dirty as well. I would not have eaten there. The host acted as the bar tender and it was clear he was not trained as a bar tender. He was placing his hands and fingers in dishes and mixes where they should not have been. Their margaritas looked so weak that you could see straight through them. Most drinks were served out of a machine instead of being mixed by a bar tender. The ceiling had wires sticking out of it and there were fridges with open sides that looked gross. Nothing was lit in the bar. It was the last thing anyone would focus on in the restaurant. The cook ran our food to us, and it was apparent that it had been sitting for a while. The plate was extremely hot and the cheese was melted and burned so bad I had to use a steak knife to cut it. I ordered two beef tacos and my date ordered a guacamole tostada with sour cream on the side. My beef tacos were the most tasteless thing I've eaten in a while. I'm not sure how you can make beef so bland and tasteless. The guacamole tostada came with extra guacamole instead of sour cream. It looked like a plate of guacamole with a few beans visible on the side. My date wanted the sour cream she ordered and some lemons, but never even had the chance to request them as we were not checked on a single time after we got our food. Our waters and soda were never refilled, and no service was actually provided. Once we were done we waited just under 20 minutes to be able to pay our bill. We made it blatantly clear we were ready to go and nothing, no one checked on us. Their flan sounded good but I didn't want to wait an hour for an order. When we were finally able to pay, the server, previously absent until now, stood at our table with an iPad we had to pay on until we paid. We were not able to comfortably talk about paying the bill or tipping. The server was nowhere to be found when we needed service, however he wouldn't leave us once they wanted money. We left disappointed and aggravated that our date night was off to a sour start. As someone with extensive experience in the food and service industry this restaurant is pitiful and embarrassing.
5_star After enjoying the sunset with sangria and micheladas from the rooftop of the Clarendon Hotel, we headed downstairs for dinner with Mr. K and co. We started with the guacamole, chips, and salsas, which were immediately inhaled, and then the real fun began. Everyone cooed when the chicharrón de queso -- a crispy, light chip that's really made from melted cheese -- arrived. It sounds weird, but is heaven on a plate. And as the menu says, "gringos, this is not a quesadilla." Everyone fell silent as we savored the elote (grilled corn on the cob smothered in cotija cheese and paprika). We all fought the impulse to pick up our plates and lick off the cotija crumbs, and reached for more chips to get the last bits of cheesy, corny goodness off our plates. Then, the awesome tacos arrived. We opted for the cochinita (pork with a great citrus and achiote flavor) and the carne asada (beef with a nice charred tomato salsa). The service was attentive, without interrupting us. The flavors were phenomenal, and the prices were ridiculously reasonable. As Mike said "it's Mexican street food done well, and still at Mexican street food prices." Our party included five adults and a 3 year-old. Kudos to the server, who went out of her way to grant all the wishes of the 3 year-old (and the adults) at the table. By the time we left, we has all asked when they would be open for breakfast the next day. That's one of the best compliments I can give a place.
2_star I love raising canes there chicken fingers & sweet tea are delicious & I was so happy when they were building this location because it is only about 5-10 minutes away from my house but the past 5 times I have come they have messed up my order! Get it together Canes!
5_star Nice owner!! Service good !! Food OK!! I really really love Sundae Roll so much!
1_star If Chipotle and Hardee's had an illegitimate child it would be this Hot Head Burrito location. It was our first time at a Hot Head and we were amazed by the lack of any food preparation going on. They were out of veggies and and lettuce. The wait took 20 minutes and there was only 2 people in front of us. Admittedly the portions were large but when the quality is bad it doesn't help. All in all I wasted 20 minutes and $20 on 2 below average burritos.
3_star It was ok. Not overwhelming or underwhelming. The atmosphere is ok for the upscale restaurant that it is supposed to be, but not mind bending design or unique. Very "been there and done that" for restaurants that want to be upscale and casual. Very cliche of a design. That goes for the food also.
5_star Joso's definitely offers a unique dining experience. We always drove past it's beautiful patio and always wanted to try it. On our visit we were seated inside, very interesting decor all around will entertain you until your food comes. The menu is pricey but I would say worth the experience. You can pick and chose different things on the menu as you like. Staff is very helpful in making suggestions and extremely professional. The only negative for me was the smell of seafood. I know its asking for too much since this is a seafood restaurant but I hate the smell of fish while waiting to eat, it's kinda unappetizing for me.
1_star Waited 2 hours for a delivery. I called and at first they could not find my order, then they apologized and told me my pizza would be in shortly and they would give me a credit for next time...well there will be no next time. I think waiting for 2 hours for a pizza was too much!
5_star Went here for a belated mothers day celebration. Loved it! Had two delicious signature cocktails, a lemon drop martini and a spiced rum old fashioned. Had the mussels to start, a mozzarella salad and then the pork tenderloin. It was all so good, I will absolutely come back again. My server John was amazing with his wine knowledge. I wish I had had enough room for dessert but there's always next time!
5_star i love this place. their burgers are amazing not the prettiest but taste great. I'm impressed by there wings and many different flavors. sriracha buffalo is one of my favs. 5/5 for me! definitely worth the try
2_star We were looking forward to a cold beer and found ourselves at Boulder Dam Brewery. Had the Pale Ale. Found it strangely flat and served cool, not cold. :( wings came to the table overcooked and rock hard ...but chips were good !
4_star I went to check out Kupfert & Kim today at First Canadian Place. It was reasonably busy, even at 3pm. Service was friendly - though it seems like they have a lot of staff behind a very small counter (maybe it was shift change?) It's a very clean looking space, and I like the selection of vegan and gluten-free sweet treats, like stuff from Earth & City, Bunners Bake Shop, and Rawlly Delicious. I ordered the "First Canadian" , and while I've often felt really bored with bowls of vegetables/grains/etc, this one was a great mix of ingredients - tempeh, quinoa, shredded red and green cabbage, sweet potato, and a flavourful dressing on the side. They've got a decent selection of milks (soy, almond, coconut, and rice) for prepared coffee drinks like cappuccino, lattes, etc. and fresh juices. Open from 8am to 5pm, they've got breakfast and lunch menus and seem like a great option for meatless, wheatless, fare in the Financial District. They just opened two weeks ago, so they still seem to be working out all the kinks, and they don't have a (useful) website yet, but as far as the food is concerned - so far so good!
5_star This is the place my wife and I come every weekend. Good food and great service. Walnut strudel is my favorite.
3_star Great out door patio area with a large tv screen. Trivia on Wednesday nights is fun. Unfortunately I ordered the nachos per my servers recommendation. They looked tasty , but after one bite I could tell the cheese they used was the cheese you get with ballpark nachos. I was extremely disappointed. Would recommend going here to drink, but I do not recommend the food.
5_star Awesome smoke house. Check it out after some chinook shopping. Now open evenings. Super cheap, super flavorful. If you like Palamino or Bookers, you have to try this place because it just might edge those places out.
3_star To start with, the food was very very tasty. Loved the flavors and the spices underlying them. Quite honestly, I believe that you could basically order anything and love it. Ethiopian for those who haven't tried it before generally includes eating food with your hands on a bready-pancake like food where all over your selections are placed upon allowing the tastes from those selections to seep into the bread. Expect portions to be filling and fairly large. Now that said, I will admit this won't be the best written review because every review should tell you what that person had and ideally include a photo. I'm admittedly doing neither mainly because I did love the food and it was already halfway gone when I realized I should have taken a picture. Why 3 stars? I came here with my mom who had heard about the restaurant in an article and wanted to try it out. We went in for lunch at about 12:45pm and even though the standing sign outside displayed their hours and said they were open, the sign on the door said closed. We tested the door anyway and found it to be open. Me made our way inside and were struck by how dark it was (it was a cloudy day outside and there were no lights on in the restaurant) and secondly by how empty and bizarre it felt. The only light coming in was natural from the windows. The music added to that obscenely strange atmosphere. It was the WQED station on the radio playing a rather dark and mysterious piece. Needless to say, we stayed, and enjoyed a wonderful meal. However, service was a strange element as well. It took 20 minutes or so for food to come out which is fine but once we were finished with our meal, we waited half an hour looking for someone to take our check. Since we were the only ones in the restaurant the entire time we were there for lunch on that Friday, we would have expected them to be a bit more attentive. It wasn't until we finally hunted someone down in the back of the restaurant that we were able to pay and leave. The food earns this restaurant 3 out of 5 stars. However, service and ambiance kept it from receiving a full 5.
3_star Meh. I mean look- I get it. Lou's has a fantastic atmosphere. I cannot deny that this is the kind of joint that I would love to go with a bunch of friends. The kids will love it. Family-oriented vibe, undoubtably. But I've gotta be honest- I was expecting a little bit more from this place given the hype that has sat behind it since the Phoenix location made its debut. To be honest, It just wasn't an artisan pie experience. But that's ok. Maybe Lou's is the kind of joint that's good if you're good, and fine with nothing out of this world. But I really was expecting out of this world, and given the history, I expected something glorious. It just wasn't a homerun on this swing. But look- I get it. The place is fun. Bar is cool. Atmosphere is beautiful. Lou's is the kind of place to go with the family. If you like pie, you'll like this place. But it's not a death-bed za. And that's ok. Thanks Lou. Might be back for round 2 given the right circumstances. Cheers!
5_star Great girls night dinner. Had the ahi tacos they were awesome. Drinks were great. Staff was wonderful. Would be a great place for date night or girls night. Can't wait to go back!
3_star Average AYCE place. I come here because of the convenient location after I'm done my shopping in the adjoining plazas. Service is friendly and they asked if everything was good multiple times. My only complaint is no Tempura Shrimp during lunch whereas everywhere else serves it during lunch. If they changed this, they would get way more of my business whenever I need my fix of AYCE Japanese food.
1_star This Cheesecake Factory needs to work on their Curbside To Go! EVERY time I order pick up they MESS UP! EVERY TIME! I don't recommend it. Yummy food but bad service!
5_star Deserving of 5 stars the food is unreal & the service is great! Nachos supreme is where it's at! So delicious! The enchiladas are excellent. Prices are reasonable & you get good portion sizes! Service is quick too.
1_star 0 for 2 We thought that our first visit was a fluke. Service was VERY slow and the food took a long time to arrive. So...we tried again today. Mia, our server and the hostess was a lovely person and she worked pretty hard to get us seated in a quiet area. We ordered a meal but once again, our food was very slow to arrive. It was ok food, not exceptional, just ok. We asked for the check and got it but then it took a very long time for it to be picked up. Sadly we won't try this establishment again.
3_star This is one of several Cornelius locations that have housed so many different restaurants that they struggle to distinguish themselves. but Harvey's has been here awhile, and it is a big space that was nearly full on a Friday night. I had a salmon with a chimichurri sauce -- it was an interesting combination and tasty. My wife's quesadilla and my side dishes were not quite as warm as they should have been. My draft beer arrived without a head and tasted a little flat. Still, it has a good menu and a good vibe.
5_star Stumbled on this little family run sushi joint on the coldest night of the year before a leaf game. The green tea and Miso soup was some the best I've ever had. The small private booths were wonderful and cosy. The sushi & maki was fresh and yummy. Service was friendly warm and relaxed/comfortable yet traditional. Wouldn't hesitate to return....the leafs stunk out the rink the sushi was the highlight of the night
3_star Just moved to Tempe and wanted some gnocchi (my FAVE) and this seemed to be the only place nearby that serves it, though they call it "cavatini" and it's more like little snakes than potato dumplings. As usual for me, I replaced the normal marinara for alfredo; pretty much the most bland alfredo sauce I've ever tasted, but I guess they do advertise it as mild (though there doesn't seem to be any alternative alfredo sauce.) I just threw on salt and it was okay. The atmosphere is nice; dark Italian restaurant and all that. It's nice enough that you can bring business guests but not too hoity-toity to just have a night out with pals. I was impressed with the service, and our waitress in particular was very down-to-Earth. Like other reviewers have said, the place is old but it didn't negatively affect my experience. I also agree with other reviewers that they should do outdoor dining; not only is it nice out there, but it could open up more tables so patrons wouldn't have to wait. All-in-all good service and atmosphere, decent food.
2_star The food was good and the people were nice but the service was slow. It was a good thing we were not hungry as it took 40min to get our food.
4_star this is for the smaller location of the 2 restaurants under this owner. It is nestled in a quiet upscale neighborhood...and worth the drive. Clean bistro feel with a modernish look. Try the scampi stuffed chicken... fantastic!! Great service, great food...what more would you want?? prices are normal.
3_star It's been up and down here! Some days the soup is perfect some days not so much...the salads are average and were walking distance from our house as well so it's convenient.
1_star Tofu soup was not good, not spicy at all. The employees were pretty rude. Moreover, their tip amount on the checks were wrong. The check where the signature was required calculated the tips based on the food price and the tax, which can mislead clients. The other one shows the right amount based on only the food price. Beware of their business conduct.
5_star there are no words to describe the amazingness that is pasta fresh . i got the classic chef's pick and added roasted garlic...uuuhhhmmaazziinngg i could eat a different pasta here everyday
1_star If I could give this 0 stars I would. I ordered delivery and it took 2 hours to get!!!! When we realized how long it had been we tried calling MULTIPLE times and the phone was off the hook. We had already paid with our credit card and couldn't even get in contact with them to cancel our order. Finally after two hours we get our food- cold and soggy. The bun of the burger was completely flattened and soggy and the lettuce tomato and onion were also wilted and soggy. Truly will never give this place business again and I would not recommend anyone to order from here as well. Update: finally got in contact with the manager. Alaina was extremely apologetic and helpful by giving us a refund. Am not able to say how the food is because we did not eat it.
4_star A bar with an "around the corner", "family on a Friday night" feel that has a menu ranging from the familiar to surprisingly upscale offerings. Have never been dissapointed.
5_star Took my niece here for lunch, thanks to Groupon bringing it back to my remembrance. We had jerk wings, curry shrimp and jerk chicken plate and festivals. Everything tasted fresh, well presented and DELICIOUS! I love that their food is flavorful and spicy, like caribbean food should be. The atmosphere is cute, with reggae music playing at the right volume and slightly corny island themed decor. Perfect ;-). I love Ocean Blue and, unfortunately, realize just how close it is to where I live...I'll be trekking over for festivals and fresh made patties on the regular.
5_star Thoroughly enjoyed the Skirt Steak plus the dessert of the day, a chocolate pudding with a cakey covering was delightful. Cant wait to go back!
4_star I love Ian's. Having moved to Madison from the Northeast, where pizza-by-the slice is a staple, I was thrilled when Ian's arrived on the scene. I am also very happy for Ian and how well his business is thriving. I am familiar with Ian's conceptual mothership, Antonio's Pizza in Amherst, Massachusetts, so I appreciate inventive pizza. I know Ian's caters to its Midwest, beer-guzzling undergrad crowd with mac 'n' cheese and other heavy slices like the shepherd's pie. But I love Ian's for its 'fresher' recipes, such as black bean-avocado-feta and the kalamata olive tapenade- based mediterranean slices. Lately, I have been somewhat disappointed by the limited availability of these 'fresher' options and especially by the designation of certain of these as "seasonal." I wonder if Ian would consider resurrecting perhaps one of these recipes at a time to rotate throughout the off-seasons. Regardless, Ian's is my favorite quick-eat near campus.
4_star Good ambience, food and service. Vegetarian menu was good but limited though. I will return...
5_star Great place to eat and hang out whether it's day or night! Service is awesome and it has a drive thru too! They have a great breakfast burrito with a tummy green salsa. The patio has been updated recently so night time dining or happy hour is great. Highly recommend this local spot!
3_star I would actually want to give this place a 3.5, but am leaning more towards a 3 because we weren't wowed by this place and there are limited options on the menu. The menu is kind of small in my opinion, but it seems that most people go there for the mussels. We started with Soup of the Day (which at this moment I can not remember, but was it was good!) and House Salad. Both were slightly above average. The main thing I liked about the House Salad was the dressing! Then we got the mussels in the Lobster sauce and braised short ribs. Mussels were yummy and definitely be my choice if we came back. The braised short ribs were a little disappointing. It was cooked pretty well, tender and moist, but I didn't think the flavor was that good. They also carry Anchor Steam beer here, in case you're a fan of the San Francisco brew.
1_star We've been going here for years. The quality of the food has certainly gone down hill as has the service. The restaurant is located in the back of a dumpy mall. The restaurant has no ambience. The food used to be okay, but I'm not sure that the food is even that fresh. Receiving a plate of room temperature sushi is never very appetizing. The waitresses run around like chickens with their heads cut off by day. By night, they bring in some low motivation waitresses that must be cutting their teeth at waitressing - horrible service, inattentive, etc. The sushi chefs are without personality. There are such good sushi places in Scottsdale, why waste your time on this one that tries so little.
4_star Had a great dinner with my girls on a Saturday night. Enjoyed the food, drinks, and live music.
4_star I am a creature of habit I tend to always get the same things at my favorite restaurants. I always get their turkey wrap and bean salad... uh doggie, good stuff, that bean salad (ummm mmm) ..... I get a big container sometimes just to take home. Their Margarita pizza is exceptionally tasty as well. Prices aren't bad less then 10 bucks for a meal. They have a great patio area for people watching. I went there today for lunch and they were a bit crowded as Birkdale typically is on the weekends. The bar area is nice but I always find it to be a bit loud in there. I like it outside. Also, they are doggie friendly and as long as you tie fiddo to the outside of the patio railing he can sit and enjoy the people watching too. I think it is one of my favorite affordable casual dining spots in the Birk.
3_star A very solid buffet. That's it though . Solid is as far as it goes. The waiters and front desk associates are always helpful and you can't beat the 7.99 price if you join their rewards club. The food is decent nothing atrocious and nothing spectacular. The food is sometimes left out for too long but I'm sure that has to do with it being a slower buffet and also being lower budget. They have live chefs (I recommend having them make you a fresh pasta as they actually come out delicious and seem the best way to enjoy a fresher meal and get the most bang for your buck. (I got a pesto penne with sundried tomato and chicken and it was amazing.)
1_star Horrible service!!!!! When they make a mistake, they just keep blaming my wife and fighting, instead of fixing it. Also had a hair in my wife's last take out order.
5_star I like to poke in here when I'm in Inglewood and I love the atmosphere. Prices can be a little steep for groceries but it's excellent for its food and bar area. I was pleasantly surprised today that they now sell kombucha by the howler (1000ml -$10 for the bottle) or growler (2000ml -$12 for the bottle) size, to take home! It's about $15 for 1000ml, but you get 50% off the kombucha when you get a bottle. All said, this was about $17.50 worth of fresh local mojito-flavoured kombucha. Delicious for mocktails! I may start making my own, but this is great if you want a quick batch for a house party or during a busy week when you want a little extra probiotics. For those of you who haven't tried it before, this is a great place to try it out - it tastes a lot like pop or cider but with undetectable healthy gut bacteria in every glass! They also now have a fiasco gelato ice cream bar! It is one of the few places where you can grocery shop while digging into some passion fruit and rosemary sorbetto while you check out some of their unique products and ogle their incredible desserts and bakery goods. I love the idea of having a pint of kombucha with friends and I like that they offer the perfect environment to chat with friends with all different tastes, from the coffee or tea lover, to cider/wine/beer lover, to the kombucha lover. And their food and snack options always seem to exceed expectations in terms of flavour. Transit rating: 4 stars. Bus stop for the #1 is about a minute's walk and it runs about every 20 min to downtown to connect with the ctrains. However I've had drivers be a little inconsistent on this route (they passed the stop by accident or were early), so it's worth it to make sure you're a little early just in case.
3_star I love this place - a "locals" bar that the owners clearly have a lot of pride in (you can tell that they did much of the build-out themselves, which is great for a locals watering hole). It is a fun place to watch a game with moderate priced food and very affordable drinks. I can only give three stars as my wife feels some of the patrons are a bit too "local" and "regular" for her taste.
3_star I think that it's safe to say that every good neighborhood has a quick and reasonably priced Chinese take- out restaurant. I use the term "restaurant" lightly. Your options for dine- in or take-out are limited to take- out considering there are no tables inside. This was refreshingly not a surprise to me. Sometimes simplicity is the most effective approach. One thing thats gets me is how most Chinese restaurants have that cheesy picture menu that looks like it's from the 80's, this place included. Either way, I had the chicken n broccoli. The portion was spot on for the price and they didn't skimp on the broccoli, nor the chicken. I will definitely be going back to satisfy that Chinese craving. Oh, and I also noticed that they close at 11pm on the weekdays which is cool.
4_star really good buffet. alot to choose from. our waitress was really attentive and taking good care of us. i will return next time i come to vegas!
3_star It's an A-OK place. Desserts are amazing, and they're open late. I don't know how many times we have been to this place at mid-night, and they still serves. They have dozens of selections, but I'm a waffle kind of man (crepes, not so much) with the tenacity of being mean, strong, and ready to get the friction on. I find that the warm round, but rough edges of the waffle, topped with an ice cream makes my mouth moist. Thinking about it as we speak makes me want to get up, do lunges, and head to Spin and grab a plate of delicious dessert.
3_star We had a solid experience here- the food was a great price, the atmosphere is great, loved the decor & I'm a fan of a simple menu. Our waitress was nice & informative but unfortunately the fact that no one at our table could enjoy their meal because of the spice level was a little bit of a damper. We all like spicy food and ordered 1's & 2's on a scale of 5 but our food was literally covered in red-pepper flakes :( Again, I'm no wimp to spice- I'm the girl who is usually dumping tabasco on my food but this was a whole other story. We will give it another shot because it really is a neat little spot and what we could taste of the food was definitely solid.
3_star What a disappointment. A *huge fan* of Craftsteak (MGM Grand), we decided to give Brand a shot since we were staying at the Monte Carlo. Should've taxied to Craftsteak. Food was just mediocre. The beef was rather tasteless and tough, and the extreme sauces couldn't even mask the poor quality. The sides were fine. The service was actually good but did not save the so-so fare. BTW, the building of the CityCenter monstrosity has delivered a blow to the Monte Carlo. (It is now completely disconnected from Bellagio, and the MC-Bellagio walkway and tram are bye-bye.)
4_star The Henry is located to the right, just as you walk through the Northern, Bellagio-side doors of the Cosmopolitan (please click "useful" below for the previous statement alone!) A curiously small place in the heart of foot traffic, one has to wonder if Cosmo intends this breakfast specialty-house to be its "cafe." You see, nothing is traditional in the Cosmo, thus there's no restaurant labeled casino cafe or steakhouse. And that's just how it's clientele like it(?) I just don't know; because while it seems dudes who wear moustache wax and gals whose parents played electro dance music to them in their cribs are the people who come here - I genuinely believe people don't like ambiguity. So if The Henry is your casino cafe, I recommend going with the staples: eggs, bacon, and the like. If you just have to have something like crab cakes for breakfast, be my guest, but know that something can go wrong. I had the breakfast burrito everyone talk about, good, but you'll need to put something on it. Eggs benedict was the real winner. I'm looking forward to going back for dinner. If this place is really 3 stars, I'll give it 4 for attentive service.
5_star So sadly far from where we live in the valley. This place would become a weekly staple if only it weren't about 30 miles round-trip for me. We had the enchilada verde special on the chalk board: about $9 for three enchiladas in green sauce with beans and rice. Meal came with fried tortillas to break into chips, and some fresh red salsa. Everything tastes authentic without melting our gringo tastebuds. Water was clean, server was nice, music was pleasant. Food reminded me of a place that I grew up with back in SoCal and pined for when I moved out to the valley a decade ago. It took a long time to find this, and I am sad to spend like $5 in gas just to make a trip out here, but it's worth it.
3_star Love the Nutella cappuccino and the fact that this location has a drive thru which is fairly quick, however I requested a breakfast sandwich without meat for which they stated they could not change the price. This here is an $8 sandwich. Never again.
5_star Fab.U.Lous. Best scrambles eggs. Fluffy and tasty. Servings so large teenage athletes had leftovers. Been to Scrambled, US Egg, and we all vote Butterfields. The orange juice is absolutely delicious. Everyone was so nice despite the packed place, and they were fast too. Try it, they won't disappointed.
4_star Fun fun experience. Richard our server is very helpful and friendly even during busy rush dinner hour. Will definitely coming back again.
1_star Horrible Service, never going back. Went there last night with 5 other friends. As soon as we placed our order, the manager came down and asked us why we had ordered only 2 dishes. We had actually ordered 4. Then she came back and literally banged 5 plates on our table. The waitresses were not so bad. The food was of good quality and taste, a little heavy on the grease though. We had ordered a lamb dish, a Lo Mein, Rice Noodles, and Chicken corn soup. When the check came, they had added 18 percent gratuity but I did not notice and left a tip on top of it. She did not say anything, I saw her closely scanning my bill - it was obvious she was checking out the tip. I had to call her later and ask her to reverse the tip, which was obviously another bad experience.
3_star Not sure what the rave was about.. or maybe we ordered all the wrong things. Regardless, we ordered: - the tongue - the sausage - french onion soup - duck in a can The tongue and sausage tasted super pickled to me.. but the tongue's meat itself was really good. I LOVEEEE French onion soup but this one was way too salty ( I don't really like salt). It was good but too much cheese/salt. Next, the Duck in a Can was nothing special. The portion of the meat I got was really tough and dry. It looks like someone puked the food out onto a plate... although, the can concept is cool so perhaps it's a novelty thing. Either way- won't be returning most likely.
2_star Good concept. I was really looking forward to trying this place. Stopped by early on a Saturday night for dinner. Draft selection is awesome. Menu looked great with lots of options. Started off with the "yard-chos", which are just Yard's clever name for nachos. Got some generic bagged chips with some gloppy "beer cheese" and some decent pico de gallo on top. Nothing special. I ordered one of their giant grilled cheese sandwiches that had a Big Mac type of burger concoction in it. The sandwich looked great, but it got to me lukewarm at best, maybe it sat in the pickup window too long. The stuffed grilled cheese sandwich is a great idea (Melt in Cleveland, OH does an excellent version of them). Yard's version melts the cheese while grilling the bread and then stuffs the sandwich, which makes the sandwich a little lackluster. Great concept, average execution at best.
5_star Great fried dumplings! Lots of choices for those that enjoy them fried or steamed or in soup. Quick service. Well worth the walk to China town. Only wish there was one this good in London, Ontario.
5_star My husband and I are from Chicago and his all time favorite is a good old fashioned Chicago Italian Beef....I should have never showed him this place :) He wants to go there ever night. I can only have so many hot dogs in a week. Great place for a quick affordable meal thats not fast food!
1_star Catfish burnt on a take out order. Given a credit since I was not driving all the way back to restaurant. Called to confirm credit. It cannot be found, was escalated to Operations Manager to receive same day call back. 3 days later no response. Managers hold servers to a higher level of customer service than they even provide. Original location or Scottsdale are much better options then this one.
2_star Not a big fan. Their breadsticks and soups are good, but that's about it. My Alfredo was very dry, and my friends lasagna did not even look like lasagna. Another time I ordered the Parmesan chicken and it was very dry and not what I remember Parmesan chicken hasting like. I will not go to Olive Garden again because I have yet to have a satisfying meal. Customer service was very good
1_star We ordered take out for 4 people. My burger had a long black hair between the burger and bun ugh! I emailed them with details of what happened...never received a reply. It was the first and last time I will order from this restaurant. Mostly because I received no reply...showed me they do not care much about their customers.
4_star All I have to say is GET THERE EARLY so you don't have to wait that long in line. I've read other peoples review and yes you can wait a really really long time. I got there at 5:30 pm. I waited for about 45 minutes. As I was waiting, the line got really long. Anything later and you will be waiting for two hours. They have so many different selections to choose from. The only thing that I would have preferred is more selection of sushi. I could be here all night. I think I gained 10lbs walking out of there. They have one of the best dessert selection as well so save some room. The macaroons was amazing. It melted in your mouth. I ate about 8. Sunday dinner was $60.55 ($55.99 plus $4.56 tax). My other suggestion is take it slow, try and eat everything. I felt like a little fat kid. Have fun and enjoy!
2_star Beware of the wait. Though this location is obviously understaffed, there is no sense of urgency from the employees that are working. Though my smoothie was good once a got it, I waited a half hour, after waiting nearly ten minutes just to have my order taken (with one person in front of me). I realize inadequate staffing isn't the fault of the employees, but there was zero recognition of the absurd wait - no "thanks for waiting" or anything. If I decide to come back, I will be calling far ahead of time with my order.
3_star Looking for a good place for some BBQ and I thought I should try this place out. On top of everything the food was great! The only reason I give it three stars would be the lack of good friendly service, other than that though it was a good place for lunch.
5_star One of my favorite restaurants in Cleveland. It's tucked away just of W. 25th, making it easy to get to, great for stopping somewhere else before or after, but away from some of the madness. I think this is one of the best happy hour options around and enjoyed coming for a burger and beer at the bar. But, most of my visits have been for sit down dining. The place is smaller and feels comfortable while still being "nice." The calamari is spot on, even though it doesn't seem adventurous. So are the bacon wrapped dates. Nothing here is pushing the barrier of culinary creativity, but it's cooked perfectly. Every. Time. That to me is even more important. The house made gnocchi is a favorite of whomever I dine with any time we go. I also can never resist the duck confit when it's available. The pork chop is always being served differently but never disappoints, and when they have a walleye available it's another favorite. Again, the execution is always perfect. The Market at the Fig which is attached/next door is also amazing. Great sandwiches or charcuterie for lunch.
1_star I've been coming here for 24 years I didn't know that they changed ownership! They took the pretty art off the wall wouldn't know where you are by looking no art at all looks like a bar and they changed the almond clicked it comes in big chunks and the vegetables too and they charged me for hot tea! Won't be back
1_star Was here 2 nights ago for a friend's bday. The waitress took over half hour to introduce herself and bring us water. Keep in mind this is a Wed afternoon and the restaurant is empty. The group was late and there were only 3 of us. When we requested to be served drinks we were denied and literally had to beg for a drink. While ordering our food the waitress did not know what's the soup of the day... Her excuse was she just got in... Keep in mind this is an hour and a half later since we were seated. Also, the host of the group ordered some appetizers to be served and the waitress wasn't aware that there was a pre order. Not trying to bash the waitress here but be on top of your game... It's your job to be. As for the food it was pleasing to the eye but terrible on the pallet. The only food here that was good is the wings and spring rolls. I ordered the stuffed snapper which was dry and rubbery, as for flavor there was none. The curry in the cassava mash was terrible... Tasted like some curry powder diluted in water and thrown over the mash. My fish was only warm partially which is strange as the orders came out pretty quickly. Makes me wonder if the food was even prepared fresh. Do not recommend you go here at all. The food is definitely not worth the price.
2_star Wow! I can't believe all these 5 star reviews! This place was wrong in so many ways! So my husband is a chef and we live in San Francisco, so I guess we are pretty spoiled with really great food. And how excited was I when my husband told me he made reservations at Tom Colicchio's restaurant! As soon as we walked in my husband wanted to leave. I thought it was a bit rude since we had reservations on a Sat night. So we compromised and just shared a couple of things. Guess I should have listened to him! We ordered the 10 oz Filet. The cut and quality of the meat was great. But wait? Where was the flavor. Even just a bit of salt would have made it better. I was tempted to ask for steak sauce just so there was some sort of flavor. We also had the Frisee Salad which was recommended by the waiter, it was pretty tasty. For our sides we had the potato gratin and Israeli Artichokes. Once again, WHERE IS THE FLAVOR?? I believe the artichoke was deep fried, ugh, WHY? The drinks from the bar were great, service was ehh. Nothing impressive at all. If I've gone to a reputable steak house and the only thing that stood out was a salad, something is terribly wrong here people! What a waste of money!!
5_star Awesome food and great music. A must eat with authentic Mexican food. Not the Tex Mex fast food crap!!! The homemade wine is divine! The home chocolate ice cream is fabulous and so yummy!!
5_star Aw damn, this place was amazing. If you aren't upgrading your chips to Belgian Fries, you are a chump! Live it up! The sophomoric IPA with the Green Chile Pulled Pork sandwich was like eating a dream. Love this place!
4_star I brought my dad here while we were driving cross country. The service was great and the sandwiches were everything the reviews promised. I had the# 35, roast beef with horseradish and dad had the #25, ham and cheese with many delicious things. both were great, but we agreed that the roast beef was the better of the two. It's all about the horseradish!Each sandwich comes with either a salad or chips, we had the kale salad, it was pretty good. The owner came out to chat with us for a bit; it's exciting to talk to passionate people, and she is passionate about her business and the concept. Over all, we were very satisfied. It's worth getting off the highway for some true local flavor and to support a local business. Google maps navigated us there perfectly,.
4_star I'm always looking for different types of Chinese food in the Valley so I was excited to try this place out. The food was better than the overall rating they have. You could tell the noodles were made from scratch along with the pork dumplings. The Chef's Beef noodles were delicious with lots of great flavor. You generally know when a Chinese restaurant is good when you see other Chinese people there too. The next time I go I will definitely try the stinky tofu along with a few of the other dumpling options there.
5_star My home away from home! Super friendly staff! Delicious food at a great price! Salami curry don is a must try! It gets very busy during lunch hours on a weekday, make sure you get there as early as you can. Takoyaki is a must try but please remember it will take about 20 minutes for an order.
2_star Here for Pool League game. Most tables are well groomed, balls are shiny and nick free. Plenty of TVs to keep up with NFL Sunday games. Food is a bit over priced and nothing to write home about. Service is good, wait staff is very friendly.
1_star Really! This was not a nice place. I was ignored then treated rudely and don't know what the problem was. I finally left without getting anything.
3_star One of my favorite places for pork bone soups, dumplings and pan cake with chives and eggs. Don't order anything else. Utensils can be dirty. Service can be slow. Don't expect friendly staff there. You get what you pay for !!!
1_star It was my first experience last night at 11pm and I had the A-bomb. I had found a small piece of clear sharp plastic in the A-bomb. I believe I had ate more pieces which I thought were chips on the dog. It was brought to the attention of the worker's and they didn't have much concern that I found that on the hot dog. The worker picked the plastic out of my chewed hotdog and said he didn't know where it would of came from. If I was a employee than I wouldn't want to be serving anymore food to customers. I left unhappy and went home and at 6 am I woke up and was coughing up a small amount of blood and I had a sore throat and chest pain. If the bleeding got worse than I would have gone to the ER. They are lucky I didn't/ don't follow through with a lawsuit. This place has the worst customer service and I don't recommend this place to anyone!!
4_star I'd love to give Daily Dose 5 stars. Just can't. The service is too spotty. One day, service is great, the next it's terrible. Food is consistently very good. Great for breakfast and lunch with an underrated happy hour.
2_star The lunch menu is $11.95 +tax! And I was very disappointed. Indian food is my fav cuisine and this was not up to par
5_star Only the best Mexican Restaurant ever! Get the cheese enchilada and chips and salsa are addicting. The service is always on par and the everything on the menu is great but I'm a creature of habit. If there was a negative on this place it's that it's a tad on the expensive side. Enjoy
1_star I'm eaten at Dickies countless times, however I'm compelled to write this review based on trying a new location. Warning, the menu has completely changed, portion sizes are smaller, and prices have gone up. And the worst thing is that they no longer have French fries or any fried food for that matter and the ice cream machine is GONE!! Also, the beef brisket sandwich is now completely plain, no onions or pickles. I just feel like I was ripped off compared to the old menu, prices, and amenities. I don't plan on ever going back ...
5_star FINNALY!! We found an amazing sushi bar near Parma!! This is a quaint and very clean eatery with wonderful service and extremely good food!! We've been there twice now and plan on making this a regular date-night destination.
3_star really juicy fried chicken, but tasted a bit sweet which is not my type. wings are really nice, crispy outside. spicy ones are not spicy to me. good to have variety in Toronto, should try it if u like fried chicken
5_star GO TO THE BARRELHOUSE! I've been there a few times and they always have great food and service. It's in a very random strip mall, but perhaps that helps to keep the prices reasonable. Great drinks!! Don't hesitate!
3_star It's airport food . Actually not bad airport. Just not a 4 star place. Sandwich had decent flavor. Baguette roll could have been better being toasted. A bit pricey and being anything more than a few sides you had to pay extra. My food was fresh and moist.my kid had the turkey sandwich on the same roll and felt about the same. We felt the food being made to order and you had the selection to personalize the selection helps this place. It did not feel fast food. A few tweaks and I felt they could earn that higher star rating. Past reviews had horrible pictures so I took a few to help out.
2_star I'll start by saying that I have been eating at this restaurant regularly for about a year. I work nearby and often grab breakfast on the way or stop over for lunch. I typically go here because there aren't any other "healthy" restaurants in the area. Let's start with the quality- The other day I ordered a sandwich to go with a side of broccoli. When I opened my tin after leaving I found a SINGLE piece of broccoli. ONE. I once ordered a salad to go for 9.50 and it was nothing more than a handful of bagged lettuce with a piece of bread on top. I once ordered a poached egg "to-go" and after over 25 minutes of waiting they explained to me that the water wouldn't boil and that it would be just a little bit longer. Finally after 30 minutes I asked them to make a different kind of egg, which took them another 10 minutes. 40 minutes in total for a "to-go" order. Next the taste - Some of their food is reasonable when it comes to taste. Obviously, the more unhealthy the better tasting. The pancakes are very good (hard to screw up), sandwiches slathered in cheese and salads slathered in dressing are good too. If you are looking for something healthy, this is not the place to go. Everything is covered in oil. Eggs always come brown (if they are anything but scrambled) and taste gross, "healthy salads" essentially contain no ingredients, vegetable sides are more oil than vegetable, and vegan or vegetarian sandwiches taste like nothing unless they put hummus on it (which is their best-tasting item on the menu). Lastly, let's get to what put me over the edge today - their service quality. Firstly, I should say that they are INCREDIBLY slow regardless of time of day that you visit. Don't come here intending to get anything "to-go" if you really have to go. Anyway, this morning, I went in to order an oatmeal (which is just rolled oats heated with some water). This is something I do often. For God knows what reason, it takes them between 10-15 minutes to make a "to-go" oatmeal every time. They didn't have any bananas today, so I decided that while I was waiting I would go across the street to buy a banana for my oatmeal. This took about 3 minutes. Apparently, the guy working the register (who has never once been friendly to me and always seems to act as if I've killed his cat at one point or another) was upset that I left for 3 minutes. When my oatmeal came out about 5 minutes later, I left, took it to my office, and popped it open, only to taste it and find that he had put a large quantity of salt in there. Apparently I made him mad by leaving for 3 minutes while they took 10 minutes to make my oatmeal, and he decided to punish me. I was willing to put up with everything else until now, but I think this was the straw that broke the camel's back. The one good thing about this restaurant is that the owner is very nice. He seems to care about his customers, but he doesn't seem to care about the quality of fake-healthy food he feeds them. My conclusions are: Go here if: you have a lot of time to spare, you don't mind eating something fake-healthy or unhealthy, you don't mind overpaying for food, and if you're not that hungry so you have time to wait for your food to come out. Do not go here if: you are in a hurry, you want something actually nutritious, you want cheap food, or you want a lot of food.
5_star Pepperoni pizza and spaghetti with meatballs. Both excellent. Looking forward to my next order.
4_star Good tacos - quick service - nothing bad to say about this place - planning on going back to check out the Friday / Saturday special
2_star First off the customer service in this place is great. I walked in to the mac shack wanting and hoping for a warm, cheesy, goodness that would be the next new level in my mac and cheese arsenal. so I ordered the "smoke house" mac and cheese, which by the description from the menu sounded ridiculous. I was pumped, I thought to my self man this is going to be epic!!! also got the garlic bread (because I love some good garlic bread) so I sat down in there very well done restaurant area Then a short time after I got the soup...I mean mac ... well it could have passed for soup. looking at it stomach rumbling I take a bite, instantly an overwhelming taste of very sweet bbq sauce hit my taste buds and not a hint of the smoked gouda as promised from the menu. The dish resembled vodka sauce and mac elbows, no cheese and so much soupy sauce that I could soke it up with the garlic butter covered little Cesar's style bread sticks. after about 6 bites I gave up and abandoned the dish. I do really wish that I would have had a better experience at this fast casual restaurant. maybe the cook needs to be retrained or replaced either way they wont getting any $13 lunches from me. to me first impressions are everything and should be. this places food did not impress me in the slightest.
3_star Service has been great both times that we've dined. I wish their salsas were more authentic and not so sweet! Their green sauce was sweet like candy and even their red sauce was too sweet. I know some salsas are made to be sweet but that should be an option...I expect a spicy salsa delivered with chips! The food was pretty good but I would've loved it even more if I could've smothered it in some authentic salsa! Atmosphere is good but the booth seats are in pretty bad shape. Overall this wouldn't be a first choice or even a second choice of Mexican food for me.
3_star Service was just average. I had the penne cleopatra which is pasta with salmon in a rose sauce. It was very good but don't expect a large piece of salmon as the salmon is intermingled with the pasta in small bits. My friend had the Vittello Marsala and really enjoyed it. We did not have dessert as we were completely full after our meals (large portions). We would come back as the food was good, but the three stars are for average service.
2_star 3rd visit and it waste worst visit. A Wednesday night big crowd for pre 6 o'clock and they were overwhelmed at the bar. Wrong orders , no drinks and generally slow service. And this is during the slow summer , hate to see the winter snow bird season
3_star I used to think they had the best tonkotsu ramen in Arizona but lately something changed. It's not as good as before. The soup tastes weaker and the meat is harder and tastes different. Also, miso soup should never come out by its self for Japanese food.
5_star Literally the best banh mi place. Super fast, really tasty, huge portion and really cheap. The store sold other vietnamese food items on the side too but the banh mi is so good. There are so many different kinds of meat, I always get excited when I visit.
1_star The food was ok and waitress there was not too friendly. And when she served us we felt very uncomfortable. It's first time and last time.
5_star It doesn't get any better than Wing Heaven on Durango! I was planning my son's wedding and after one conversation with the owner I was confident I was making the right choice. He went above and beyond to create the perfect menu and personally took control to ensure our every need was fulfilled. And don't get me started on how amazing the wings and catfish were!!! The Garlic Parmesan is definitely my favorite! Whether it's a Superbowl Party, Bachelor Party, or Wedding Tony and his Team are my first choice. Already going back for the New Year's Eve Party! Now that's how you earn a loyal client for life!
1_star I don't see what all the hype is over this store. I have visited twice thinking I should give it a second chance but this trip was as bad as the first. This store is really dark, makes me wonder what they don't want you to see. The classical music playing throughout the place is cheesy. The produce section that everyone raves about is just ok. The Organic area is small and the regular section was mostly picked over and empty. I actually put the produce I had selected back and will just head to Whole Foods tomorrow after work. The butchers didn't seem friendly and couldn't even make eye contact with me. Many of the items I looked at are priced just as high as other markets. Self checkouts are tacky and the lady running it seemed to think she was better than the job she was working. The one thing that really bothered me was the way the employees were starring at the black couple checking out, like they were trying to steal. They were so caught up in it that they didn't even see the rest of us customers watching them. Sad really. I will not shop here ever again, they don't deserve my money or the lame "best of las vegas" rating they plaster all over the front of the joint.
3_star Morcilla is for a bit more particular appetite. You need to be into sausages and meat to really get a good experience here. Your waiter will do an excellent job of getting you through the menu and finding things you want to try but, I would never guarantee anyone that they will like it here. I ordered the potato chips, octopus, and their variety sausages. I thought everything was good but don't see myself going back due to the price and particular menu. I've heard people rave about their sangria and thought it was terrible.
5_star This place is amazing. The price is great, food is awesome, and service is super fast. I randomly found this place last year, and as a visitor to Vegas, I hate paying strip prices for quality sushi. But all you can eat for $24?! Yes, please! Normally all you can eat sushi is crappy rolls, but this is premium stuff here, so it's well worth the money. Definitely a must eat if you're looking for great sushi but don't want to pay $200 for two people.
3_star Its one of those places that makes you forget you are in Vegas. Diverse crowds, people actually reading and/or conversing. Great coffee and pastry. I wouldn't say this is a great place to meet people, but more like a great place for people to meet. If you and your group want to see something else in Vegas besides clubs and drunk people dancing you can go here for stimulating ambiance.
4_star This place is great! a few small tables, nothing fancy and clean. It seemed they had a lot of carry out. The Owner/Chef was very friendly and the food was great! We ordered a small serving of Hummus and it was delicious and plenty to share with someone. We also order Falafel, it was just okay and I've had better. We also thought 5 in an order for 8.99 was a little over priced. My husband had the Mezza Gyro and I had the Souvlaki. They were both delicious and came with some chopped up lettuce and homemade pickled turnips on the side. The pickled turnips were good too. The pita was one of the best ones I've had, they were loaded with meat. I tried some of my husbands Gyro meat and it was great! You could actually taste the meat and not just all the spices. We live a good 50 minutes from this place and would eat there again in a minute. It's worth the stop!
2_star I use to order out a lot from Longo's but I prefer other restaurants. Longo's is very inconsistent and I no longer am interested in ordering from there. I tried speaking to management but it led to a debate....no debate the pizza was cold and the wings had hardly no sauce on them. I switched my business to either Master Pizza in Painesville or Mama Roberto's for pizza. For wings go to Wing Stop.
3_star The food is ok. The place smells old carpet but has nice soothing decor. Not kids friendly menu though & the waiter told me they do not have spoons for the kids. He gave me a gigantic bent up spoon instead.
1_star Worst service ever!! Came here a couple nights ago and we had to literally wave down the bartenders to serve us after sitting at the bar and being ignored for 15 minutes. We would finish our drinks and then have to do it again. There were only about 5 other people there at the time, but we were the only 2 not gambling, which is most likely why we got ignored. The bartenders need to learn some manners and customer service. Lost 2 customers that night
4_star If you are on a budget and have a huge appetite after a whole day of shopping on Queen or writing 2 midterms in a row, grab a friend and share one of their huge rotis. The place is packed during peak hours, so don't count on sitting at one of their 2 tables to devour your butter chicken.
3_star Wirklich gute Würzung, ja. Und ordentlicher Kaffee, ja. Und lässiges Lokal, ja. Was aber soll der Hype? Die ewige Schlange? Die betont langsame Abfertigung? Solchen Geschmack gibt es in Europa an jeder Ecke. Ohne Anstehen. Aber unter Blinden ist der Einäugige König.
3_star The sign for the 4.99 pho is still up but that is no longer going on. Honestly bummed 4 egg rolls cost over $7 all of the small pho is about $6 pretty much a dollar more no big deal but I've been here 5 times this time I went through my whole meal no water isn't that just something all places start with bring you water while you decide on what you want to eat. Just no good for me got my Thai tea and my black coffee but no waters until I was done with my food and my mouth was burning because I eat everything with a side of jalapeños either way I'll still go eat there if my guy picks the place.
2_star Excellent quality and service. However, why is it that the more you pay the less one gets? This has become one of THOSE restaurants. My wife loves sushi and was so looking forward to dining here. Unfortunately, the ridiculously high prices and extremely minimal quantity basically ruined our experience. The tuna sushi pieces and rolls were about half or less of what we are served when dining at most other sushi restaurants. Sensei in the Hawaiian islands is world renown but still maintains quality and quantity at reasonable prices. If they can do it why can't Roka Akor? Akai Hana in Goodyear serves huge portions. Really, it just is not worth it unless money is no object for you.....sorry but it's true.
5_star This was our first time at Scrambles, and it won't be our last. Great breakfast, good coffee and attentive service! Our server, I think her name is Lynette, was very kind and we enjoyed chatting with her. We went around 2, and I thought we would be rushed or get sort or the "leftovers", but the food was delicious!
1_star Worst customer service ever experienced by our group of five. Very rude waitresses Embarrassment to our guests from out of country. Best to drive to Mississauga location for both food and service. Going to a nearby bakery for coffee and dessert since they clearly didn't care to provide any service.
2_star Let's just say to start that I am a huge fan of Gordon Ramsay. This restaurant however, shows some serious irony as to how he shows himself on television when it comes to running a kitchen. To start we had the kettle chip nachos. These had a nice flavor and the meat was tender. We ordered the Hog Burger and the Ultimate Cheeseburger with a side of Truffle Parmesan Fries. We ordered the ultimate cheeseburger medium rare and the hog burger well. We were told that the burgers take at least twenty minutes to come out since they are made fresh to order. We had no problem with the wait. The burgers arrived.... the ultimate cheeseburger was cooked perfect and had great seasoning and flavor in the first bite... the next bite and the rest ended up tasteless and boring. The cheese even lacked flavor. The hog burger, that was just under cooked. When getting to the middle of the burger the pork was cold, mushy and well... was just raw. When we brought it to the attention of the waitress, now this is where it gets good, her response was, "Well that is the type of pork it is." We showed her that the middle was cold and raw and she continued by saying, "The chef says that it is the type of burger that no matter how long you cook it the meat stays red and that the center doesn't cook all the way, that it is the way it should be." I tried not to laugh. Kitchen Nightmares flashed in my head and I could picture Gordon Ramsay saying,"You bloody idiot". The sad part is this restaurant bares the name of Gordon Ramsay a man who prides himself on how food is prepared and consistency of what comes out of his kitchens. I am just hoping that serving raw pork is not what his chefs think is best for his customers. In this case they should be embarrassed.
3_star The chicken salad is tasty, but their bread is "blah" and they don't have the ability to toast. In my opinion, if you're a sandwich shop, you ought to be able to toast bread upon request. I have eaten here 4 times. 3 of the 4 I received great customer service. They have a variety of chicken salads to choose from (check out their menu) & I recommend purchasing them as a scoop, as the bread really takes away from the tastiness of their chicken. As a side note, this would be a great place to go for those of you that don't eat gluten IF something came with the scoops other than club crackers.
3_star Great pizza, BUT be careful while you order. Specially when picking up - make sure your box has what you ordered. No matter if order details are repeated several times by both parties you could end up with something different.
2_star Ugh the mussels verde were disgusting. Small portion with three mussels and even delivered with one closed! Good service though. It was comped but very fishy
3_star The only reason I didnt give this restaurant a 5 star rating is because of the service. Servers were not very friendly and were slightly rude. We actually noticed them looking at the customers and sort of making fun of people. That was a big turn off for all of us. It seemed as they didnt want to spend too much time with customers, they were more interested in watching the belly dance performance :-) The atmosphere and music are great, belly dancers are beautiful and very good performers. They serve a 6 course meal, which I really enjoyed. My favorite was definitely desert: chocolate, cinnamon and pastry.. it was heavenly. Overall tasty food and fun atmosphere, but servers ruined what couldve been a great experience.
4_star The food was really good, and damn spicey. The portions were huge, I don't think I was able to eat even half of it. This is probably the best cajun place I have been too outside of NOLA.
2_star I ordered a rare ribeye steak and got an almost raw steak and not a lot of flavor, barely worth the $40 price tag
5_star Put simply. Great service, 5 star food for half the price. Good wine selection. Great place to go on a date.
3_star Something has changed and not for the better since they were on bar rescue. I use to come here after school for lunch and was never left disappointed. I went again maybe a month ago and something just doesn't feel right. The service is the same as always but the food has taken a turn. It's hard to put into words but I feel like eating here will lead to food poisoning. Not sure if I can come back for the food :/
2_star Mediocre is what i will rate it. I ordered miso base, i would rate the broth 3.5 stars. The reason i took away 1.5 star was because i was served my ramen hot but not pipping hot when it should be, due to this half way through the meal the broth was barely warm. Also the tamago was over cooked. I had Monta yesterday, thats a 5 star tonkatsu ramen i had.
2_star My daughter and I just had lunch an hour ago at the Guadalupe and Dobson location, we had never been there before and wanted to try it. So there was a staff of about 12 people between bartenders, wait staff and kitchen staff, only 5 tables of customers. My first impression was "gosh this place is dirty and old". Torn chair seats, stuff all over the floor, windows incredibly filthy, outside patio yuck...But, in the interest of the food, decided to continue to a small table next to the gross window. The table top was an old door with a piece of glass over it, cute idea until you look at how stains of old food and drink (obviously from spills) had gotten under the glass and were not cleaned up. The waitress met us and presented our menus, and took our drink order (water and iced tea). Three pages of my menu fell out, they were so old that the glue no longer kept them in the menu book. After about 20 minutes, the waitress came to take our order the rest of the time, she and the other 7 "non kitchen" help were standing in a group in the back of the restaurant laughing and talking about personal stuff (we could hear them loud and clear)...a bit perturbed that it took 20 minutes to get our order placed. Not once did she ask to refill our tea or water.... Really feel like the staff should be doing more than standing around bullshitting. How about pick up a rag and clean? Sweep? Mop? Wipe down the fan blades (disgusting)? The pasties that we had were good...but ambiance, cleanliness, service...no way!
5_star The pizza here is delicious. Mod could stand for modern cause they have vegan cheese too! Big pluses: *they have crushed ice *their trash has three areas for recycle, trash, and compost. It's a lot of fun to sit by the trash receptacles and see whether or not people are throwing their trash in the right container. A heads up- they usually don't. COME ON PEOPLE. But food is good, service is great.
2_star The Good: It's one of the few places that is open 24 hours. This can be pretty scary at 3 a.m., but it's nice to know you have more than just Denny's as an option. Frisco melt has always been a favorite of mine, chili cheese fries- obviously the steak burgers and the milk shakes, for name's sake. They offer so many flavor combinations it's hard to decide on one- chocolate + banana, chocolate + peanut butter... The Bad: I never could understand why it took so long to make a milkshake. I mean, it is what these people are famous for. I have never ordered a milkshake and had it delivered to my table in less than 15 minutes any time I've ever been to any Steak N Shake. The food is bad- not literally, but for you and even though you may feel happy and content eating it, that feeling won't last for too long once you have finished your meal. The food will congeal into a mass of grease and dairy in your stomach and you won't be able to move. The Ugly: While I do like the food- in a horrible, bent on self destruction, need to eat the worst thing for me kind of way- there's something about eating in this location that makes me feel like I'm dining in a port-o-potty. Like everything is covered in germs. The smells in that place can only come from mopping with a filthy mop and dirty water. My advice- use the drive thru!
1_star I came here to order Clam Chowder. Usually I order it from Tide's Oyster Bar, but decided to give another place a try. BIG MISTAKE!! It was more like a bacon soup. If that's what I wanted to eat, no problem. Seriously, I don't care what anyone says. Bacon on clam chowder is just plain wrong. And it made is super greasy. Worst clam chowder ever!!!
3_star I like Pita Jungle, I really do, lots of good food, good service. But there is one problem for me who is a Vegan, but also on a low-fat diet. Its that their food, while much does not contain animal products, is pretty high in fat. Even things that shouldn't be high in fat. Example, the Grilled Vegetable Salad has 52 grams of fat. The Veggie Burger, 41 grams of fat. Just a Beef Gyro has 55 grams of fat, 22 of which are saturated fat. And a Veggie Garden Wrap, 30 grams of fat. I make many of these same things at home with 10% of the fat or less, and they taste great. There isn't any reason they can't as well. For a regular restaurant I could live with this, but for one that puts itself off as healthy, I'm not so sure.
2_star I'm a big fan of ayce sushi was excited to go here. Service was great, water was always full. I did find it annoying that the server did have to confirm our order before it got sent in, I've been to others places with iPad ordering, they never had to do that. but the food still came fast. The sushi was warm and not evenly cut & the las vegas roll tasted like it was canned salmon. we got dishes we didn't order & I was disappointed with there menu ( not alot of options ). there décor was nice. didn't like there table layout. had to share a table with other people, couldn't get a single table even tho there was multiple empty ones and a wait for a booth was 20 mins or more. I probably won't come back to this ayce, there better.
4_star Not bad overall. the beer ws excellent, the salad was wilted, probably sitting for some time. Service was slow, up to 10 minutes to get the order after walking in and another 10 for the beer to be delivered. But you go there for the beer, and their KBS was unbeatable, porter and imperial stout was great.
1_star NO Taste, NO Flavor, unacceptable imitation of Italian Food. Noodles were not cooked correctly Sauce is without spice. I would not recommend this eatery to anyone! In The ad it says there is waiter service this is not true you do serve yourself.
4_star Best wings I've had in North Toronto. We got the wimps' versions - mild and spicy honey garlic. Both were amazing though and had just enough kick for those with slight aversion to the super spice :) We will be back for the hot ones!
2_star Ordered several six cheese type bagels, fellow asked if I wanted them sliced, of course.Big mistake, the bagels were cut so uneven I had to throw several out. Next time I'll sliced them my self
4_star This is probably the classiest buffet in Vegas. Go before 7:30 pm to avoid the lines. It's pretty pricey (about $48 I think) but worth it. What really makes this buffet is the crab legs. Yes, unlimited crab legs. So delicious, and the buffet practically pays for itself, considering crab legs at a restaurant at the Wynn will run you at least $55.. This isn't the largest buffet in Vegas but what it lacks in quantity it makes up for in quality. The best dish I had was the deep fried turkey. Best turkey I've ever had. I also noticed that some of the offerings, like the pretzel bread, cupcakes, and gelato, are the same as those offered at other restaurants at the Wynn. This is a great way to sample what the Wynn restaurants offer at a fraction of the price. There is a whole room full of hand-crafted desserts, including a crepes station with a variety of fillings. Visited June 2013
4_star We celebrated our anniversary at this lovely little tucked away restaurant in Brooklin. We were seated at a table upstairs in a somewhat cosy nook and while there were other diners nearby it still felt quite intimate. I started with the crispy baked cauliflower with a lovely tandoori barbeque sauce and my husband had fresh Caesar salad which was not overdressed. We had ordered the smoked mac & cheese to share as a side which never came but that was fine with us because between appetizers and our main course we were full at the end of dinner. Hubby had the Cornish hen with polenta fries which were tender yet crispy and I had the salmon on a bed of soba noodles. Little salty but the salmon was done to perfection and just the right potion. The service was efficient and not overly personal which was fine by us. We do plan to return to have that yummy sounding mac & cheese and perhaps indulgent dessert. The patio looks lovely so look forward to returning in warmer weather!
4_star Your experience at Wet Willie's depends on A. the location, 2. the music, and 3. the crowd. Compared to the Wet Willie's in South Beach, Miami, Charlotte sucks. BUT this isn't Miami, it's Charlotte, so you take it how it is. Went here on a Friday night and was very disappointed because they had a live band playing all night, which was so-so. But the crowd was and older crowd(30+) who didn't seem to know how to have a good time. Since that time, I've been back 3 times, all on Saturdays. The music is great, the drinks are the same(we always have a few shots & mixed drinks along with our slushies), and the food is tasty. I have tried the spinach dip(not so good) and the bbq wings, which I adore! The sauce is soooooo good, I get their wings every time I go. I even dream about them during the week haha. My best bet, is to go on a Saturday night, get really drunk, and dance like noones watching and I guarantee you'll have a blast!
5_star I had such a great evening at M Italian. Our waitress was phenomenal! She was prompt, funny and knowledgeable about the menu. The food was delicious I ordered the Wedding soup, Italian meatball and mushroom pizza from the Happy Hour Menu. The meal was DELICIOUS! The Wedding soup was created from a family recipe and it was so flavorful, it warmed the soul. The Italian meatballs were moist and tender. The tomato sauce and cheese that topped this dish raised the flavors of a simple meatball; to meatball perfection in a dish...I will order this again! The pizza was cooked well and made with quality ingredients. The food portions were generous. I was able to take food home to eat for lunch the next day. At the conclusion of my meal, the manager stopped by our table to ask about our evening. He was a pleasure to meet. After talking with our party of 4, he sent over a sample drink for our party to try. Of course, it was DELICIOUS! Needless to say, I will be a regular patron at M Italian. I will update my comment after my next visit to include the names of the wonderful people who made my evening special.
4_star Cafe Nervosa is the fast food version of dining in Yorkville. Don't get me wrong here I mean that literally. It is FAST. They usher you in, and get you out faster than a celebrity at Ultra, but that is what I expect when I eat here. The tables on the patio are extremely close together it may as well be a communal dinner table, but I kinda dig that! (make a note here folks.. the business that you are spilling to your friend just got a lot more public so ammend where needed!) I've had both pasta here and the pizza. Both are decent! Perfect for a post mani/pedi lunch or a pre-movie dinner. If you are looking for something unpretentious in Yorkville, wih the price point to match.. go. Would I go if I wasn't in the area? Probably not, but there are just too many restaurants to try now aren't there??
3_star The service was amazing and our waitress was always there without us asking or waiting for her. But the food is not the best. It is not the worst as well. But compared to Montreal having many specialty restaurants you can find a better Mexican restaurant either in downtown or mile end.
5_star Was in town this weekend and my girlfriend and I wanted some good clean eating. Started with Edamame dumplings and the pomegranate limeade. Both were very good . The red chili shrimp entree was basically one of the best noodle dishes I've had in years. Flavor was perfect and noodles and shrimp perfectly cooked. Coming from and Asian guy that's a serious compliment. Overall service was excellent, staff was very pleasant and gave great recommendations. They even gave us a hummus plate cause it was our first time there
5_star We had lunch here while in town and glad we did. If there was a taco y taco in my hometown, I'd eat there regularly. The asada and carnitas tacos were very tasty. I also had a vampiro for the first time. It was outstanding, as well.
1_star we went to celebrate my sons "15" birthday we told them as soon as we walked in . the server took a super long time to come get our order . Then forgot my daughters drink . It took forever to get our meal. we told this waitress twice that it was my sons birthday and that we were here to celebrate and still nothing. After twenty minutes passed , We asked if he could get some ice cream or something to celebrate. She brought a small ice cream and stated she couldn't sing if we could help which we did we understand maybe she was shy. Not the place to go to celebrate your party . :(
4_star The kitchen is wonderful but go on the weekend, sit at the bar. Dan, likely the best bartender in the city, could not be more fun.
2_star First time to the Market. It was ok. I would have rated this higher except for a couple of glitches. Wife & I shared the sausage pizza, roasted beet salad, I added a cup of minestrone and we had a couple of beers. The soup came out first, per my request. Good with a bit of pesto on top, just not hot enough. I would say it was lukewarm. The roasted beet salad was great. Nothing wrong there. I was surprised and frankly disappointed with the pizza. It looked great, tasted good, but the crust was soft. I was expecting a crust with a crunch, not the soft crust that I got. Maybe that is how the crust comes out of their oven, but with a 900 degree wood fired oven I have always gotten a crunch on the crust. P.S. Make sure your pizza cook wears his gloves when handling ready to eat food
2_star We tried this truck at the DC Ranch Community Center Food Truck Night. We were really excited to try it based on previous reviews. Then we got there. The wait was over 45 minutes and what we received was far from what I'd call good. The burger tasted like it had been pre-made, It was thick and dry. It definitely was not cooked there. Or maybe it was and the meat was super poor quality. I've had better at Five Guys I'm ashamed to admit, and the Aioli was bland and tasted like nothing. We tried 3 different burgers and while the toppings on the Pancetta burger were at least somewhat good, the burger itself was a grave disappointment. The trucks service was painfully slow and they were out of a lot of things despite us arriving relatively early. I love supporting local businesses especially food trucks but this one left us all underwhelmed.
2_star Pros: Friendly staff, nice decor and clean area. Grills and fatayer are ok. Great location. Opens late. Compared with the surrounding fast food restaurants, this might be the healthiest and tastiest alternative. If you want arabic fast food, then look no further. The McDonalds of arabic food in toronto -though a bit healthier-. Cons: Can be a bit crowded at times. Salads are not good. Sweets are super market quality. The food is average at best. This place would not survive in an arabic country. Sadly it is one of those places that can get away with below average food given the populace's unfamiliarity with actual good arabic food. Overpriced for the quality. Alternative: Arz fine foods offers surprisingly well made -and cheap- arabic salads, appetizers and cookies. Location sucks, though =/ .
1_star Terrible service started when my meal was delivered 25 min after the rest of my party. It ended with stone cold coffee.
2_star I shouldn't complain I got a free dinner for my birthday,but the steak is only mediocre. The onion soup is to die for,.my wife's crab cakes were great.The service that night was outstanding, there was nothing more our servers could to enhance the evening. I just wish they has a steak as good as Fleming's or City Hall.
5_star OMG that food is amazing. I got the chorizo breakfast crepe burrito. So amazing. Lattes are amazing too.
3_star Overall, a fairly tasty place for breakfast - with good portions at fair prices (yes to malty, huge pancakes, but no to icky, super-finely diced corned beef hash). However, the dingy, outdated decor, left over from the previous, long-running tenant, is a detriment to the joint. A select few old timers may love the unchanged surroundings, but worn and greasy, with 80s vibe, is anything but the "fresh start" promised by their spiffy, bright,modern "Fresh Start" logo.
1_star I'd heard good things about joy bistro and went today for weekend brunch. After 2 cups of weak coffee, and over an hour of waiting for scrambled eggs and eggs Bennie we were told that our order was lost. We and two other tables got up and left. I guess we'll never know how the breakfast is. The environment was great, but based on the drink service (had to chase our waitress down repeatedly) and the fact that we had to ask after an hour before they realized there was no food coming to a whole section I'm not planning on giving them a second chance.
1_star I was visiting my family in Ohio from my home in Arizona when we went to this restaurant. My father and I always enjoy getting drinks with our steaks when we go out to eat. It is a huge tradition to us. When I ordered my drink I was denied due to the fact my Arizona license expires in 2058. I spoke to the manager and he said my ID was "un-legitimate". I had multiple forms of ID with me as well as debit cards that had my name on them but he still said he couldn't allow me to drink. He even talked to the owner of the restaurant and they still denied me. The manager was rude and very disrespectful. We left due to the fact that I did not want to give them my business. 1 star*
5_star Great food!!! Our bartender Erik took care of my fiance and I very well. Great atmosphere and prices!!! We highly recommend this restaurant!!!
2_star BAD CUSTOMER SERVICE!!!! STAFF RUDE! Sunday night (02/26/2017 6:14 pm) at your store. Order a 6 inch pizza; after seeing customers who came in after me. Leave out with their order; ask cashier what happen to me order. The responds, " I don't know." Oh, your pizza was dropped. Ok, when were they going to tell me???? WOW!!!! Then you think they would have made my pizza first, right??? NO!!! WOOW.......and still was not making my order. Well, I sat down thinking they would make make my order. After another person left out; I just ask for my money back. When trying to get the money back; the person who was taking the pizza out of the oven....................did not have a clue what was going on with the order!!!! Guess what....still have not make my pizza!!! WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE!!!! That was a big fail with your staff on customer service; may be if the pizza maker was not joking around and laughing he would not have dropped the pizza. Served with Love......NOT AT THIS LOCATION!!!!!!!
5_star Great little spot. I stopped in for some wine and eats and was pleasantly surprised. The atmosphere is spot on and has a laid back feeling. The particular wine I ordered was fantastic but the food was what impressed me. Even the simple bread board was awesome. Some olive oil on the side with some sunken balsamic .... yum. The lardon bruschetta board was unreal. The homemade mayo spread was creamy and dilish. The owner Jim introduced himself and was super friendly. I'm really diggin this joint and plan on returning soon. Clev Hts needed a non Lee Rd'ish spot like this.
5_star We go to Ka Chi weekly and it's definitely our go-to destination for a good, cheap and quick meal. It's all about the pork bone soup it certainly measures up against everywhere else we've been in Toronto, so much so that I know that it's generally 53 that I'm ordering off the menu. The dolsot bibimbap is pretty awesome as well, plus you get all the assortment of side dishes. I find this location better than the newly opened one down the road on Dundas and a nose ahead of the original location in Ktown.
2_star 2.2 stars. Sorry, but no. Excellent service of low quality, way over-salted food. Salad bar had three kinds of lettuce but a very strange selection of other items. I was trying to figure out just how to make a regular ol' salad with baby gerkins, radishes, and lettuce...is that a salad? Not to me. There weren't even any onions! There were quite a few flies though. Several were buzzing around the salad bar. A few visited us over at our table, too. Salmon and clams were very fishy smelling. Even after drenching my seafood in lemon, I couldn't eat more than one bite of each due to the overwhelming fishiness. I feel bad fo the staff here. They are trying very hard at this labor intensive set-up. It's not their fault they have to serve such horrid crap but they do it with a smile. $40 per person on this low quality for the Prime Rodizio is WAY over the top. If they had more volume, they'd be able to turn the quality up and the price down. I had a $15 gift card that I got in the mail, so we tried it. Not worth it, even with the discount. I am a foodie and regularly spend anywhere from $20-$200 per meal with no alcohol. I can aslo handle McDonalds. I could not handle Via Brasil. I got a severe headache the next day, rare for me, which I believe is from the abundace of salt that I ate at Via Brasil. Fortunatley, it went away after I guzzled lots of water. I won't be able to go back to Via Brasil and I cannot recommend it.
3_star Great food. Terrible service. My husband, a friend, and I dined here august 14th. The host and servers were all very cold. We are tourists and I'm not sure if that had anything to do with how we were treated.
4_star We visited the Taverne of Richfield for dinner on a beautiful Tuesday night, so we took advantage and dined on the patio. Our whole experience from atmosphere to drink to food to service was excellent. This is our second dinner outing at the Taverne of Richfield, and it gets better every visit. The patio is very large and nicely landscaped and sectioned with stepped up areas, trellises, and a fountain surrounded by foliage. The fountain wasn't running but I imagine it is on more crowded evenings. It seems like this would be a fabulous happy hour or night out on the weekend. Our evening started off with a glass of Chardonnay with their complimentary warm house-made bread. An amazing blend of crusty on the outside and moist and buttery inside. This was accompanied with with a bright, lemon-basil olive oil dip. We would come back just for the bread and dip alone! Next we had an equally refreshing green apple / cabbage salad with goat cheese - a frequent and welcome ingredient on their menu. He had a generous portioned, pecan-crusted chicken with goat cheese on top. Served with thinly sliced, crispy fingerling potatoes and baby carrots with a tasty butter-sage sauce. Moist and delicious, with nice presentation. I had gnocchi which was super flavorful and lemony with roasted tomatoes. My only criticism is I wish there were more vegetables in the dish to offset the denseness of the gnocchi. Don't get me wrong - they were very good, but another texture and flavor would have been welcome to lighten it up - especially as the only vegetarian entree. As always, we asked many questions about the line up of evening entertainment, menu items and happy hour deals to which our server josh, never flinched. He was very knowledgeable and attentive and clued us into all the happenings so that we will surely return to try them out. For those living in the surrounding areas of Richfield, this is a gem right in your backyard. Embrace it. The restaurant is located at the corner of Rt. 303 and Broadview Road with great parking and old inn vibe. Definitely worth the drive from anywhere. Enjoy.
1_star THIS PLACE IS CLOSED. I made reservations at the beginning of the month through Open Table and had been looking forward to going all week as a date night with the hubs. We received a confirmation email yesterday for our reservations last night, but when we arrived there was a sign on the door saying that Searsucker was closed. I thought it a bit rude that they didn't even call us to let us know. When I looked it up on-line today, I found out that it is closed permanently (and seemingly suddenly). I hope that all of the workers can find new positions; otherwise, what a crappy way to start the new year. (http://www.azcentral.com/thingstodo/dining/articles/20140108searsucker-scottsdale-closes-closed.html)
1_star My penne was swimming in cream when it was no supposed to be. No pesto flavour to be had as it was pesto penne advertised, mushroom was so thinly sliced could not even taste it in all that cream, no flavour at all. The waitress did not seem interested to help me out here, she was 'sorry'. No happy hour, no half litre of wine - skip this location!
1_star I should have know while entering Buraka, and not smelling the overwhelming smell of Berbere and coffee that I should have left. Ethiopian food is my favorite, and my wife is from Ethiopia. I am no stranger to the food, but this food tasted like Indian food 100%. It has to be the worst Ethiopian food I have ever eaten, and I question if the patrons ever tasted real Ethiopian food again with these reviews? We wanted to love this food so badly, but I was so disappointed and unable to finish our family tray.
5_star I would understand the skepticism from those who might say "Really? The 'Best Pizza in the World' is in Phoenix?" Well, I haven't been around the world, so I can't say, but what I CAN say is that the pizza at Pizzeria Bianco is outstanding. My brother just visited but was only here on a Sunday, and he was very upset they weren't open because he had been looking forward to returning for months! It's usually pretty busy - you might get lucky and be seated immediately, but be prepared to wait. I've tried four of their pizzas and they are all outstanding. The dough is probably the best I've ever had, the combination of flavors is simple and powerful, the sausage is exquisite (made specifically for the restaurant), and the prices are outstanding for the quality of the food. It's a place that I will treasure taking visitors, very conveniently located downtown (though parking can be tough in the small lot immediately adjacent). Best in the world? Possibly - certainly worth deciding for yourself!
5_star Amazing food!! three things you half to try is the chicken tikka salad, dosa, and chicken tikka masala! Most amazing flavor, service, also the mint lassi is the best drink. Good for groups. Kid friendly.So many choices on the kids menu! Definitely come and try this place!
4_star Quick search on Yelp for good Hakka Food yielded this restaurant. Other reviewers are right - this place is in a really sketchy neighbourhood but the food is good! We went many of the suggested dishes on Yelp - - started with the Chicken Pakoras. Okay. These were amazing. Not a ton of breading - just right. And the flavours were soooo yum! I could eat this all by themselves all day! I've had many versions of Chicken Pakoras and this is hands down the best one. We also went the Crispy Beef as everyone seems to suggest. It was good! Gingery, sesamey and nicely done with some onions. Wouldn't be Hakka dinner if we didn't try their Chilli Chicken with gravy which was also good! Could have been a touch spicier but it was good nonetheless. We had the Hakka noodles which was also good. The shrimps were a bit small - but there was too much going on with other ingredients to miss them too much. Service was great - friendly service on the phone and the food was fresh. We'll be back to try other dishes soon!
1_star WORST wild wings I have been to! HORRIBLE service. Walked in with a friend and was not acknowledged. So we just picked a table and sat down. Waited and waited.... no one came to serve us or even offer drinks or acknowledged us. The girl at the bar was busy..... drinking..... with a bunch of men. Are servers even allowed to drink like that on the job? Finally another server came out glanced at us and walked back into the kitchen....... after 15 min of sitting there we just left. NEVER AGAIN.
3_star The story goes, according to the Murray's Sandwich Emporium website, that Murray is a weiner dog who loves the finer things in life. Despite the obvious assumptions, Murray does not take kindly to eating regular old hot dogs. He prefers a more delectable, refined meal. What does Murray like the most? Sandwiches, of course! In fact, he loves them so much that he used all of his love and expertise to build a sandwich shop for his fellow sandwich lovers. Thus, Murray's Sandwich Emporium sprang to life. I recently found myself in the exact same conundrum as Murray the dog was; I was sick of my same-ol'-same-ol' packed lunches, and I was searching for something better. I know you're thinking that sandwiches have to be the most cliché lunch choice of them all, but one look at Murray's menu, and you'll know that you're in for something much different. There is not a huge selection (by sheer number) at Murray's, but each item is unique, and there is a decent range of combinations across the board. There are meatless, chicken, beef, fish, cheese and even sweet sandwiches, plus a decent offering of sides (note: combos and sides are extra). The restaurant itself is pretty simplistic. It's small, has exposed and undecorated brick walls and two large wooden tables with stools scattered around them. The chalkboard menu hangs on the wall, and there is a small refrigerator full of beverages just off to the side. It is all very subdued and quite appropriate for a sandwich shop. I held back a bit on my first trip to Murray's. I didn't really know what to expect, how big the servings would be, and what kind of value I would find there. I decided to go with The Uncle Phil: sliced ribeye, onions, green peppers and ooey, gooey, messy, melty provolone cheese on a beautiful baguette. Truthfully, I thought the bread was the best part of this sandwich. I don't feel bad for discounting the meat or toppings because, for sandwiches at least, the bread is just as much a star in the meal as anything else. The baguette was clearly very fresh, they keep it tender (but crispy) and most importantly, not over or under-stuffed. The meat was tender too, but it needed a bit more oomph. The green peppers were just slightly sautéed, giving them a nice crunch and, as mentioned above, the cheese was gloriously gooey. All of that was topped off with a pickle - for nine bucks! I felt that I didn't really get the whole experience of Murray's my first time around, so on my second visit I decided to get into some side dishes. I certainly didn't hold back on my sandwich choice with The BL-Tizzy - double smoked B, of course some L and T, house-made mayo, avocado and an egg (a $1.00 add-on). I threw all of that into a combo with some onion rings and a can of pop, bringing my total to $12 plus tax. This is a bit pricey in my opinion, but considering the amount of food they give you, it's not so bad. Here again, I thought the bread stood out more than anything else. It was so fresh and tasted of near perfection. Just like The Uncle Phil, the fillings were good but, other than the sheer volume, they were fairly regular...tasty, but regular. Overall, Murray's Sandwich Emporium offers a delicious product that is definitely over-sized and that will satisfy your hunger. Plus, they're open for lunch, dinner and late-night eats. However, as tasty as the sandwiches are, I can't say anything really blew me away. Yes, the menu item names are unique and fun and the serving sizes are huge, but nothing is really over the top. That being said, sometimes simple is best; they know what they're good at, they know how to make a good sandwich, and they're consistent. Good boy, Murray.
1_star Very disappointed with the service and the attitude I got from a waiter who didn't know what he was talking about but assumed I didn't know what I was talking. I come here quite often and can't stand crappy service in something as simple as asking if I need more water not once did that happen. Actually think it might be time to find a new location.
4_star I went there last night with friends, as a party of three. I have to say that was a great experience in Union Social. We ordered the recommended steak, and wow! That was amazing! The candy salad was okay, not a must-have. But both the tuna slider(forgot the name, but it's an appetizer) and chicken quizonnal(don't know how to spell, but it's also an appetizer, with smoke chicken and cheese blended, and baked in a triangle shape) are worth trying! In terms of drinks, I would say it's okay, but I had better ones. Then, we ordered Nachos with extra cheese and edamame. Both are GREAT! I especially love the Nachos(when it's hot--crispy and the melted cheese...) Anyway, a nice place. And a thank-you to our wonderful waitress--Rachel!
2_star Not impressed. Service was slow. Price was too high for the small portion. Savory choices would be welcome.
3_star The food and service here are quite good. The dining room is small and intimate and often seems to be quite full. There is a charming looking bar on the way in, which not surprisingly seems to be underused. It appears to be a local favorite, and deservedly so.
5_star Yummy local diner Local and home spun Kathy the waitress was wonderful! Eggs and bacon yummy. Conversation was terrific
3_star The food is always warm, fresh, & delicious. However, this location always messes up the order. A forgotten side, no dressing for salad, no condiments for soup, etc. Check your order before you leave!
2_star We came here three times strictly because of the 25x scene point deal and the fact that we live across the street. All three times the service was horrible- nobody greeted us for at least 10 mins, our appetizers came before our drinks and water, the waitstaff is slow, inattentive and forgetful. The food is okay but over priced . For a similar menu and price, JOEY is far superior.
3_star Lunch specials till 3pm. Arrived about 3.10pm, only one table occupied so wandered in and sat at a booth. There was one lady serving, so took a while before she took our orders. Ordered beef bulgolgi, fried octopus with vegetables (spicy) and a spring onion pancake. Bulgolgi serving was large and tasty, beef was tender and well cooked on a hot plate brought to the table. Fried octopus with vegetables was great, loaded with lots of octopus and vegetables. The dish is spicy, and was good with white rice. Fried green onion pancake was surprisingly good. Pieces of octopus, crab cake, prawn and spring onions. Crispy when arrived at our table. Three dishes and all the side dishes were too much for 2, so we doggy bagged the remainder. One dish would have been just nice for 2 to share. Overall expensive for this kind of food, but considering the serving size, it's fair. The bill came, and I almost choked on my iced tea. Look at my attached picture! What do you think?
1_star I don't know how this restaurant gets such a high score. The food is REALLY BAD! All food are OVER PRICED! Most dishes are just little bit of meat with rice and lettuce. Don't be fooled by the waiting line! Also, the restaurant is quite busy, the waitress left us when we were ordering! Takes us 10 mins to order. I hereby sincerely suggest you to try another restaurant!
2_star Food was cold and the service was inattentive. Mimosa was nice and my kids liked their waffles.
1_star Disappointed in my visit to this Five Guys. Ordered Bacon Cheese Burger and small Fry with drink that tallied $14. Got my order and after initial inspection, noticed there was only one patty rather than the two expected in my order. (even as I type this, I feel as if I'm turning into some Austin Powers "Fat Bastard"creature complaining that I did not get my full fat intake...an slapping my belly while doing so) Purely from a financial perspective, I brought this to the counter attendant's attention who was super apologetic. The grill guy overheard the exchange and was also super accommodating offering to remake the order. All I really wanted was credit for my order to return the $1 difference between the regular hamburger (2 patty) and little hamburger (1 patty). The counter attendant said she had to get the manager. After waiting for about 10 minutes, the manager strolled over to my table to ask if everything was ok. Perhaps maybe the counter attendant briefed her on the situation..nahh. I explained the situation and said all I really wanted was $1 back to make it even. She offered instead to "take care of my next time I was in". Um..not sure what that entailed but pressed on with my $1 refund. After another 15 minutes, she returned with $3. I insisted that I only wanted $1 but she stayed firm at $3. Anyhow, my experience rating is largely due to my error in order but also the weird refund acrobatics that were apparently required. The hamburger wasn't worth the $7 either.
4_star Best sandwiches ever! And the cheesecake, well, I admit I have gone there for lunch and ate only a slice of cheesecake and it was heaven. Very fresh ingredients and if you can walk by the front counter with all the cakes and goodies, you have amazing will power!
2_star A bit disappointing. The food is edible, but nothing to swoon over. Its a trendy little spot that relies on hipsters. Think white guys in sweater vests wearing Kangol hats with women in pashminas and colorful cowboy boots. The bartenders appeared to be required to mix all their drinks over their heads. To call the food there Mexican would be a bit of a stretch. Possibly Mexican inspired or if you want to stick with trendy nomenclature Mexican fusion, but definitely not something that makes you think that there is a pack of a Mexicans in the kitchen. The mole sauce on my dish was quite thin and bland, and the yucca fries were tragically flavorless. The chicken was well cooked but poorly seasoned. The side of black beans was delicious but seasoned in a way that make me think of India, not Mexico. The dinner was by no means unpleasant, but I'm not going to be racing to get back there.
1_star What a horrible experience: I placed a reservation on Thursday for the next day, and when I showed up on Friday night, the restaurant was closed!!! Did they not know the restaurant will be closed the next day when I placed my reservation? And if they didn't, was it too hard to give me a phone call? I am not setting my foot there again.
4_star The food is very good and the decor is nice. Unfortunately, the service doesn't follow. Our waiter messed up our order multiple times. The bartender knows absolutely nothing about wine - don't ask for his recommendations. The hostess is totally clueless. The kitchen is the key, not the front of the house. Looks like they need to totally rethink the staff outside of the kitchen. Go and enjoy but don't be surprised to be frustrated.
5_star I'm a big fan of landmark great food breakfast on point me and my sister ate there plenty of time's I always order the chef salad and the burger -N- Fries sweet tea is banging like omg this will always be my number #1 Restaurant
4_star Very good service from the greeting we got when we first got there to the wait staff during g the meal. The place is upscale but the pricing was, thought reasonable. A very large wine list but a rather short specials list, only two and one of those was a strip steak. The food was served at a very nice pace and all food was done as ordered. The food was excellent and the waitress check with us regularly to make sure are needs where met. The desserts all seemed to be made in house and the ice cream was great. Dinner for two, bottle of wine, 2 apps., and dessert - $ 185.00
3_star So yeah, the decor is outdated and could be cleaner in the vents like the other reviewer mentioned. But wow, we received mounds of food at dinner! Enough for 2 full dinners each! Both tofu dishes, Sesame tofu (fried) and Ma-po (streamed) textures were just about right. I can't say it was the best I've had but I would go again.
3_star I'm a fan of this place. It's cheap and a good place to go to when you have a late night hankering since it's open 24 hours. I like the California burrito and their chicken tacos; they're not as greasy as some of the other places I've tried. Their cheap beef tacos aren't bad and I do like their french fries. It's good a good place with good food and I come back here whenever the mood strikes.
3_star I drove in becoz every time I see a long drive thru line everytime I'm on blue diamond Ordering service is noteworthy - asked if first time visiting them and if say yes they explain their menu and patiently answer your questions She recommended the double but I got single Food is ok ...I still prefer In & Out for flavor and their addicting sauce Another noteworthy item be their tempura fried beans ...doesn't sound too sexy but man, of man ...ill drive by just for this! It's very crispy on outside and naturally moist green beans inside ...and unlike Tempura which you need digging sauce for flavor ...this is good on its own but they offer Ranch, Thousand Island, etc I got honey mustard and barely used it coz did I say it's tasty on its own ?
3_star First piece of advice: Don't order a basket of chips! They were the only part of the meal I didn't care for, and didn't even end up needing since they eventually brought out their fresh and flavored tortillas that they pair with flavored butter. The tortillas of the night were black bean flavored and were paired with chipotle butter, both of which tasted amazing! I ordered enchiladas which were good, but nothing too special. The food was overall average but I'd probably come back solely for the cool night-time environment.
3_star As I was driving around looking for something to eat around the Summerlin area, I stumbled finding this place. I yelped it to check if it had a good amount of stars and read some of the reviews. So why not give it a try for myself? I came here on New Years Day and it was pretty busy, but there were seats available so I was glad there was no wait because the place itself is very small. The workers didn't seem to friendly because there were running around everywhere, plus it took about 15 minutes for someone to acknowledge us. Finally we were seated and handed a menu. I did notice the prices; the prices were a little more expensive then most small Chinese restaurants. Everything on the menu looked good but the one thing that caught my eyes was the Seafood Hot and Sour soup. I haven't seen hot and sour soup with seafood in any other place I have gone to. The soup was good but really spicy. I love spicy food but after a while my mouth just started burning. So if you're a spicy fan I would highly recommend trying it. The Salt and Pepper Shrimp sounded good too so I decided to give that a shot. There were a lot of shrimp and the shrimp was loaded with flavor. If you want rice you have to make sure you tell the server.
1_star After a series of disappointing dining experiences in Old Montreal,we are beginning to think that we should avoid restaurants in this part of the city altogether. Add this one to the list -watered down drinks and overpriced food that was fair to middling-sorry Lorenzo you were very nice but the Mushroom Risotto was a big pile of bland mush.If I wasn't vegetarian I would ordered the lamb like you suggested.
4_star The groupon coupon is great $10 for $20 for food. I love the string onion rings. Burger is big and juicy. I do not like the casino, the smoke invades your nostrils when you open the door.
5_star I held a friend's baby shower here. The little side room was perfect for this event. The room was ready before we were due to be there. The staff was attentive and friendly. They accommodated for my party wonderfully. The manager even allowed us to have the happy hour pricing extended. I'm very very happy with the food and service. Thank you!
1_star DO NOT USE THESE GUYS FOR CATERING!!!!!! They were to cater a brunch on Sunday morning and never showed up! Or at least not for over an hour. We waited for over an hour before giving up. Imagine! And then when I called on Monday, "Kevin" was in a meeting and was to call me back. Did he? Hell no. So no food, no explanation, no apology. Disgraceful performance!
5_star Very informal place but the food is great. We ordered a few items and liked them all. The green sauce is particularly tasty. They are also very fast.
1_star Need to buy goat meat? I am keep buying from this place for a year as they have nice goat meat. But the customer service sucks, they refused to choose you buy what you want. You need to take what they offer. Don't even go near to that place on friday, they refuse to serve you as they are busy with the restaurant. The manner they deal with the customers and blank out response they give sucks. It looks like he is doing a favor to me by selling meat at his store.
3_star Eggs unfortunately had too much salt and pepper. I don't recall salt and pepper on the list of ingredients on the menu and all of us did not like them. My croissant was over cooked and service very slow. No refill offered on my ice tea. Perhaps it explains why it was so empty. Sadly we won't return., A shame. We always look for new places to eat . This won't be on our short list.
3_star Heard great things about this place when I first move down from NJ, but came up pretty weak in flavors. I'll give it another shot since my experience was take out. Was also disappointed they wouldn't deliver to my place on Park Road because I was .2 of mile over there "range".
2_star Good selection of different poutines but otherwise nothing special. Fries weren't the greatest and couldn't taste the pepper sauce. Plus is that it's open 24h for those times when you got the munchies post bar hopping.
3_star I came here once and tried their chipotle steak it was yummy but didn't last long because within a month it wasn't even on the menu. Came there a second time and got a bowl, it's very small (maybe have the size of the chipotle burrito bowl :/) so it didn't fill me up. I preferred chipotles bowl over this.
2_star This place was horrible, ordered take out combo platter with sweet sour pork which was extremely greasy even for chinese, only offered fried rice with egg in it, rice was the furthest thing from ftied, seemed more like steamed white with a little added coloring to give it the fake fried appearance, which failed miserably! Egg roll was just ok. I picked up inside and guy had attitude to boot. I'm surprised yelp gives this place a 2 star rating.
5_star An absolute delight. Enjoyed the Drexler and Bibby, both refreshing, tasty and boozy. The Drexler almost tastes like a lighter, gin based manhattan? Really liked it. The space is light, minimalist and charming. The food was excellent - catfish nuggets, chiccarones (with hot sauce) were a great start and the pork shank and duck confit were delicious. Can't wait to come back. Pro tip - $1.50 Pacificos during Happy Hour, can't beat it.
1_star I was very disappointed about practically everything. When it comes to going out for dinner, of course it is important to be patient when busy and waiting for food, but considering we were the ONLY people in the restaurant, it took 25 minutes to recieve THREE sushi rolls, where one was made completely wrong. Shortly after us came another couple whose food was coming to them in the blink of an eye, while we were sitting 25 minutes with zilch. One of the items we received sat on the counter for almost ten minutes and I was ready to go get it myself to bring to our table. This is where I slowly started losing my patience. The food was nothing great , their yummy tuna roll was phenomenal and the only good thing to come out of this experience. I would understand if it was busy and the chefs were busy making all these different meals and the servers were running table to table, but there were a total of four people in the entire restaurant. The service was terrible and it truly turned me off from all you can eat sushi. First and definitely last.
2_star Just stopped in for lunch because Maxwells was busy... A total mistake. Food took an hour after ordering, but was decent when it finally came out. The food quality is the reason it received two stars. I don't plan on coming back for lunch and now understand why the place was so empty compared to Maxwells.
1_star We went when they first opened - with high hopes because we LOVED the old Emiliano's. The first meal there was severely substandard - soggy chimichanga with tasteless and dry chicken inside, things were cold when delivered, parts of the meal were never delivered, and service was sloppy and s-l-o-w. Decided not to review at that time as we thought they might be experiencing opening pains. However, we went back yesterday, were seated, and although there was a congregation of 6 servers standing around at the back server station chatting aimlessly, were never acknowledged in any way, shape or form. There were only 3 or 4 other tables with patrons, so they were not "busy". After 20 minutes, went back to the hostess, told her we had not even been acknowledged, got a kind of snarky "oh, I'm sorry", and nothing else, so we left. We will not be giving this place another chance
5_star Always enjoy eating here. But than I had them cater my Wife's birthday party and now they have even more of my respect. Love this place, can't say enough about it. Just go, I placed a picture of the spread from wife's party and now my boys back in NC want to come and certify this spot. LOVE IT!
1_star I just want to point out that the food and service is so bad, that it's compelling me to write this review before I've even left. Ordered a Pepsi that was so flat it tasted like I was just drinking syrup and water. That sort of thing does happen, but when I told the waitress she was rude about it. The food price to portion ratio was off ($23 for two pounds of wings and literally 15 fries or so). When we pointed out the portion issue, our server, she quickly dismissed the topic by walking away while I was still speaking. Service is completely lacking. Also, one waitress during Sunday night football?! To top it all off, even the water had a foul taste. Oh, and I'm not done - I've been waiting over 40 mins to even ask for our bill, hence why I've had time to write this review. I've eaten at many restaurants in countries around the world and have never been treated like this. Don't waste your time or money here.
4_star Really good fresh food, medium heat has a good kick go 2 if ya want mild. No beer or wine! Bummer.
4_star Only been here twice and pizza is delicious! Their salad is pretty good too! Everything is fresh and service is really nice and the place is very clean and fancy! It reminds me of subway except it's better cause it's pizza
2_star Went on Saturday night; thought it would be a great place to bring out of town guests. We got there around 8:15 and were seated right away. My biggest complaint is that our food and appetizers all came at the same time. We ordered 3 apps and 3 main dishes so when it all appeared at once, the waiter was almost annoyed that he didn't have enough room on our table to place the dishes. I made a (funnyish) comment on how we didn't expect to receive everything at once, and he was unapologetic. Just waited for us to move our glasses around to fit everything. Next thing we knew we got the check. Nobody asked if we wanted another drink or dessert. We did, but after feeling so rushed, we just paid and went somewhere else for dessert and drinks. The food was ok. The lamb, which is what they're supposed to be known for, was just ok. Nothing worth coming back for.
3_star Very cool place, they've decorated well. It's the type of ambiance you'd expect from a plateau restaurant. Good diversity of foods and cocktails, service has always been good for me (been there 4 times). Great for brunch !
5_star best bbq in charlotte..... bacon wrapped jalepenos were just alright though. bacon seemed a little on the chewy side, possibly just a preference. hushpuppies awesome. baked beans awesome. also, they have great ice. service was wonderful, friendly, energetic
5_star Wonderful food and service. I got the beet salad and mixed fries. The salad was enormous. Easily good for two. I would have preferred less dressing is my only complaint. I've been here numerous times. Last time I got the veggie sandwich which was delicious. I'm a vegetarian but everyone else ordered burgers and enjoyed their meals. If you go you HAVE to order the sweet potato fries.
4_star LOVE IT! There's a million places to get falafel and humus in squirrel hill, but as far as I'm concerned the rest can take a hike, this is my spot. Everything they sell is delicious - all the humuses (humi??!?), tabbouleh, falafel, gyros, pastisio, mousakka . . . my only problem going there is I leave with way too much food! Also I really love family run businesses. My boy friend said he wasn't sure he likes Greek food. Grandma looked at him like he was stupid and told him to go wait outside. They have pizza next door for people who don't like Greek food. Love the food, and love that spicy granny too!
2_star Tried Nandos for lunch. Food is bland and salsa was not very good at all. Tasted like something out of a bottle and just loaded it with chili flakes. Good size portions, but that doesn't make up for the bland food and it was pricey....I don't see anything special about $9-10 for lunch specials! Only reason I am giving it 2 stars is because their chips are good....sorry, but will check this one off our list :(
1_star I've been wanting to try this place since I saw it go in, so I went for happy hour with a friend. I got there quite early and sat at the bar; figured I would just have a drink until she got there. I ordered a lemon drop martini--a favorite drink, and something that most bars can handle. I have no idea what the bartender put in this. I think it was sour mix and a very small amount of vodka, based on how incredibly sweet it was. The bartender asked if it was ok; I said it tasted awfully sweet so he kindly offered to add more lemon juice. He added quite a bit more "juice" from a container behind the bar and the drink tasted exactly the same--which is why I think it was sour mix. Oh well, I thought, I can stand to drink this and I'll switch to wine afterwards. The bartender apologetically explained that he "is not a martini person" and left. Fine, I get that...but this isn't a complicated drink and *you are a bartender*. I finished that drink and waited about ten minutes for the bartender to notice (again, at about 5pm on a Tuesday, when the bar was perhaps 1/4 full). He finally came over. I ordered a glass of wine. My friend texted to say she was finally on her way. Five minutes later, still no glass of wine in sight. I told her it wasn't worth coming and we met at Casbah instead. I finally flagged down the bartender ten minutes after this. He seemed to have no recollection of my wine order so I paid and left. Definitely won't be back! The specials were...nothing special, and certainly didn't rival the many better happy hours in the Shadyside area.
1_star Popped in for a light meal of miso soup & a few veggie rolls. Miso was ok (if salty), but the cucumber roll was dried out. Yam tempura roll was slimy & greasy; I threw up after the second piece. I don't recommend Natural Sushi.
5_star Had the Salmon & Tuna sushi and is was amazing. Some of the best sushi I've had in the Valley. The sushi was generous, and very fresh (can't really ask for much more at a sushi place). The also seem to have an assortment of rolls that are on special from Sunday-Thursday night, but the sushi was so filling, I couldn't eat any more. The place was very busy, and the staff was very attentive.
5_star Amazing doesnt even describe this show. Very entertaining. Interactive. Pricey drinks though.
3_star The burgers and steak fries very good, and the crispy chicken burger is also very good non beef choice. The Towering onion rings are shareable and worth a try.
3_star Ho Su bistro, Yonge & Eglinton location is my Go-To place on the way home from work for cheap take out dinner - Korean Japanese. What draws me is the comfort food at great prices. I usually get the bulgoki on rice takeout - comes with a canned pop. They fill the styro takeout box to the brim with meat, salad, chap chae noodles and rice. Nothing fancy or striking, more like regular asian home cooking that you don't have to cook yourself. One takeout meal is about enough for 2 people. Make tea at home and you are done quickly with no dishes to wash in the evening!
2_star Looks like I forgot to review the Wicked Spoon after my previous trip to Vegas. I came here 2 years ago when the buffet first opened up, and let me say I hope all the accolades this place has received is a result of genuine improvements because when I was here the food was horrible. I'm not talking about 'not worth paying $$$' horrible, just straight up horrible. The only reason I can give 2 stars is because of the fantastic presentation and decor that everyone has undoubtedly mentioned.
5_star Love this place! Nice to have something other than pizza or chinese delivered. The owner actually went out and bought caramel they didn't even have on the menu to accomadate my love for hot pretzels with caramel sauce! Thank you to the owner and staff. They're hot chicken,
3_star This was my first time eating here and I was happy with it. The food was okay and plentiful. The décor of the restaurant was nice. The waitress was nice and helpful -- we had the recommendation she made from a menu that was a bit difficult to navigate. I'm not a huge fan of Indian food, but it seemed to be okay. My friend loved it and is ready to go back immediately. I can take it or leave it. There just didn't seem to be the special something that makes me want to go back.
1_star Wouldn't even give this place one star. Took over two hours to deliver. When called the rude kurve (female dog) said "your pizza will get there when it does!" The guy brought the pizza an hour after it left the place so when his shift ended on his way home at 3:26am. Bs. Garlic bread is a sub bread from Walmart with garlic Sauce on it. Don't order this waste
2_star I'v been going here for 30+years. The food was pretty good, but do you have to be rude to work here?! About 5 coworkers and I went for lunch and our waitress was so rude! We scratched this off the list of places to go.
4_star excellent. The service was great and the food was well prepared. I would definitely recommend for someone.
4_star Had a great time here on a Saturday night. Service was a bit slow but the food was top notch. As it was our first time dining there the manager brought us a complimentary flatbread. It was so good my wife ordered another one. The BBQ chicken pizza was excellent, and was much more than enough for one person. But whatever you do- if you go here save room for dessert and get the butter cake (with ice cream!). You won't be disappointed.
2_star As a Las Vegas local I usually don't go on the strip to eat unless there is a special occasion, but we had a room on the strip and did our research as far as price goes, we were not trying to spend a huge amount of money. We decided on Gordon Ramsay's Pub and Grill. The atmosphere was great but the food was not great at all. Over priced Fish & Chips and very small portions for the price. When we got back to our hotel I became ill and was sick for the rest of the night. My Significant Other did not get sick till the next morning. We do not recommend this place.
2_star I went to the lunch buffet with a few friends. I understand it is a weekday and it gets very busy at lunchtime. My friend got there first, sat for over 10 minutes without anyone coming by to ask if she wanted anything. Finally she got served her drink. Myself and the rest of the group get there. No one comes by the table to serve us or get our drink order. Thats fine, we were there for the buffet anyways so we got up, grabbed our plates and got our lunch. The food overall was quite good, loved the spiciness and the flavors. I thought the selection was small, but I liked everything they had. I do want to mention that the butter chicken didn't have many pieces of chicken in it. You really had to spoon through the sauce to look for the chicken. We got our lunch sat down, halfway through a server comes by and we got drinks. That was the end of any type of service. No one asked if we wanted more drinks, or even to give us the bill. No one took away the dirty plates and we sat there after our meals for a good 1/2 hr chatting. Finally we got up and went to the register to pay. The food was good, service sucked, I'm sure there's better out there.
2_star During our Cleveland foodie tour this past Saturday 17 2016 we couldn't wait to go to Mabel's BBQ, the hot very very talked about restaurant on east 4th street in downtown Cleveland. They shot themselves in the foot when the host lied to us and told us we had been waiting for 15 minutes during a half of an hour wait time given when I walked through the door and gave him my name. I don't own a cell phone (they give me headaches for some reason) so I had to run and find my friends that were out on the street on 4th (lots of things to see on that street so I ran in to get us a table as fast as I could) and this is because I was told they text you on your cellphone when your table is ready. We arrived there at 7:05 and by the time we were seated it was 7:48. We wouldn't have waited that long. It would've been easier to go to the Chocolate Bar at the end of the street on Euclid Ave and returned another day in the week or much earlier on the weekend. I also had to use the restroom and I nearly had an accident because (and pay attention to this ladies. there is one ladies room in a large eatery (not huge) with an upstairs level that locks so if you REALLY have to go it is a possibility you might not make it especially if you're a pregnant woman and those that have bladder issues) I don't and I nearly had a n disaster. McDonalds provides better facilities than Mabel's does. They cheaped out with the rest room facilities and pagers for waiting guest. When we were seated the food flew out fast. I have no complaints about the actual service. Our server was great. I was however salivating for great barbecue sauce on top of tender delicious ribs but instead, I had some type of what I have only heard of, and that is dry rub barbecue ribs with the weakest sorry vinegar sauce on the table in restaurant ketchup squeeze bottle. The ribs had a good flavor and it was a number 7 on the 1-10 tender scale. I like my BBQ NEARLY falling off the bone. Their greens were disappointing because it appeared to have more than one type of greens mixed together and there were hard pieces in my dish. I LOVE GOOD COLLARD GREENS and these greens were a failure for me. I don't understand what the big whoop is about Mabel's. The ribs were seasoned well but this is not some place I must return to an experience again. If you are a dry rub rib lover this might be the place for you but to me is was a big hype because of the celebrity chef (Michael Simon) who created it. I like the man and I'm glad he is a success especially, in the city of Cleveland. We intend to try all of his restaurants along with many more on our Cleveland foodie tour. I wish my experience was awesome. I expected it to be. # I came back to add this. After reading the other reviews here. I am wondering if I should return with a different group of friends (this group will never return) to give it another chance. Maybe something else on the menu other than the ribs and greens would be great. I will go on a week day in the middle of the week and try a different dish altogether. Someone receiving this much applause on Yelp deserves a second chance. I just have to make sure we all go to the restroom before we arrive.
4_star Oh my. My BF and I arrived slightly after breakfast was over, so we chose the buffet. I'm not a big buffet person, but the WAFFLES were to die for! I ate there the previous morning and had the chilaquiles which were superb. I will definitely revisit! Service was a little slow, but overall a good experience.
4_star The food and service was outstanding! DO NOT MISS THE BONE MARROW!! Our waitperson Naomi was stellar. She was well versed in the preparation of all the menu items and her suggestions were on point. I would suggest you make reservations at least a month before. AI look forward to returning.
3_star The sushi here was good, but not the best I've had, it was good quality but for $25 dollars a roll I expect more. I would recommend only ordering from the Chef's specials as the sushi from the more basic rolls menu was expensive and very average.
5_star Food was absolutely amazing as well as the service. I was surprised with a birthday song which made my experience at The cowfish even better. I highly recommend!
3_star I ordered take-out and had eggrolls and shrimp lo mein. Both the food and the service earned a solid 'meh'... Also, they use thin egg noodles in their lo mein instead of the thicker egg noodles traditionally used in the dish. Not sure if they just ran out of lo mein noodles or if the thinner noodle is their standard. Overall, it wasn't terrible but I have to believe that there are better places in the area. I'll look elsewhere for my next lo mein fix.
2_star I travel to CLT fairly regular on business. Went here with some co-workers and was disapponted. Waitstaff was not helpful with the menu. The food was mediocre at best. Had the paneer appetizer and it tasted like they were trying to make a McNugget with cheese. Sauces were tasty but now I wonder if they came from a can. If you really want great Indian food... Go to Copper. If you want McIndian go for it.
1_star My girlfriend and I tried this place after thinking it looked something like Greens & Proteins. We were wrong! The menu is pleasing and sounds good, but that's where the illusion ends. After getting our food, a steakcation and the meltdown with a side of truffle fries, we anxiously waited for our food. When it arrived, my burger was super greasy and the meat and cheese were absolutely bland. My girlfriend's salad was equally dull. The meat lacked any flavor and the dressing failed to redeem the enjoyment of the meal. The truffle fries were ok, but nothing memorable. All in all, the food sated our hunger pains, but left us feeling completely unsatisfied. A few hours later, I felt sick to my stomach. I don't understand all the rave reviews, but it didn't sit well for us. We won't return.
1_star Las Vegas is known for excellent buffets. And I'd been looking forward to trying this one since my other friends have always raved about it. Maybe this was an off night, but it was so bad, I won't give it another shot. Sorry! Maybe we should have taken it as a sign when there was NO line at 7:30pm on a Saturday night. We had prepared ourselves for an hour wait and thought we had scored when we walked right in... WRONG! Let me start with what was good - the shrimp cocktail, the shrimp over cheesy grits, duck ravioli, the prime rib, and the gelato bar. Now for the bad - a lot of the food was stale, probably because there were not enough people eating to cause them to need to make new food. The ribs, korean short ribs were tough and chewy. The crab legs were small and when you were able to get some meat out of them, it was soaked in brine. You could actually squeeze the solution out of the meat, just like a sponge. The fried chicken was chicken wings and they were cold and not crunchy. The spaghetti and lasagna was Olive Garden quality. The dim sum (har gow) was tough and over cooked. The service was slow and deplorable. At one point, we returned to our table and it had not been cleared, so we put the dirty dishes on the clean table next to us. For the rest of the meal, those dirty dishes stayed there and no one cleared them... We even had a bet going on whether they would be cleared before we left! They weren't... This buffet was so horrible, I spent the whole meal pissed that we had spent $42++ per person and this was maybe a step above Hometown Buffet. We should have saved our money and eaten at Golden Corral on the way here! Save your money. Go to the M Hotel for their buffet.
3_star La Comida is a good restaurant with a good, rustic atmosphere and good food. The server we had was really nice and attentive, and when I asked for my second margarita to have less ice, she and the bartender were very accommodating. Overall, the food was very good, but it could use a little kick in the spicy department. The shrimp enchilada was excellent, and so were the carnitas tacos. The fajitas were served with lots of veggies but not enough tortillas or pico de gallo, and they charge you for more tortillas. The menu is simple, though somewhat limited, but the bar was well-stocked and the cocktail menu was even longer than the food menu.
5_star Friendly, helpful, and professional Hostess and Waitress . I had the Clams with a Garlic Butter Sauce and my Wife had the cold Lobster Roll Both were delicious and the beer " Side Launch " on Tap was good too. Our first visit and looking forward to the next time.
1_star We have been here many times over the years, and it seems they really would like us not to return. They try really hard to turn us off on Paisan's, but we keep coming back! But no more. We went just before 6 p.m on Saturday, Sept. 8, and walked in the door. Not fewer than five workers at the cash register stared at us. Not one of them said a word. No "welcome!" Nothing. We looked at each other, like, "Are they not going to say hello or greet us?" Just a 5-person stare. We walked up and said, "We need a table for 2." It was as if we were aliens. If we wanted a view, it would be 20 minutes. With no view, 5 minutes, even though there were plenty of tables with no view that we could see, that had no people at them. So we go to the bar to wait. Again, it was as if we wore clothes that said, "Please ignore us. Do not wait on us. Do not talk to us." We sat at the bar many minutes before a female bartender finally asked us whether we'd been helped. Again, it was not all that busy. Our server was so-so. We just felt so unwelcome. It was busy with Ironman participants as guests, but there were no Ironman specials or any "Welcome Ironman" signs. You have a captive Ironman audience, but yet you ignore it. You could have done a lot with Ironman promoting. Wow. I feel like I should do your marketing. We had large Porta salads and spicy cheese bread. Usually the salads wow us, but not this time. Could have been all the ignoring going on. I mean, our cash is as green as the next guy's!
1_star UTTER DISAPPOINTMENT... place an order for a medium sushi/sashimi party tray to arrive and find out that the order was missed... they left 3 people who worked overtime on a Thursday night starved and hungry. To add insult to injury, they shrugged it off noting that they didn't receive the order when I have a call record on my phone... totally unacceptable! here's the best part... THEY WERENT EVEN BUSY :(((((
3_star Meh. I had high hopes. I heard really good things and really...hand-pulled noodles! Yum! Unfortunately, the noodles are where it ends. The food was very greasy and lacking flavor. I feel the quality of the meat was subpar. We will give them another try (because I really want to like it) and I will update my review accordingly.
3_star Seafood jambalaya without rice, presentation was better then the food.a bit pricy for what you get. Still good, but nothing special.fries were excelent. great outdoor seating for people watching and relaxing. Great Nola bear selection!
3_star I wanted to love this place, but $82 worth of dry sushi later, I'm not impressed. Decor and waitstaff were lovely, but the food just did not hold up. If you're looking for high quality sushi rolls, I do not suggest here.
1_star Small menu, small venue. Very casual, not for a date. We got our food an hour after we ordered it (burger and fries). We got our meals at different time (20 minutes apart). Fries were cold and so was the burger. Hot chocolate was cold too. Over all experience was not good. Very dingey atmosphere which would be fine if food was good but it was cold and took a very long time. Server was nice. However got a few small discount considering how late the food was and how cold it was...
5_star Great Chinese traditional food and excellent service!Whenever and whatever you need they will come to you ASAP.Definitely recommend the staff Shade and Yan,they are super nice and very helpful.Will be back for sure!!!!!!!
5_star This is a quaint, hole-in-the-wall, mom and pops type of place. It's usually not very busy, which baffles me cause they make the best damn baos & dumplings in the city. The owners are very personable and friendly, although there are a few communication problems if you don't speak mandarin. As someone who has had fresh off the steamer bao from vendors in China, I can vouch that this is probably going to be as good as it gets for authentic food in Toronto. I am pretty sure their the flour is home made, and bonus points for their Green Onion Pancakes that doesn't taste like someone dropped the salt while making it. Edit: Pro-tip : be patient or speak mandarin since there might be a language barrier when ordering online!
4_star The pho was great, the staff was really nice too. The only thing I didn't like is when I asked for my soup to go they didn't offer to pour it for me in the to go container, so I did it myself and spilled some :(
1_star I went there for drinks with friends who were visiting from out of town. Being new to Arizona myself wanted to explore what old town had to offer. If you are not a regular they ignore you completely. Bar staff was not friendly, manager was not very professional. We left before finishing drinks and had an excellent time some of,the other places nearby.
2_star Food tasted good. Still can't figure out if There waseven egg on the burrito....it may have been cooked with the chorizo? Service was very slow from greeting at the door to waiting 12 plus min for our tab and box. Getting refills was difficult and listening wasn't our servers best skill. No sense of urgency nor was any management present. It felt much like a bunch of kids left to figure out the service aspect.
4_star Big fan of the food. Regular customer. Went in the other day, stood there, looked around, called hello, waited and waited, nobody ever showed up. Left. Hungry. Call first.
5_star Love the $3 pints and $6 appetizers during happy hour. Friendly staff and a great bar to sit at. Try the $6 happy hour nachos.
4_star Went to Joyride again tonight. Had the chicken burrito. ***AMAZING** That is one fine burrito. My wife and I each ordered a margarita. OOPS!!! Delicious, YES, but small and $9.00 each. NOT WORTH IT AT ALL!!!!! I will not order that again. WOW!~!! This is a 4.75 - 5.00 drink and it is really good but MASSIVE OVERPRICE. The service was excellent again. Definitely go to this place but, watch those drink prices. WHEW!!!!
4_star Good sushi...we especially liked the chef specials and the salad. Eclectic atmosphere....has a French cafe type feel.
3_star Reviewed during: Weekend Lunch time - Dim Sum Service Speed: 5 / 5 Cooking speed: N/A Food Quality: 4 / 5 Food Quantity: 3.5 / 5 Price: 4 / 5 Cleanness: 1 / 5 Repeat: Yes - try to avoid the toilet Parking: 3.5 / 5 10 of us decided last minute to go for dim sum on a Sun, fortunately there are quite a few parking spaces left, and there's a parking garage as well. They still have the old style dim sum with the pushing cart, it could be handy for people to see the dishes before ordering. But the waitress only speaks Chinese though. The food is surprising decent, each dish is pretty decent in size. Instead of keep waiting for a specific dim sum, you can flag down a waiter/waitress and place a request a dim, and the dim sum cart will reserve the order for your table. I can't really compliant about the food, but the toilet is a different story - it smells..... Please switch the urinal / toiler to the automatic flushing ones, it will cut down on the smell. If not for the toilet, it would receive a much better rating. Reviewed during: Weekday Dinner Service Speed: 5 / 5 Cooking speed: 5 / 5 Food Quality: 4 / 5 Food Quantity: 3.5 / 5 Price: N/A Cleanness: 1 / 5 Repeat: Yes Parking: 3.5 / 5 On certain nights, the dance floor is open during dinner.
4_star Good coffee, clean and friendly. Fast service and pretty good food for a traditional "greasy spoon" breakfast place. I had the Protein Power, scrambled egg whites with bacon and sausage. $6.99. Served in under 5 minutes. Much better than the place next door.
5_star I've eaten at countless Prime steak houses and this is by far one of the best meals I've ever had. We had a party of 7 that included 12 years old twins. The waitress was top notch, she even took my twins over to the DJ so they could see how things work! Now on to the food... Only one person ordered a salad (I forgot which one) but loved it! I had the Lobster Cocktail which had just the right amount of kick from the horseradish and vodka. For side dished we ordered Sweet Pudding Corn, Parmesan Truffle Fries, Mac & Cheese, and Spiced Maple Carrots. All of which were simply amazing. For steaks we had 4 bone in Filets (Best steak I've had in years), 2 bone-in Rib Steaks, and 1 Filet Medallion. They were all cooked to the perfect temp, seasoned perfectly, and served piping hot. For dessert they had an off the menu item which we tries which has a homemade mint chocolate chip sandwich served with homemade whipped cream and chocolate sauce for dipping. The homemade mint ice cream was the star of the show. I've never had ice cream before with such a great flavor of mint! We also ordered the STK Cones which were good but nothing like the ice cream sandwich. It's not cheap ($750 with tax and tip and we only had about 6 beers total) but worth it!
2_star The atmosphere is nice and comfortable, but the food is not good. The eggs are not cooked properly and lack salt. The bacon is very chewy and greasy. Will be going to the many other breakfast choices around here.
1_star I went to Museum Tavern today and I found the food to be mediocre and overpriced and the service lacklustre. We were rushed out the door because a large group came and they wanted our table. There are much better places such as the Oxley and the Bedford academy where the service, food and ambience is superior. I will not be returning.
2_star My review is very similar to KA's. I've been going to Spices for years, more frequently at first (at least weekly, sometimes more often) and less so as time goes on. I've decided to stop naively hoping that things will go back to the way they were. I used to get the same few things and they were always reliably delicious. There's nothing like going to a place where you know you're going to get exactly what you want, made the same way every time. The last few times that I've gone, including today for my mom's birthday lunch (her request), the food has been substandard. The salad has been gritty (sand, dirt?) and today the Garden of Eden dressing was just plain wrong. I'm so sad that this place has lost the spark that made it so special. I'm not sure if it's the constant change in staff or what but it's too bad, really. :'(
4_star Im updating this review as Jim n Nicks can be somewhat inconsistent. We don't eat there nearly as often anymore, but when we do we enjoy the brisket, which is sometimes awesome and sometimes just ok.
4_star We went here for dinner. Between 2 people, we got the Mini-Mezza appetizer and the combo Kabob with shrimp, beef, and chicken. The app was good. Little bit of each of the dips... still too much for us. The kabobs were great. Tender, juicy, flavorful- delicious. And the rice it came on was awesome. I needed the to-go box to come sooner so I would stop eating it. Overall, loved our meal and had enough leftovers for at least another meal, probably 2. Good vibe, small place with only a few other tables occupied. Will go back!
5_star Local Bistro delivers: excellent tasting food that is well prepared and presented, ample portions, efficient friendly service, a nice casual modern setting and fair prices. Second visit was on a busy Friday night. Arrived early for our reservation and the place was buzzing--all tables filled and bar seats taken. Hostesses pleasantly greeted us assured us table would be ready soon and it was. Restaurant was busy and noisy and some guests notice what nearby tables are served. Ample wine selection by the glass. Started with Ahi Tuna Tartar. Small squares of delicious marinated tuna served in a circular mold. One order ample for two. The daily chicken special consisted of a 1/2 tender toast chicken served with lots of fresh roasted vegetables and sauce. I like chicken with fairly crisp skin and moist interior and this chicken met the mark. Veggies outstanding--just al dente enough. Tiramisu dessert top notch and ample for two--or three. Nearby tables had steaks, fries, mac n cheese and all looked fantastic. People were eating outside on chilly night; suspect they did not have reservations. Look forward to returning soon.
2_star Was searching for a new restaurant and decided to try this place out. Not my best decision. They have a pretty limited menu. I ended up ordering a small Oahu bowl. It's supposed to be chicken breast with their teriyaki sauce. I substituted the rice that it normally comes with for vegetables. The bowl I got was vegetables with cubed pieces of check on top. Unfortunately, it was absolutely drenched with sauce. Like swimming in sauce. I was even given an extra container container of sauce in case I wanted to put more. Maybe they forgot that there was no rice to absorb some of the sauce, but it was just way too much. Also, if the sauce was super good, I probably wouldn't have minded, but the sauce was average, at best, and wasn't really unique. I know there's only so many ways to prepare teriyaki sauce, but this felt like it was a recipe pulled off the internet instead of someone's unique creation. The staff was friendly though (hence the 2 stars), but I doubt I will go back there.
3_star The only decent thing about this place is the food. It is nothing outstanding. I would consider the quality normal for Hawaiian BBQ, but I've definitely had better. The person at the counter was trying to be friendly, but I could tell she didn't want to be or was a shy person. This place is also frugal with Napkins and silverware. They gave me 2 napkins, a fork and a knife for dining in. There is no place to freely grab more napkins, or when your plastic fork breaks like mine did, I couldn't just walk over and get a new one. I had to get someone's attention at the counter to give me another. This isn't a deal breaker, but definitely doesn't help with the experience. If all you care about is food, the food is good, you should go. If you care about any of my other points, stay away!
5_star excellent offbeat sandwiches and original home made soup. i never thought cream cheese could be used in so many different ways, with so many different accompanying flavors. i was VERY skeptical when i first saw the menu, but have been more than satisfied with everything i've ever ordered here. there is a great backyard patio which is open during the summers. best of all, this place is a stone's through from the mountain, and we all know that nature + tasty sandwich = best thing ever.
1_star Update. I received a message reply from Bettina (and my name is WINDY, not Wendy) on June 15th to send my contact information via email which I did. I promptly received the following response from Kevin Berk; Hi Windy, And thank you very much for sending your contact info to us. I will have the manager get in touch with you today and we will make this right for you. Again, we are very sorry for our poor showing. We expect and will deliver a better experience next time. Thank you for your understanding and your patience. If for some reason you do not hear from them today, please let me know. Best regards, Kevin TODAY is Friday June 21st, I have not heard from Ahwatukee PJ and sent Kevin an email that I am very disappointed. This PJ is not worth my time or money. I wish I trusted the reviews and chose a different option for dinner. This company doesn't care about their customer, charges them for items not ordered and does not refund their money.
1_star The place is a sit down kind of restaurant . The menu is not very helpful and the food selection is limited. I am used to Filipino food places like Fiesta Filipina where you can come in and pick any food you want quickly because it's ready. I was disappointed to see that it was a sit down place. There is also a distinct smell to the place. I don't want to say it smells bad but it was noticeably present.
1_star Milkshake was pretty heavy; lots of fudge dripped around it. Probably should have been expected.
5_star I have been to Nove Italiano three times and each time has been a better experience than the last. My most recent visit was a Sunday night and the restaurant was very quiet. My husband and I arrived early (around 6pm) and we were the only ones in the whole place and we received top notch service. We requested a window view and they seated us in the front room that faces the strip with cozy little fire-boxes in the windows. The wait staff was super attentive and friendly and the food was awesome! My husband and I were both craving pasta so I had the Pennette alla Vodka and my husband had the Sunday Gravy. Both were excellent. Nove Italiano was a great way to cap off another fantastic Vegas trip.
1_star Worst Barbeque place that I have ever been. Food sucks and taste stale. I had Barbeque beef and tasted like a month old and dry then they replaced it with Barbeque pork taste like dry spam. I will never come back in this place again.
4_star I live in tremont, and whenever I have a group of 6 or more friends or family, this is my "go-to" spot. They accommodate big groups better than any other place in the area. For me, the service has always been lightening fast, with zero issues. Clearly they've hired an experienced staff, so you're in good hands here. The Food: While there's nothing on the menu that I'd necessarily rave about, overall they have really solid offerings, and I always seem to leave full and happy. If you like a lil spice, the VooDoo Mama is really satisfying. Also, brunch menu on weekends = solid. Last Couple Points: if you're a sports fan, they have a bunch of jumbo tvs always set to the big games. Atmosphere still maintains a sleek, metropolitan vibe, and even tho the atmosphere is themed to match the cuisine , they've managed to do it without coming off tacky. It's a gorgeous space and comfortable too. Kudos to the owners, managers, and staff!
1_star Probably the worst Chinese restaurant I've ever been to. The food didn't even taste like Chinese food. The service is atrocious as well, the guy behind the counter even called me a dick as I walked out. Never going back there!
4_star Very cute and comfortable place to relax and hang out. You can break out a board game or your laptop as well. There is a 2-hour sitting limit which is reasonable. I came here on a Saturday afternoon and it was comfortably empty.
4_star My fav place for 2 reasons 1 Butter Brew! 2 Luke! one of the nicest baristas I have encountered
2_star I want to like this place SO MUCH. The food that we got was delicious (the sea bass skewers are amazingly soft and flaky, and the black truffle sauce that comes with the fried green beans is TDF), BUT the service we got was horrible. Our server was fine--she was upbeat and tried to work with our wants, but whomever it was that also talked to us was horrible. To be fair, we were a large group (about 14 or 15), and understandably it is hard to accommodate such a large group, let alone trying to get our food out at the same time. Honestly, I could care less if my food came out at the same time as the people I had been sitting with. Before we could even look at the menus to see what was available a la carte, the restaurant pushed us into this 'tasting menu' that would "incorporate our tastes as well as some of their classic dishes"--sounds fine, but in a group of 14 or 15 people who have VERY varied tastes, that is almost impossible to do. To begin with, some of our group members didn't eat any raw fish, and others were basically only interested in raw fish. We eventually agreed to this tasting menu just out of an unwillingness to continue "fighting". They tried to appease by sending us some shooters and edamame, grilled shishito peppers, and fried green beans to start. Great, and thanks, but still not the best service you could ask for at a restaurant like here. If this rating were about the food only, I would give it 5 stars. The food really is delicious, and the decor (while strange) goes well with the feel that the restaurant seems to be going for. The pork in our meat sampler platter was overdone and dry, but two types of beefs that were perfectly cooked made up for it. The appetizer of some sort of spicy tempura rock shrimp salad was moist with the perfect amount of chewiness and spring; it's spicy, but not in the give-me-milk-to-guzzle-now way. The sushi that we were served, however, was pretty sub-standard. I'm sure this was because it had to fall in line with our tasting menu price point (which somehow got haggled down); honestly, I did not come to SushiSamba just to get spicy tuna rolls.. I could get that anywhere. In short, come here if you're in a small group. The food really is worth it, many times over. I'm sure it will be a far more amazing trip than the one I had in a large group.
1_star Its actually worse than it sounds in Bill P.'s review. If you're starving, park here and walk over to the Giant Eagle right there - anything in their cafe will be better.
2_star Just food for when you get hungry. Don't expect much. In keeping with Mandalay bays high prices, you will be overpaying for everything you get.
3_star Excellent Chicken on the Rocks!! I've had their shawarma before too and it's delicious :) pretty small place too so it can get a little tight and slightly uncomfortable when it's crowded.
4_star This is like fine dining at a buffet price. There is fresh sushi and salads. I always end up eating 2 of the creme brulees. Of course prime rib and crab legs have a plate of their own.
2_star Found this place via Yelp and it was also mentioned in the Charlotte city guide 1. Atmosphere is good - its a bar / BBQ joint - doesn't try to be fancy and thats good - beer, BBQ, sports, etc. 2. I got the sampler that had the pork, pot roast, ribs and chicken with the mac & cheese and green beans - portion wise its enough for two people but it was the only way I could sample everything 3. Ribs were good - tender but didn't fall apart - pot roast was interesting as it first time I have ever seen that - chicken was chicken - the pork was disappointing - I have made better pork myself. I expected a lot more from a southern BBQ joint - just didn't have any flavor. 4. Sides were good, but nothing that was jaw dropping 5. Service was speedy, pleasant and friendly - that was good all around Overall, I expected more from this place and left thinking that the ribs were the best thing I ate, but overall I was a little let down.
2_star Cheap quality bar food at a high price. Service is hit or miss. Place is ugly. Will suffice if you are in a late night munchie bind. 2.3 stars
5_star Outstanding burgers. I got the Smasher Special (andouille, slaw, provalone, and sriracha mayo) and was amazed that I was able to take a bite and set it down. At most joints, this burger would have been too messy to pick up and put down. The fries are matchstick-style and are good, but get cold very quickly and make it tough to dip in the variety of homemade sauces present on the table. The pickle bar is excellent, but it would be better if there were little dishes that you could use to gather the pickles you want. Instead, you must parade your plate with your sandwich around the restaurant. If you have nothing else at B Spot, you must have a milkshake! Specifically, you must try the Vanilla Bean Apple Pie Bacon milkshake. Sounds strange with the bacon, but it is something I will crave. Take a chance on it!
2_star Tried the thousand layer matcha cake and it was just okay. It tasted good but nothing that wowed me.
3_star Not bad, not vacation food worthy. Kimchi fries are a gimmick. Kalbi sandwich and pork sandwich taste the same. Meal was decent, but not something I go to again if I was visiting the toronto area again.
1_star I agree with Stacy L. Terrible service. Went for lunch before the basketball game because it's close to Kohl Center. Some customers got wait staff, some had to wait at the bar to order. No logical way they take or fill orders. Food was just so-so. Should have done what our 2 vegetarians did - walked over to Potbelly & brought food back here to watch the game while they ate. At least I saved money by not tipping & we got to the game early because we couldn't stand the place. Hey guys, you can't run a bar without staff!!
2_star Sadly this 2 star review is in comparison to Texas de brazil. The atmosphere is quite empty and bland. Their meats are dry and unseasoned. Their salad bar is mediocre. The service is really nothing to speak of. For the same price, you can experience the ridizio in a better atmosphere, with better food and service at Texas de Brazil.
3_star I usually have absolutely no problem. But sometimes one problem is all it takes. I had arranged for a future order. They decided they didn't care and delivered it at 340-345. I wasn't home yet so couldn't receive the food. I was unaware they tried to deliver food as they did not leave a message. So I waited until 430 and called. They said they could run it out again but I was due at work at 5. So I had to pick it up. It was ready when I got there. Yet I still tipped the driver because of pre posted tip. And also a delivery fee. I just feel like they made me feel like the bad guy when they screwed up. Accidents happen but don't blame the customer.
2_star We were super hungry and got take out from here, came up to $60 for 2 people (no drinks) but it felt like literally 3 bites of food. lol so we were still hungry so it depends on what you are looking for but if you are hungry , dont go here ! lol you get very little food for your mooola
4_star Don't judge a book by its cover! This place from the outside may look questionable, but once you get inside everything changes. Some of the best Mexican food I've eaten in a long time! Great ambiance, fast and attentive service. Green salsa is soooo good! You won't be disappointed. Only reason I didn't give 5-stars was because I was charged for an item I did not receive or even ask for. Upon bringing this to their attention they apologized and fixed my ticket. Great little Mexican joint. We'll definitely be back!
5_star In from out of town and this place was recommended to me. From the first moment, we were greeted with a smile (Alex was awesome!) . The entire staff was friendly absolutely amazing. Great food and good selection for meat eaters (my friend ordered ("The Fresno") it looked amazing and he loved it. And great options for Vegetarian/Vegan. Highly recommended if you're in the area.
3_star The good first. I ordered the crab ravioli and the hubs ordered a wedge salad. Both meals were delicious. They brought out a basket of various breads including garlic knots. That was a definite plus, I love variety not to mention the offerings were delectable. I also ordered a tiramisu to-go. The tiramisu was okay. I prefer it with chocolate liqueur sauce but they use cocoa powder as a garnish instead. Now the bad. The wait. I understand they were moderately busy and the place is quite small but waiting for 15 minutes after receiving our drinks just to order is a bit on the ridiculous side. If they were staffed properly this would not be an issue as I saw only one server running around the entire restaurant and she was quite rushed with everything. They really should have a backup server during busy times. Or at the very least have who I suspected was the bartender help out rather than stand around and watch the dining room. One thing that I found humorously interesting is when the server took my drink order. I ordered a Mr. Pibb after seeing it on the website's menu. She comes back with the hubs drink but quickly tells me that they don't have Mr. Pibb and hands me the beer menu asking me to choose another drink. I quickly ordered a root beer instead which she hastily obliged. The hubs and I couldn't help but giggle that she didn't realize that Mr. Pibb is a soda, not a beer. So in conclusion, the food is good but they need to be staffed properly.
4_star Nice to have another good restaurant at Town Square. Bonefish is very well appointed. Inside is beautiful. Patio looks great. Will be a nice outdoor location when the weather is warm. We went for drinks, appetizers and dinner. The drinks were okay. Some of our martinis were only 2/3 full. The appetizers were fabulous, crab cakes, shrimp and ahi tuna...no complaints at all. Dinner was sea bass and those awesome potatoes au gratin. Not a big fish fan so it would be unfair to judge but my husband loved the seabass. The staff was spot on with the service. Lots of staff around and very pleasant. i would return.
4_star I'd actually give them 3.5 stars. We showed up right on time for our reservation but still had to wait 10 minutes for our table. There was no room at the bar so we just had to wait around. The place was packed on a Friday night so I'm sure a reservation is necessary. My wife's heirloom tomato salad really wasn't as the menu described it. My caesar was good. Both of our entrees were wonderful. My prime rib was bigger than advertised and full of flavor. Her filet and lobster were both to her liking. The lobster was especially good. The reason for taking a star away was the overall service. My wife's water glass was frequently empty and we rarely saw our server. Our bread basket was empty and just left on the small 2 top table after the salads were delivered and then taken away. Either take it away or ask us if we want more. I was never asked if I wanted another drink either, and by the end we figured we'd just head out to the casino to get another one. The food was great but even on a busy night neither of us felt like we had a great overall experience, and when we're paying these prices, we simply expect better service, and they fell short.
3_star There was something weird about this place. My cousins and I came here cause we hella wanted pizza. We where looking at the menu for a long time cause it was our first time and the cashier wasn't very helpful. They didn't have thick crust because they where out of it. And the whole time the cashiers where just so annoyed! It didn't bother me until the girl brought me my garlic roll things and I said thank you and the girl didn't even smile or say you're welcome . There's just something unprofessional about this place. Ya feel me? The pizza was okay. The ranch was okay. We're very picky about our ranch. The garlic things where okay. Maybe We'll come back. Probably not.
4_star Yum! Very happy with the staff and the food. It's not Canadian food so be prepared for something different. If you like Ethiopian it is currently my fave but I sure have heard good things about Nazareth too.... Oh so many choices so little time!
3_star Prime rib special raised to $9.99 but still worth it! Includes salad buffet and cherry jubilee dessert. Took a stars off because my husband's was overcooked. Also the servers did check on us a couple times in the beginning but after they stopped coming by when we actually needed our drinks refilled.
4_star Lots of choice, very decent portions and excellent price! Often staying for long periods at the Crowne Plaza (Carlson Court), I enjoy the good food and fast delivery. Minimum order for delivery is 15$, so I go for a soup, a main course and a drink. That barely makes it to 15$ and that's plenty of food! Had very good experience with Wonton soup, Egg drop & mushroom soup, Beef & cashews, and Shanghai noodles. Bonus: very friendly delivery people!
1_star Some of the worst service I've experienced in the city. First time I was there in mid-October, i witnessed a bartender over-serve a group of young female university students, also making a derogatory and sexist comment when another patron pointed out that the students appeared heavily intoxicated (later, the group stumbled out of the bar, barely able to walk). The other patron said they would call the next day to complain, the result of which I am unaware. More recently, in temperatures of -30 with windchill, myself and two others (note that there were only three of us in the line-up) were prevented from waiting for a free table indoors rather than out in the cold (even though, interestingly, there were several tables visibly free inside). The staff member's response was arrogant at best, and completely void of human decency (and respect for human rights?) at worst.
3_star Good cheap Mexican food, but like a previous comment, it gets harder and harder to keep going back. The way they process orders is annoying, but that's not a deal-breaker if the food is worth it. I've ordered breakfast burritos and enchiladas for lunch mostly. Chips cost extra. The salsa isn't remarkable. Overall the food is just okay - good enough to stop by if it's on the way to somewhere else - not good enough to make a trip specifically to dine there.
1_star I came today 10/11/15 and both soda machine had no ice . We told the workers and nobody seemed to care. Bad service
1_star As a family of 5, frequent customers of steak and shake and new to the area...We decided to give this location a try. Unfortunately, after the experience I had this evening, I cannot see us returning. Upon entering S&S at 5:45pm, I approached the counter ready to order my family takeout. There was 1 girl at the front who was taking care of another customer. No problem, I can wait. Upon waiting for a few more minutes an elderly man approached the counter and cut in front of me in order to pay his bill. I didn't say anything to him as he was elderly & I'm patient. Of course, the cashier didn't even bother to say that I was first (no big, i suppose) & proceeded to check him out. She was having difficulty with his coupons & requested assistance from an employee named Ashley. Ashley was extremely rude and angry. She told the cashier she couldn't help her, rolled her eyes at the elderly man and slammed the cash register shut doing something else. She stormed off saying "I can't help you right now" in an angry tone. She went over to the other side of the restaurant to where she very OBVIOUSLY was gossiping about the elderly man to another waitress as they both looked around the corner in disgust. The cashier apologized to the elderly man on behalf of her rude coworker, "Sorry, she just has a lot of things to do.". UM NO? Don't make excuses for her. Her attitude was unacceptable. Eventually, a manager assisted the cashier with the mans coupons and I was next. Or so, I thought. Another employee handed the cashier the phone & told her to take the order. She looked at me, knowing I was next, and said "I know you let that older man go in front of you, but I am going to have to take this phone order. I can't keep them waiting." WHAT?! Um okay?? So that is TWO people that steak and shake decided are more important than me? As the cashier was taking the phone order, yet another employee approached the second register. Finally! I would get to order... right?? NOPE. Another customer was standing next to me & she asked him to come forward. WHAT seriously? Eventually, as THREE customers were served before me.... I could finally place my order. And I did so, without problem. 10 minutes later, my order arrived & was ready to take home. By this time, it was 6:15. I am sorry but it should NOT take 30 MIN for a take out order of 3 kids meals. But the service of this place was unacceptable. I didn't even get a single "sorry"!.
5_star Good food. Fresh ingredients, well prepared. The Pho has a wonderful broth, and the spring rolls were some of the best I've had. Comfortable environment. Friendly staff. Good value.
3_star As I'm writing this, I already know a lot of people are going to disagree with me. After all, the arrival of littlefish in the Junction has definitely been well received. The neighbourhood has been waiting an awfully long time for a cool, hipster-worthy brunch spot. Unfortunately, the arrival of littlefish hasn't completely filled that void just yet. They still have a few kinks to work out, but don't give up on them yet. I won't, but only because I really want to love it. Ok. First off, this is a pretty cool restaurant. Besides the obviously brilliant name, littlefish is a great little place to grab weekend brunch. It's small, only about 8 tables or so, but that just makes it all-the-more cozier and comfortable. It's a long, narrow space filled with exposed red brick and shiny metal airducts. The daily specials, scrawled and displayed on a suspended chalkboard, are imaginative, original, and well-thought-out. The brunch menu is pretty much what you'd expect to see. They have everything from French toast and eggs benedict to pancakes and crepes. Best of all, they seem to make everything from scratch with good ingredients. The staff goes out of their way to be friendly and to make sure you have everything you need to feel comfortable. Constantly being checked on, I never found myself without a full cup of hot coffee, but I suppose that's sort of expected in a place that only seats about 30 people. The thing that's not expected in a place this size is the ridiculous wait time for food. When I was there, it seemed as though everyone in the whole place waited 45 minutes to an hour for their orders to arrive; I know I definitely did. If they were understaffed, I couldn't understand it; there were at least 5 people in the exposed kitchen, none of them seeming to be moving with any sense of urgency. Definitely not understaffed here. The whole place seemed to be in a state of organized chaos. The front counter was covered with papers and dishes, and the visible part of the kitchen was overcrowded with food containers and crowded counterspaces. Organized chaos, but just barely contained. People rave about the food here, but I really don't see it. My eggs benny was, meh, ok, but they certainly weren't anything to get excited about. They were warm but not hot, and the side of potatoes was mostly burned. My daughter had their now 'Internet famous' French toast. With burned edges on an overcrowded plate, they were even less than meh. Make no mistake though, this place was busy. Newcomers are put on a couch to wait until a table vacates, but they are offered coffee. If you're planning on getting a table on the weekend, be prepared to wait. So why so busy? Personally, I think a lot of it has to do with the neighbourhood's lack of options. I'd be willing to bet that although littlefish may be doing well in the Junction, had they been on a more brunch heavy area, like West Queen West, they may not be doing as well as they are now. So would I go back to littlefish? Sure. I'd like to give them another chance. I think the whole neighbourhood would. After all, the Junction needs a place like littlefish as much as littlefish needs a neighbourhood like the Junction.
4_star I just enjoyed a large halibut burrito from Burrito Boyz. It's my favourite in Toronto along with Big Fat's Pulled Pork Burrito. I'm curious about BFB's breakfast one! I'm so addicted to the halibut though, that I can't seen to order anything else from BBz. I am in such a late night burrito mood tonight! I had to award both Burrito Boyz and Big Fat Burrito #1 to be fair. When I am craving a fish burrito, I go to BB. When I want something meaty, I go to BFB. It's as simple as that. 1a. Burrito Boyz Halibut Burrito ($8.85 small, $9.73 large )Halibut Burrito - so much sauce, so much win! The tortilla is toasted on a flat-top grill and the large gives you 1.5 lb of fish! Add a very generous helping of sauces: Lime-Chili Burrito sauce, sour cream, and hot sauce. Most of my friends get little to no hot sauce, but I like asking for two lines. Yum. I almost wrote this place off after trying their steak burrito - the beef was tough and unappetizing, despite the plethora of fillings. I'm really glad that I gave the place another go and tried their halibut burrito! I can ever resist its call...while curious about their veggie soy and shrimp burritos, I haven't been able to say no to halibut. 1b. Big Fat Burrito Pulled Pork I lo-o-o-ve their pulled pork burrito! It's always saucy, soft, and so good with guacamole. I always manage to stuff myself with a large without a single regret! You can get some yam in it too! 3. Burrito Bandidos Steak Burrito This is third because I only tried their steak - I bet their fish is just as good as Burrito Boyz. If I was ranking this on the steak alone, it'd be lower but I ought to be fair since the owners used to work together at Burrito Boyz so they're virtually identical. 4. Z-teca Beef Barbacoa Burrito Tried the one at Fairview Mall - this a popular chain. Pretty good if you're in the area and want a burrito fix! They're also often featured on Group Buy sites, so keep your eyes open for deals. 5. Chipotle Mexican Grill Carnitas Owned by McDonalds, this has been a major hit-or-miss for me. The last time I went, the person who made my burrito jammed it full of Carnitas and I was very pleased. The time before that, the server was quite grumpy and I got a small handful of chicken. Nonetheless, when I needed a quick burrito fix around Yonge & Dundas, Chipotle did the trick...until Big Fat Burrito moved in. I rather like their Cilantro-Lime flavoured rice 6. Burro Burrito Steak ($7.99 Large) Located beside my beloved Fish Store, I popped by after a game of floor hockey. This was in my early burrito-blitzing days and I think that I've since realized that steak burritos are not the way to go unless if you're ordering them from a good restaurant like my visit to Sweet Smoke's BBQ 7. Burrito Loco Chicken Burrito So close to being finished before the picture was taken! Oops! Of course, there's also Sweet Smoke's Flat Iron Steak burrito but since it's at a restaurant it's in a totally different class on it's own. Steak Burrito win @ $9, but not quick eats on the streets of Toronto Honourable Mentions - Not true Burritos but I still love 'em: 1. The Fish Store Tried almost everything - best: Black Cod Burrito with Avocado Honestly, if this was open later and closer to my place I'd get this over Burrito Boyz any day. The Fish Store is fantastic - they offer a huge selection of seafood that you can in sandwich or a wrap (which they call a burrito). Love Love Love. 2. NY Subway Potato burrito, cauliflower burrito, lamb burrito These aren't traditional burritos either - however their potato & cauliflower burritos are great! Totally recommend getting one of these over their meaty options.
2_star I've loved Tenders in Huntersville, from whence PDQ was birthed, since the beginning (expect for that pork sandwich which is years removed from the menu). The food is excellent! I've loved PDQ's Concord location since it opened, too. Until my last visit, that is (7.10.14). My family and I have eaten there often but this last trip was a disappointment. We were there around 12:30 pm and everything seemed normal--staffing, cleanliness, good customer traffic, ordering experience--until I picked up the tray for the four of us. My chicken tenders (3pc. meal) appeared to be about 70% of the size I'm used to. Maybe that's imagination, maybe the H'ville location has me spoiled. Still, it's not what I remember from PDQ Concord. Chock that up to a subjective determination, but one that made an impression nonetheless. What was objectively different from every past experience is the temperature of those tenders. Usually they are too hot to eat without some cool down. Not so this time. The flavor was right but smaller and just warm = no bueno. And the fries were objectively unusual too. They were limp and a tad oily instead of their usual crispy. Luke warm, not hot. Very disappointing. So, has People Dedicated to Quality moved to some "make it ahead, hold it 'til it's dead" production model? I don't know, and wouldn't think so. I'm thinking the "Chef Coat" who essentially signs off on every order wasn't doing the Quality Control part of his job very well that day. That's enough of a review to make the point. No need to detail the experience of my wife and daughters beyond the common theme: This trip wasn't what we've come to expect from PDQ. Obviously, as I'm writing this review a week later, our sub-par experience made an impact. In hindsight, I should have cared enough to speak to one of the chef coats. My bad--I'll do better if it happens again. My hope is that it was just an off day and not a sign of problems leading to decline. We'll see soon enough. I want PDQ to thrive. When it's done right it can't be beat!
2_star Apparently Pamela's is a most try for their pancakes, but I wasn't impressed. It tasted like a thin, greasy, fried crepe. I prefer my pancakes light, fluffy, and melting in my mouth. Seeing as how the pancakes are the main attraction, I'm not in a hurry to go back. The service was average to slow, due to the large crowds, and the decor & atmosphere is just ok.
1_star I went to E2 recently when I visited Pittsburgh. It was highly rated by friends, however, I found it disappointing overall. The donuts were less than satisfactory despite the fact that they had my favorite taste combination, chocolate/espresso. My maple mush was an odd assortment of polenta, bacon, and non-maple syrup. My wife had something different but was similarly underwhelmed. Clearly I would not recommend.
2_star Reviewers are not kidding when they say that the portions are huge. We are from out of state and yelped this place which had relatively good reviews. We went before noon and it got busy after we came. Very sticky menus and smelly table (assuming from a dirty rag) made it difficult to completely enjoy my meal. We had 5 children and 4 adults. The chicken tender kid's meal was not popular. The kids did not like the breading and it came with no sauce. The butter penne pasta was more popular with a generous portion. I didn't try any of the breakfast items that were ordered. Nothing spectacular. My chicken and waffle was actually better than expected. I'm not a chicken breast sort of person but I finished my shared portion of the chicken (waffles had baked in bacon) and my sister also liked it. As you can tell from the photo, portions are huge. The pancake was at least 6 to 7 inches in diameter (bigger than a basketball). I think this is the main draw to this place. I don't think I would go again. The smelly table and very sticky menus were complete turn offs for me as these things are very basic things that restaurant can do well.
1_star Well we came here years ago and it was a typical diner so we decided to try it again since they had a mini make over. It was horrible. The iced tea was disgusting, I can't even explain the taste. I can't believe the way that they have this place set up. Bacon once cooked it tossed between 2 white towels, toast sat on plates for 10 minutes or not even under a warmer. Complete disorganization, serves running circles around each other. Way to expensive for the quality of the food. We both had pancakes, no taste and rubber like. They serve it with a buttery spread not even real butter. The hash browns lacked seasoning. Will never go back. Do not waste your money.
5_star Merci merci merci ! J'ai organisé un anniversaire surprise aux héritiers, tout a était parfait de la nourriture au service, impeccable ! Merci à Sarah qui a réussit à combler toutes nos attentes et bien plus. Un service exceptionnel, et une nourriture à lécher son assiette ! Définitivement le meilleur apportez votre vin du plateau !! Réservez maintenant les yeux fermés, une bonne expérience à l'arrivé ! Le 5 services c'est le must !
3_star If you like meat, this is a place that you should definitely try. All you can eat BBQ and sushi! Because it's an AYCE place, the service is average because the poor waiters are always so busy. I wouldn't wear anything expensive or precious to the restaurant, as the smell of BBQ will intensely get through your clothes. As for the food, only some of the meats, like the beef and short ribs, are really worth your time and money as they taste the best. But, try a bit of all of them for fun, we've done that before and we liked it. The sushi is mediocre at best, but we like to get some to eat with our savoury beef to balance out the flavours. Sushi has a lot of rice in it, so don't order too much at once or you won't be able to finish them all!
5_star Three words: Bang for Buck. You can't get better food for less money, I dare you to try. But after you try George's at least once for good measure, of course.
1_star Good food but overpriced. Paid $55 for two small portions. Service was horrible. After waiting ten minutes for a server, the waiter did not even say hello when he finally arrived. We only saw him again when he delivered the check. Not the wonderful Vegas dinner I had hoped.
5_star The only place that carries Intelligensia's espresso beans in Madison, WI! It's the only cafe that people must try in Madison!
2_star Food was just OK, service is spotty and prices aren't that great.
1_star As a individual who frequently eats out, this is by far the worst experience I have ever had. Food was horrible. Service was slow. But at least the balloon artist was able to keep my grandson entertained. And then we hadn't suffered enough so decided to get dessert also. Don't order the churros and smores, because according to the waitress, it takes a long time because of the process of baking the marshmallow. They weren't kidding!!!
5_star Love this place! From the hot and sour soup to the sushi this place is awesome. The prices are great and so is the service!
2_star Went today for lunch. Had the burger. Tasty, nothing special. Small. The size salad was good. Wife had the turkey club. It came with a lot of back which is usually a good thing, if it was cooked. The bacon was picked off and avoided. We went bc of a groupon. Nice place. Had a good pizza sitting on the patio in the summer.
1_star Fun place for the kids, but had to ask for a clean glass i was greasey when she handed it to me the girl went in that back and came out 3 mins later, beer tasted fun pretty sure I got a dirty glass
4_star If you want fresh, healthy, light fare this is the perfect place. If you're starving and want to stuff yourself, go somewhere else. It's very vegetarian friendly too. The food is really good, and a big bonus for the creativity. Today, I had their granola salad, which was very tasty and their sweet potatoes side...yum! They also have kids menu. Both my kids had the mac and cheese with mashed potatoes and a choice of meat. The desert selection is pretty decadent too. The atmosphere is an informal, swanky, hippie. Think the hippie who spends $300 for ripped jeans. It is a little pricey...$8 for my salad, $4 for the side. You have to wait in line to order, then it is served to your table on (nice) plastic (correction - bamboo) plates and bowls. But, the freshness and creativity make up for it. Service is friendly and they're on top of getting the empties out of our way. Definitely worth a visit when you're in a healthy mood.
1_star Lost our place on the list. Barely an apology as they told us it would be another 30-45 minutes after we had waited an hour already. My parents are in town and we decided to go for a nice brunch, with my sister and girlfriend. Mom loves Mildred's and we're usually treated well there if you don't mind following the protocol (ie waiting). Girlfriend and I show up in advance at 10:20 and we get on the list for 5 people, and are told 45 minutes, they'll text us. We go and meet my parents and sister to wait at a nearby coffee shop. 45 minutes rolls around and no call or text. We walk back, its now 11:20 and I've at least had coffee, and they've lost our name on the list. The place is obviously over run and there are groups immediately on deck for every possible available table. I always thought Mildred's managed their high volume well. I never felt I needed to hound the staff to make sure I would get my table. Guess the management is slipping, not sure I can trust them for my family Sunday brunches anymore.
3_star If you like pork belly, this is a place to try. There is a call button on every table. Bring a group to enjoy more food. 5 or more gets 18% included. all can eat dinner is 21.95 Enjoy!
2_star When I typed "La Cabane" in Yelp's search engine, I was surprised to see a listing turn up that included "De Portugal" in its name. Judging by the location on the map, I'm pretty sure it's the same place on the Main where I had a poutine and my dining companion had a chicken breast burger: two connected rooms (with two entrances), more of a bar/pub with standard mediocre bar/pub food offering, and ample televisions broadcasting the hockey game... That's the place, right? I ended up there only because Copacabana next door was packed to the rafters on this particularly exciting game night. La Cabane, though I'm pretty sure boasted more screens, had plenty of room to spare. The poutine was made with shredded cheese and a peppercorn gravy on fries that were crispier than your average frozen McCain's, which was a pleasant surprise. For better quality and value on both the food and beer, I think I better just plan to arrive earlier to Copa next time.
4_star The 3.5 rating is accurate. Had the Panang Curry, it came with lots of rice and tofu but not many vegetables.
2_star i am first time to go out to have dinner with my wife in Toronto city,this restaurant provide good food.but service would be do better ,And I wold be more satisfied when I pay the bill?
4_star Want to eat your pizza with hookers, bankers, and street kids? i quite like The Big Slice, because the portions are gigantic (as promised) and very reasonable - $4.50 for a slice and a soda makes it one of the best pizza deals in town. The dining area is super-sketch, and the staff are very unfriendly. But i didn't come here for friendly service and to not get stabbed. i came here for pizza, dammit, and The Big Slice delivers. (Well, i don't know if they ACTUALLY deliver, but the pizza is good.)
5_star a loyal customer for over 15 years. I will continue going back! Amazing food very friendly staff
3_star Three and a half--Perfectly good sushi and rolls for a reasonable price. My faves are the spicy tuna and eel and avocado rolls. Takara is a frequent lunch destination for me and buddies from work--we prefer the State Street location because it seems to be a bit quieter than the one on Whitney Way.
2_star Summary: Overpriced and mediocre tasting dim sum dishes, with below average food portions..won't be back again. Came to this place to try it out on a sat morning, outside the restaurant there's a sign claiming there are more then 500 kinds of variety of dim sums available, however upon reading the menu, there's at best 50 different varieties of dim sums dishes. Pricing are significantly higher then the popular dim sum places in Markham and Richmond Hill areas, however the food portions are noticeably less. Food flavoring is just average withoit any significant mentionables..it seems that they are trying to offer an upscale dim sum experience, reflecting from the decors and price level they charge, however the food quality and value has not kept up with those expectations..will not come back again. Staff are friendly though and food was fast, hence the 2 stars.
4_star Had a late lunch there. Had the Reuben sandwich it was Delicious! Nice place and service. Must try the delcious chocolate cake next time.
2_star Came in for a little me time and wanted to use my free birthday pastry. I came in pretty late in the day so most of the pastries were gone so I opted for the Carrot Cake cupcake and also got my favourite Chai Tea Latte. In terms of the cupcake, I couldn't handle the sweetness of icing on top so I took it off and just ate the 'meaty' part of the cake until I found that the middle was stuffed with more of the icing and I just couldn't. It was pretty mediocre. My latte didn't come for a while and one of the employees came around to ask if I ordered a chai tea latte and if I've received it yet and when I said that I hadn't he said said he'll go prepare it and bring it now. Fast forward another 15 minutes, I still didn't have my latte so I asked another employee who had to put in the order to begin with and brought it by. It was also extremely cold in there lol. I thought it was just me but I kept overhearing customers complaining about. It was almost a relief to walk outside in the heat. So far, I've only had good experiences with Panera in the morning :(
2_star Tried this last night since we were at the mirage already for the Beatles Love. So disappointed with the food. We should have gone to Carnegie Deli instead. Tried the Italian station first and got the pork scallopini and ravioli. Pork was so tough and ravioli is not any better from the store bought kind. Only went downhill from there with the Asian station. The pad Thai didn't taste like pad Thai. The sushi was bland. Wish mirage would put more effort in creating tasty dishes. There are better options for dinner at 29 pp.
5_star I was craving Korean food after a recent trip to Korea and thank goodness I found this place! I got the spicy beef and it was on point! Tasted just like back in Korea! I was pleased to see a decent portion of kimchi and other veggie sides as a part of my dish. I got my order to go, but I noted as I waited for my food that the ambiance was very calm and enjoyable! I'm definitely coming back for dine in!
1_star Had several items delivered. It was bad. The poo poo platter seemed like it was made hours before and the items were sitting under a heat lamp. The beef dish(think it was Mongolian beef) was nothing but onion. Literally jus pile of onion w bland sauce and cpl strips of beef. Its so close to my house but I will NEVER go there again.
1_star Very disappointed. I arrived at Andrew's at approximately 7:50 PM for a late dinner. The sign on the door says they close at 9pm yet the entire dining room was closed (very unwelcoming). I placed my order with a less than enthused cashier and even left a tip since I was under the impression that me being there was an inconvenience. I ordered the pulled pork BBQ sandwich with the green chili Mac n cheese to go so I could get out of their hair. I drove the 1/2 mile to my house and began my feast. I was immediately disappointed. The bread was extremely soggy and the meat its self was Luke warm at best. I attempted to eat the Mac n cheese but it was so cold that it nearly broke the cheap plastic fork they give you. Needless to say, I will never be back to Andrews BBQ nor will I ever recommend his restaurant. A piece of advice, new customers can walk in at any time of day... If it was my restaurant I would ensure that my restaurant and food were consistent for every customer. Thanks for the waste of $10!
3_star I've had good and bad experiences throughout the years. For years I was a big fan of the garlic eggplant, penang chicken and summer tofu. Near the end of my dining experiences the garlic eggplant was so salty yet bland I couldn't even eat it. Like someone tossed a whole bottle of msg in there to cover up for the lack of anything else. That actually kept me from eating at the Thai Gourmet for over a year. But I recently came back as it is convenient to order lunch/appetizers then hit the pet store and Marc's and then back to pick up my food. I used to love the Thai Spring Rolls but they changed. Now they are all meat with no veggies or anything else. The sweet chili dipping sauce is good through (dig deep and get the ginger!). Haven't tried the garlic eggplant since I've been back. The summer tofu is still as good as I remember and if you're into thai basil you'll love the penang chicken. You can wait in the front of the store for a while before anyone comes to take your order but the food is almost always no more than a 10 to 15 min wait.
1_star This was our first time in, as soon as we walked in the door we felt uncomfortable and the young girl that was behind the counter was not friendly, helpful, professional or service oriented at all !!!!!! The crust on the pizza was very good but, the sauce taste straight from the can. The bread with the salad was excellent but, if you want butter with your bread it's extra $ ... lol !! Oh Yeah !! no balsamic vinegar or olive oil either. We ordered two slices of cheese pizza , split a house salad , 1 peroni, 1 pilot grigio and don't forget the butter for our bread $ 35.57. Lol !!! I suggest Famous Ray's Pizza 350 East Bell road Phoenix . True NY style pizza . There are many other Ray's in town but, this is the best one by far. Hands down awesome food, at Ray's .
5_star Just had the most perfect lunch at Modo Mio this afternoon! The food was phenomenal and the service spot on. We (husband and I with our two year old - they are super kid friendly and gave our son crayons to keep busy) had the grilled calamari, kale Caesar salad, calzone and pasta a la vodka. The portions were generous, the flavours fantastic, and everything come quickly and was fresh. i highly recommend this place! We will be back often and will likely order takeout regularly as I already crave the calzone!
5_star Amazing restaurant!!! I went there to celebrate my husband's Bday and the wait staff were so friendly! They made a surprise by giving my husband a free dessert with a happy bday message on it. Great vegan menu!!! I would definitely recommend it!
2_star Crab cakes are nice - you can really taste the crab. Kids meal portion is small for the $8.95 they charge. It doesn't come with any drink or dessert. Overall pricey. Service mediocre. Nice for the patio but would try other places to eat next time.
3_star Seems over-rated. The salad wasn't that good and the pizza was ok. Since it's walking distance to my apartment I'll probably go back again, but it's not going to be the first place I think of.
2_star The reason I gave them two stars is not because of the food but because it is a complete dump! The coneys and chili cheese fries were excellent but it's hard to eat when it's so unbelievably hot inside that sweat is dripping off my forehead into my food, it was truly miserable in there! I'm from Detroit, and let me tell you, none of the original coney spots are filthy and dirty like this one! It's a damn shame to represent Detroit like this.
3_star We had the Big Boy and Little Bird crepes. My friend and I both agreed that the crepes themselves were good in that they're were very light and crispy, but there was a little too much sauce. I personally didn't like the combination of cold cuts with the crepes. The little bird was very heavy with the garlic mayo, however service was very friendly. The sugar cane juice was alright but very, very sweet.
2_star Raised price on their Pho alot and lowered the portion of beef. Never again!!
2_star The food quality was not very good. The flavors were neither authentic Vietnamese or well executed fusion. Confused as to what their objective is. It definitely isn't tasty, fresh food. Wish Chada Thai would have been open :)
3_star This was the place I was most looking forward to eating at in Vegas. I'm sad to say I was disappointed. The food was amazing, but the atomosphere and service were way below the the prices they charge. It felt like a cheap club with fantastic food. Very disconnected. Our server was condecending. She seemed annoyed we didn't order "enough" (she'd recommended 2-3 cold dishes, 2-3 hot dishes, and 2 sushi rolls) but that was our choice. We'd had a late lunch. If you just want good food, I'd recommend saving your money and going elsewhere. If you're a 20 or 30-something and want a party atmosphere and don't care about the bill, this could be fun for you.
5_star The very best service this time due to Rachel who provided superior customer service and attention like I have never seen before from Panda Express. She made the experience at Panda excellent
5_star Best ever? Even though I move to Markham I still drive almost 20mins to this restaurant
3_star The food was absolutely delicious! Rice was perfectly cooked and curries were flavourful and well spiced. It only gets 3 stars because the service was fairly lacklustre and although quick, it was merely fine not really friendly or hospitable. Definitely worth another try.
5_star If Yelp had a special feature where you can attach audio files with your review, I would gladly re-enact the noises I was making during my dinner at Michael Mina's StripSteak at the Mandalay Bay. It would basically be borderline pornographic... The three words you need to hear at the beginning of your dinner that ensures a very pleasurable experience... DUCK FAT FRIES (and a trio no less). What an amazing thing! Light, crispy, wonderful flavor. I was expecting something that would be too rich to handle, but these were great. Three flavors (bbq, truffle, herbed) with accompanying dipping sauces. Yum. I decided to forego an appetizer as I really wanted to sink my teeth into some steak. So tempted to go for Wagyu beef, but I went for an 18oz dry-aged Angus rib-eye... perfectly seasoned and cooked. No need for any kind of sauce. And the sides... The sides! Truffled mac n' cheese.... and not just mac n' cheese made with truffle oil, but actual truffle shavings in the sauce! Heaven. Creamed spinach with bacon... caramelized onion and goat cheese scalloped potatoes... and their complimentary foccacia bread. For dessert... Beignets with 18-year-old Scotch pudding... just the right amount of booziness. The beignets were warm, light, and airy. As if this isn't enough fried dough... i also ordered the Dunkin' mini doughnuts... these came with jasmine infused chocolate sauce and salted caramel sauce... yes... yes... Service was wonderful... The space is beautiful and modern. This is my second visit to a Michael Mina restaurant... he hasn't disappointed. Can't wait to go to his other restaurants!
2_star Thought food was good. Had dinner with my brother who does not like cheese. He ordered a Cobb salad and emphasized no cheese. Unfortunately there was blue cheese in his salad. Which blue cheese for cheese haters has to be the worst cheese you could possibly eat. When presented the blue cheese to the waiter the waiter said no its Egg so he tried tasting it and in fact it was blue cheese. He asked for another salad and unfortunately there was also blue cheese in that salad. When my brother told the waiter he said no its not blue cheese. So we asked to speak to the manager and the manager came over and said " no sir it's not blue cheese i asked the chef". Clearly that's the worst thing you could tell a customer that what they tasted was not correct. So the manager asked "so what do you want me to do" so we told him nothing and ask him to leave. Worst thing you can ever tell a customer.
5_star Best steak in Vegas. Best mashed potatoes in Vegas. Best French restaurant in Vegas. MAKE MAKE MAKE RESERVATIONS! Decided to leave this place as our last meal in Vegas and I wouldn't want to have it any other way. Our server made our experience 10x times better. He was extremely attentive and friendly. He knew when to stop by and when not to. He knew what to recommend and to describe how everything was prepared. I will never forget asking him what the special of the night was and how well he described it that I had to ordered it. Beef Wellington. Unfortunately, they had run out of it. So he recommended I got the filet mignon, as this is what the restaurant is well known for. I do not regret listening to him. The steak was cooked perfectly. Medium never tasted so good. My brother had the filet mignon as well but his was with mashed potatoes and mine with fries. I ended up leaving him without mashed potatoes because they were too good for me not to eat them off his plate. They were creamy, fluffy and soft at the same time. No wonder this place is always packed. They will definitely be seeing me again.
4_star Very nice place for a Sunday lunch. We started out with a side of Baba Ghanouj. First time ever trying it before. Awesome! Then a buddy and I split the Filet Lamb Kabob. Really, really good! Meat was very tender and juicy. All the portions were reasonably large, definitely enough to split the main dish. Especially getting the dinner size. Our server was very sweet and did a great job despite a large party going on. The only problem is that it's not enough different from Aladdin's. Pretty much the exact same restaurant.
1_star First experience wasn't a good one...unfortunately I wasn't even able to experience the product...waited in line for more than 10 minutes, staff was overwhelmed and struggling to even take care of what appeared to be the orders they had. Lots of customers waiting around...maybe next time even though I highly doubt there will be one based on this experience...unfortunate, I had high expectations.
4_star Drive past here a lot. Always wondered what it was like. Stopped today for a late lunch after looking for houses in the area. Quite impressed. Really good selections on the menu, lots of Italian options. Tasty meal, nice ambience, and good service. Will definitely go back.
1_star Arrived at the SnS and for once there was no line. However, one quickly formed after I gave our name for a table for 4. For the next 20 minutes everyone in the newly formed line was seated (tables for 2-8) before we were. At the cash register after dinner, I was asked how our experience was. I told them that Blanca (the person taking names and seating people) sat everyone ahead of us for 20 minutes, while my family and I waited even though we were there first. The cashier said "oh". So glad they don't need the business. I have been near there twice at dinner time and have skipped them for other alternatives in the area.....and will continue to do so. Our family of four, who love SnS in other states will skip this one from now on. I would highly recommend Johnny Rockets at the Silverton, which is close to SnS and friendlier wait staff, without the line. Also, you can catch the mermaids in the Aquarium in the hotel/Casino. I recommend Johnny Rockets over SnS to all my friends. ***I do not work for Johnny rockets or the Silverton Casino......anywhere else I love Steak and Shake. My opinion is this SnS doesn't need the business or care about their customers. Visit them in other States, but I would steer clear of them in Las Vegas.
5_star Amazing everything. I hope I can find something like this place in the gta. A true montreal staple.
1_star Went to restaurant with 3 coworkers and found a cute little place that wasn't too busy. Now I know why... We ordered 3 meals off the regular menu and 4 sushi rolls. They took an hour and a half to bring the menu items, forgot the salads, and 2hours to bring the sushi rolls. All the waiter kept doing was giggling "sorry" like a bad Seinfeld episode. Food was mediocre and don't even attempt the green tea ice cream... It tasted like Brut cologne with a slimy outer shell. I have eaten at a lot of sushi restaurants and I can guarantee I will not return here.
4_star Working in the Yorkville area, I've come here regularly for lunch. I love the location and the interior. It's a nice break from the everyday, and it's automatically relaxing. Calm, ignorable, music fills the restaurant, interspersed with the occasional loud whirring of a blender. I like that there is always a bottle of water on the table, because I end up getting a couple litres of my H2O intake for the day while I'm there. I've ordered a bunch of different things, but the Pad Thai was easily (and most expensively) my favourite. Nice filling serving, with a fresh rich flavour. The nacho plate is pretty delicious too, but as some other reviewers have mentioned, don't expect a giant nacho plate portion here. It's not huge, but paired with a meal it's a nice snack. Smoothies are always thinner than I expect them to be (and after ordering it several times you'd think I'd be used to it by now, but I'm not) so that's something to be aware of and set less thick mouthfeel expectations. Overall I like it here. I do find it feels expensive, especially since there is no guarantee of organic ingredients, but service is always good and not intrusive. p.s. Get a macaroon (or three) they're delicious.
4_star Came here with my parents. first time at this restaurant. parents have been to the one in LA. I personally though the price was a bit high, but im comparing it to the one in LA. The food here is surprisingly good. its your typical korean bbq eatery. they give you raw meat, you cook the meant, then you eat the meat. being called honey big, of course they only have meat from the pig. the grill is like a big lid for an ancient jar. when the meat is cooking, they put the kimchi and other side dishes on the edge of the grill so you don't waste all the flavor. towards the end they add some rice and make fried rice. pretty interesting. it is a bit cramped in there and of course gets really hot in there. i believe you have to ask them for rice to do the whole fried rice thing, if not you don't get it. its like if you know they do it they'll do it but if not they won't waste time.
2_star Hate to say this, but my food was awful. Cornbread and gravy was very good but the smothered chicken was awful, it was tough and dry. The blackeyed peas tasted like they were straight out of a can, no seasoning, had to keep adding salt and pepper to everything. Plus they had no greens!! Soul food place with no greens?? Had cabbage instead; it was horrible, swimming in water, no seasoning. Potato salad was awful. I will give them a second chance. Hopefully it will better.
4_star Hands down favorite place to eat! The buffalo chicken pizza is addictive. Love sitting in the bar, but I wish there were more beer/cider options for people with gluten allergies! I'll catch wicked weeds gluten freak sometimes and of course angry orchard... But it gets old pretty quick.
4_star Pretty standard breakfast restaurant that provides the classic breakfast dishes. Very friendly staff and reasonable pricing. I had the corned beef hash skillet with over easy eggs and sourdough toast. It was enough food that I didn't finish, which isn't very typical and for only $9.45, so it's a fair trade in my opinion. The eggs were cooked perfectly as well as the potatoes, perfectly golden with those crunchy bits that bring out a good potato flavor. The corned beef was a little mutilated for me, it almost like it was ground it was so finely chopped and although it was good, it could've had a little more flavor, maybe some green chiles or just some onions in the mix of things to give it a bit of zing to it.
2_star Remember when there wasn't a Bier Markt everywhere you looked? It used to be great as a bar/pub but in the last couple years it's started to fall apart. The clientele has gotten too pretentious and their food isn't worth eating. Servers don't know enough about their non-mainstream beer. I asked for a suggestion and she suggested Stella! STELLA????? We were there on Saturday - table of six, waiting for one person - and as we were browsing the menu we asked the server for water and she copped an attitude about it. Sliders were over cooked and cold. We didn't bother with dinner after that...just a few more drinks and then headed out.
2_star Average to above average Thai food at reasonable prices, but VERY slow with indifferent service. As best as we could tell, the kitchen was prioritizing making Uber Eats orders over the diners in the restaurant. No Thai food, no matter how good, would have been worth that wait. Spend your time and money elsewhere.
2_star I was pretty disappointed with the Peculiar Rabbit. I can definitely say that I will not be back. The food was decent, the drinks were ok--over priced, the staff were nice enough, but the wait!! We went for brunch with a group of 10 and we had to wait close to 1.5-2 hours for our food to come out after ordering--no they were not busy. Then to top it, they brought 2 orders out 45minutes before they brought the rest of the food out. It was a mess to say the least. They were pretty responsive to our complaint of the food taking so long and them bringing out 2 orders WAY before the others by comping us 3 desserts, which we shared between all of us, and comping us one of the orders that came out early.
1_star Brickhouse used to be my favorite restaurant in Davidson. I recently came in from out of town (on my birthday) to get my favorite dish, cajun chicken pasta, and because I came at lunch they refused to make it, being that it was not on the lunch menu. This had never been an issue before-very disappointed in this change because it's still on the dinner menu so I know they have the ingredients.
1_star I have zero inkling as to how anyone can rate this place more than 1 star. I went there today after looking up great burgers and seeing that Food Network was there so we gave it a go. WHAT A MISTAKE!!! Horrible service- the weirdo guy forgot orders of drinks and food every time we asked for something. (Makes me really question the person that hired this guy) Drinks- the 'unlimited soda' is pretty limited to sugar corn syrup. We sent back our cokes and thought the ginger ale would be better off... NOPE. Food- the burgers were overcooked, overpriced, and plain flavored. The fries and onion rings were so greasy that it was instant heartburn. The ambiance- blasting radio station and dirty table tops.... Yummmm! Booooo!!!! to Food Network and Guy Fieri for putting their stamp of approval on this place. Don't do it. Save your money and your appetite for the other foodie places in CLT.
2_star uh oh... i have a feeling all you "fans" aren't going to like me much. i'll try to give you only the details of my experience there (but it's not going to be short). day/time: sunday, 1:30pm players: myself, friend, mom, uncle, brother, his wife and their family (including three young girls under the ages of 6) and, i'll let you decide for yourself if this info is necessary, but we're all asian. stereotypes DO exist. don't kid yourself. no reservations? that's fine. we were lucky enough that there were two 4 tops available side by side. and it starts here. the restaurant isn't that busy, people are finishing their lunches, and tables are freeing up. but upon our seating, i notice two employees standing by the computer seemingly arguing about something, and staring at us (or maybe both were just staring straight ahead and we just so happened to be in their line of sight). but i have a very strange suspicion that one of the two, was the manager/supervisor. no matter, maybe our server was wanting to go home or something, and now she had a table of 9. no biggie. but when our server came to the table, they asked very abruptly, "so, does everyone want water?" no smile, no greeting, no enthusiasm. well, it was a cold day, so i proceeded to ask around if anyone would like some hot beverage instead, so i asked our server, "what hot drinks do you have?", shaking her head as if i was supposed to know their selection, "tea, coffee..." to the tone of, it's in the menu, take a look. at this point, three people wanted tea already. my brothers' family was still settling down with the kids, so they never had an option. water's came by hand, without a tray. not a big deal, but for the inspired decor, i would think a little "higher end" service is called for. again, no big deal. our server came back maybe 10 minutes later asking, so do you know what you want? well yes. we ordered a few apps, and i specifically ordered a grilled chicken on a bed of quinoa to start. our server looked at me and said, "that's a main item." well, yes, i'm aware of that, "...but is it possible to have it come out as an app so we can share?" our server walked away and muttered under their breath, "well, i have to see if the kitchen can do that. ...yeah, but the chicken takes time to cook." really. they went to the computer and ordered everything and upon passing by, i told them, "we're not in any rush, don't worry about things coming out a little late". "yeah, i already told the kitchen" yeah, thanks. you told the kitchen by just punching in the order at the terminal which was on the other side of the establishment. food came out (the apps). everyone loved the humus, the felafel were quite nice (sauce lacked any purpose) and when the chicken came out, it was no thicker than about two centimeters. not a big deal to cook right? on the plus, our server did bring us more pita (i didn't look at the bill, so i don't know if it's on the house like bread?) i mean, that's great! but they brought it in their hand, in some open parchment paper, and plopped it in our existing basket. is that the restaurant protocol? no biggie. less than midway through consuming our apps, yes, the menus were still on the table. why? ooooh, because our main course wasn't ordered yet. so here's the server asking us if we want to order anything else. of course! so we ordered (i'll detail that after). and i knew. i KNEW at that time, that they wouldn't time the order. i KNEW that the main courses would come out while the appetizer plates were still on the table. and guess what?! i was right. so, we shifted, and piled, and re-adjusted who got to eat what... with a bit of tetris experience, we fit everything, but food just wasn't in front of the person who ordered. no biggie. just eat, clear/stack, and eat. without even our side plates (which are a decent size) or app plates cleared, we finished our meal. our server THEN decided to put on that smile and ask, "how is your food?" well, the food is fine! "do you need containers to pack the extras?" sure! so they brought us containers and bags. that's the sum of the experience. all the way through, i noticed that all the staff had at least one disagreement with one other staff member. again, is that management? why is he pissing everyone off? i'm a pure "front of house" guy. i hate this about myself, but i just can't shut my eyes when i go to a restaurant. in fact i openly admit it to my friends and family, that i'm the WORST person to go with (especially if it's western style service). i'm not THAT picky, but if an establishment is looking to charge a fairly higher price for the style of food, trying to break the middle ground barrier of decor and supposed ambiance, you BET i'm gonna take notice of certain behaviors. (if you look at my other reviews, there are some real dives, and i have no issues with that). food was decent! and i ran out of space to wr
3_star I liked it enough - but couldn't reach 4 stars. We had the pan seared scallops and they were pretty good. I had some sort of butternut squash ravioli (don't see it on a menu - maybe it was a special) and they were VERY good. My friend had the salmon salad and he really enjoyed it. So why 3 stars? first because I still can't figure out the half star click (can somebody send me a message and tell me how the hell i do that? i'm a goof!) anyway - i digress .....i would have given it 3 1/2 stars if i knew how!! We sat outside (cool spring weather) and it was beautiful until a homeless man with his dog started hanging around (not that there's anything wrong with homeless people --but...) I would have liked our server to ask him to leave, unfortunately we were never rescued so my friend nicely handled it. Maybe not a big deal - but, personally, I think the establishment should fend for the customers. Note - outdoor patio does allow smoking and well, given the right wind direction - you too could be 'smokin' ..... And as mentioned in other review -- yes, the interior is stark and cold. I know it's contemporary but that doesn't mean I should feel like I'm sitting in a steel vat. Therefore our seating choices were: inside cold vat vs. outside smokey -- we did enjoy sitting outside. All in all - I do tell people to try it out because it's a good place, however I don't over sell it. Maybe it could use a little 'something' to perk it up? dunno Support our local area restaurants!!!
5_star Wow!! I'm not sure I can say enough good things about this place! The Starbucks in our hotel recommended us to try Bakersfield for some tacos and cheap drinks since it was right across the street from where we were staying. We came in for a late dinner on Saturday night and went downstairs to sit at the bar because upstairs was a bit crowded. Our bartender was fantastic, and not only had great knowledge of the menu, also gave us a good lesson on the difference between the types of tequila, because we didn't know about aged tequilas. Our margaritas were delicious, I had the spicy and it was just right on the spice. We ordered the guacamole after he said it's made fresh, and it was delicious! This might have been the best guacamole I've ever had. We ordered 2 tacos each, all were great. My hubby got a pork belly and the only thing he mentioned was a little bit of extra liquid on the taco which made the tortilla just a bit soggy.. Will be moving to Pittsburgh soon and we will definitely be back!
4_star The wait is long, but arguably worth it, even on a Sunday around 1pm it took 45 mins to be seated. Above Avg bear selection and my wife had a pear cider (unique). We had grilled cheese, reuben, and the spinach and cheese sandwich. All were large, tasted great, and not too expensive. I enjoyed the unique atmosphere and the bar decor. I'd definitely eat here again. Our waiter was attentive and friendly.
3_star Thai Express--every McGill ghetto dweller's favourite fast food spot! Now, I love their pad thai. Its 'magically delicious' if not at all authentic (all the staff are Chinese, no Thai guys that's for sure). The staff here know the drill: order, wait, receive your food with a grunt. I always order the chicken pad thai and then load it up--as everyone does--with that delicious 'red rooster' sauce and a mountain of peanuts. Its Asian comfort food at its finest. I went here OFTEN and then, however, I read an article in Globe and Mail that the pad thai here is ridiculously fattening. Like over 1,200 calores fattening. I mean, I guess it makes sense considering the portions are mountainous and the use of what appears to be oil is more than generous but still it ruined it for me. I always thought 'oh Thai express if a healthy fast good option!' but I was WRONG, wrong I tell you. And now I wonder why I gained those freshmen 15 lbs! Ha! The truth is out. So if you want some cheap-ish and delicious Thai food on the go you now know where to go but remember its hella fattening and your ass won't be happy!
1_star They had hair in the food when I asked for a refund after eating half a plate my first plate. I was disgusted, my kids did not want to continue eating there food. they refused to give a refund and said if they were in the same situation they would have continued to eat.igot the run around from the management staff and they refused to give a refund and threatend to call the police. 60 dollars for one plate of food which was not great just a big waste of time and money
2_star Sushis were good. The main dishes were average and over-priced for the quality. There are far better Japanese places in Phoenix and would not recommend this place.
4_star Had the chick'n shack, a half & half vanilla/chocolate shake, and fries. If you like fried food, you definitely have to get the chicken sandwich. Better than chick-fil-a.
3_star Beef is terrible. Stringy, gristly and overcooked. Chicken is good.
4_star The evening walk down Vegas strip made us hungry and we seen a Fatburger. We sat down at a high bar table and no one came to our table to take our order so we went up to cashier and placed an order. When the food arrived the burgers were cooked to our preference. The burgers were huge and made neatly. We would go here again for anoth4r burger.
5_star Stopped by Fat Heads for a relatively quick beer(s) and bite to eat. First off, the place is much larger than I anticipated. It's a pretty fun atmosphere and blends loud/energetic with casual very well. I ordered the Trail Pale Ale per the waiter's recommendation and it was great. For a second I had the Sunshine Daydream, which I've had before and really enjoy.The food was really good, almost unexpectantly so from a bar/grill. Ordered the onion rings to start which were done perfectly served with a somewhat spicy side sauce. For the main course I had the Brewben which was easily two meals in itself. Stacked with meat and nicely toasted. All around great experience and will absolutely be coming back. The service is solid, price is right, beer selection is great and the menu is extensive...what else can you ask for?
4_star I grew to appreciate Vietnamese food after graduating college. I was living in an are up north that had a sizable Southeast Asian community, and there were at least six Vietnamese restaurants within walking distance of my house. Not having a lot of spare cash coupled with the fact that the Vietnamese eateries were quite affordable meant that my friends and I would quite often find ourselves with bellies full of pho and vietnamese iced coffee. Fast forward many years later and I'm glad to find that there is an excellent choice for Vietnamese food a quick hop from my current abode. I've been to dine at Saigon Palace close to a dozen times and it has been consistently good. The staff has been friendly, the service great, and the food has been extremely tasting and satisfying. The Pho is quite good as is the Bun. Also, the quail appetizer is outstanding. I did manage to make it to their Sunday buffet lunch which was very cool. It was packed and the place was buzzing with families and large groups happily chowing down and enjoying the food and conversation. Saigon Palace has pretty much everything I could ask for in a regular dining stop.
4_star excellent service; clean and bright simple decor; very tasty dishes
5_star While the food is amazing here, we can also say the same about the service! Nate is half the reason we keep coming back!! He truly makes the dinning experience unforgettable with his quirky/enthusiastic personality and always adds a personal touch to our drink requests. He's always ensuring that our food comes out flawless and makes us feel like we are his #1 customers. We absolutely love it here and would 100% recommend it! It's especially great for larger groups who want to get an amazing view of the entire city too!!
4_star It's not the best Applebees here in Vegas but they have good food and drinks and so close to my place then i usually go there on weekends.
5_star I am a gelato aficionado who's had gelato in both Spain and Italy and I must say this gelato is so tasty and authentic. Reminds me of Italy. Stracciatella is my fave and theirs is creamy and chips were plentiful. My hubby got the coffee which he loved it had coffee bean chips. Will def be back when back in town.
1_star This review relates only to the Annual Oyster Feast. We attended the 3rd annual one on October 2nd, 2014. Price per head was $95. Wine and beer was advertised as included but there were only 2 terrible over crafted beers available from a distributor who seemed to be there to sell their swill. The wines too were generic and low quality from the same distributor. So that whole aspect was a sales pitch. For $95, I'm done buying. The oyster selection was incredible (at least in terms of presentation) Ice bins were setup everywhere with placards on them naming where the oysters came from around the country. By the time you returned to your seat, you had forgotten the places where they came from and they all looked and tasted the same. Not to mention that all of them were small and had no real heartiness or depth of flavor. Other selections were fried oysters (over breaded and void of any oyster flavor), oysters Rockefeller (fine enough), and a clam crostini (too fishy) After about an hour of eating what were essentially appetizers, you realize that's it. There is no real food included even though the advertised menu suggest there is some opportunity to make a meal out of it (and why wouldn't there be, it's $95 so I 'm going into it thinking it is a meal) . But they don't even give you bread to at least fool you into thinking you ate a meal. Overall, with the alcohol included, it is probably at most a $55 a head event considering you will still have to go out for dinner afterwards.
2_star Everybody! Please join me in welcoming Pizza Libretto to the Era of.....I dunno what to call this? Firstly, not a shot at the waiter, reservation takers (simply following orders presumably) BUT someone in mgmnt has decided it's perfectly fine to pre-qualify the duration of your stay?!! In all my years having business lunches downtown (over 20yrs stuffing my face in business district eateries) I have NEVER been asked "to leave because the table is reserved for 1:15". The fact I'm getting older may be that my hearing is going but in this case when I asked the young lady to repeat herself she triumphantly repeated herself loud and clear - stuff yourself and get lost Mr!! Lets role play restaurant goers! We got approximately 1hr to settle in, order drinks, appetizers, mains, dessert/cafe and check out. Plenty of time correct? Unless your name has Hoover in it or you're romantically interested in indigestion not enough time. As for the food, meh. Good but not WHOA! "I gotta eat here again". You want thin crust, special flour that wont make your girdle burst and lets not forget its baked in some ancient Italian oven that is licensed by some authority we all couldn't give a hoot about! Oh! The maker of the pie prepped presumably by a pizza artist known only in their world (why would the average Joe know about a guy who can flop a pizza pie together?) So, ok ya, maybe I'm jealous whatever. It's PIZZA people! Yes, better than fast food pizza but...it's still ZAH!!! Pizza Libretto - Join the line with the rest of the neo pizza joints popping up everywhere like it's some kind of privilege to eat. ALERT! IT'S NOT. Maybe now everybody is pumped to have a go at your stuff but with choice readily available in the downtown core, I have chosen to spend my business lunch money elsewhere. (Yes visualize me taking my soccer ball and going home leaving all yall to twiddle your thumbs )
1_star Why? It's McDonald's with better decor and horrible crinkle cut French fries. And it's expensive for what it is. Staff are slow and seem bored with life. Go next door to thirsty lion. Better beer and best burger in town without all the hipsters and bored employees.
3_star We came to this Outback to have a bit of normal among the myriad of new foods we had in Vegas. We love Outback at home and so we thought we would go get food we know we love. This location doesn't have the same menu as others. We love the chicken artichoke flat bread and couldn't get it here. Not enough room to store all of the ingredients? Ok. I can understand that. Vegas is compact and I don't know what else they use artichokes for. However, what I don't understand is being told that they aren't offering the current Outback promo of Steak and Lobster for $14.99 but we can get a steak and add a lobster tail for a total of $35 instead. AND being told that other locations in Vegas and on the strip do offer the promotion doesn't help. So I'm not sure if this location is just cheap or what. Our waiter also had a bit of an attitude when we expressed our disappointment by the lack of our favorite offerings. He took about 20 mins to bring out our bread and we only saw him a few times during the meal. He was much happier serving other guests. On the plus side, the steak was excellent quality (which the waiter made sure we acknowledged) and I was "forced" to try a new side (Aussie Fries) that I did end up liking and may order again. I also very much enjoyed the baked potato soup.
1_star I should have checked the box before I got home. I ordered for pickup. I understand this is a pizza place but I paid over $10 for 5 burnt chicken fingers and 10 burnt fries. I LITERALLY counted 10 fries. How was that acceptable to serve on a plate as a cook and then as a cashier how could you let someone walk out with that? I was so hungry and too pissed to go back when I got home. Extremely disappointed with the sky pointe location.
3_star Two of us went here for our hot pot fix after nearby Liu Liu was full. We noticed several other patrons eating hot pot, so we thought we would give it a try. On the plus side, it's all you can eat, and they bring you a ton of food right off the bat. I can imagine language barrier could be a difficulty if you don't speak Chinese; luckily my rudimentary abilities let us communicate which ingredients we wanted, sparing us from having to eat our way through a plate of spam or offal out of guilt. The broths were serviceable, but lacking in flavour. Also there is only one type of dipping sauce, a sesame paste that must have some other ingredients added to it because it didn't taste like normal sesame paste that you get at a place like Little Sheep hot pot (the gold standard of hot pot as far as I'm concerned). Overall, this place satisfied our craving for hot pot, but we much prefer Little Sheep--too bad there isn't one downtown--and even making it yourself at home is better.
2_star Services is ok, buy need mucho helps. Very unorganized. Food is average.
2_star We were waiting for my dishes over 20 mins. Finally we cancel our French Toast because they didn't start to make after 20 mins! I just saw that all staff including chief were eating beside our table! We pay money to enjoy meal, why we need to wait too long! Food not bad but not good ( 2 pts). Service just ok (2.5 pts, only 1 waitress was ok )! Over all 2 pts!
3_star Okay, so my rating may say A-OK but that is only because I'm giving it an average rating of all of my combined experiences. Honestly, I haven't been to this BJ's location since my birthday 2 1/2 years ago, which was an absolutely horrific experience. This evening I decided to give it another go, since it's so close to home, well thankfully, this experience was like night and day, in comparison to 2 years ago. Vicki was my server; she was friendly, my order was correct, and has ensured I will return to this location sooner rather than later (but only if I get to sit in her service section.)
2_star Server was friendly and the food was not bad, but the long waiting time for drink was completely unacceptable, especially considering we were one of 3 tables there.
1_star If I could give a zero i would. Horrible food and service all around. They were also slow during this time. First we were told we couldn't be seated because the manager stepped out. Once we were seated it took 10 minutes to get chips and salsa. When they finally brought the chips and salsa we were ready to order. We never received our drinks and the food was brought out. We had to ask for our drinks which had been sitting at the bar. We ordered steak burritos and were brought shredded beef and it was not good at all. The burrito was cold.
3_star Went to the rock last weekend on Sat with kids and wife. My entire family is into food and all my kids eat sushi. 15,14 and 11. The kids all know thier way around a sushi menu. We had an event at the Q early and had a 5pm reservation which was not a problem since we were the first there. I could tell the waitress was "put out" when she saw the kids and it was reflected in her demeanor. She was not mean or inattentive just kind of stand off ish. We like to talk about the menu and the food and always ask what the staff likes. She wanted none of that chit chat and even failed to mention the special rolls they had until after it became quite apparent that this was probably going to be her biggest tab of the night. She opened up a bit when I ordered a bottle of wine and three aps. We had the Tuna Poke, Jalapeno yellowtail and White tuna sashimi. The poke was great tasting but drowned just a bit too much in the sauce. It is so good there is no need to have that much sauce in the martini glass it was served in. The jal tuna was supposed to be a signture bt was little more than thinly sliced tuna with thin sliced jals on it. The tuna was fresh and awsome with the nice spice of fresh jals on it but lacked in presentation. The sashimi was gobbled by my 11 year old but I did pry a piece from him. Kinda small portion but very good fish. For the meal we had the Geisha and cobra rolls with 1 20 oz ribeye and 8 oz filet. The rolls were the highlight. The cobra was something new for me and is now my favorite. Plenty of flavor here without lots of over the top seaweed tastes. Not sure what other reviewers ordered but these were very large rolls artfully done with fresh ingredients. The rolls would fill us so that most of the rest of the meal we brought home. Steaks were just slightly above average and way overpriced. Both could have benefited from seasoning. I blame myself for not sticking to fish in a sushi place DUH. Had the waitress not judged us and the steaks been a tad better this could have gone to a four star. Oh and the waitress could have gotten a double tip. (she still got taken care of though).
2_star Who is running this place? Wow it's gone downhill! Sad to see for such a great location on College. A big turn off is their dirty paper menu. This place used to have some class.
5_star I've been coming to Mustafa's for years. Staff, service, and the food keep getting better. The spicy beef pide was excellent, maybe ask for it to be a bit spicier for people who are able to handle a lot of spice. The ambiance is unique, and the prices are reasonable. Definitely worth a try.
2_star I really hoped I could give Fat Cats more than two stars, but unfortunately, it's not in the cards. PROS: Great, cozy atmosphere in a converted old house in a quiet corner of Tremont. Walking in, the vibe was great and the hostess and waitstaff were nothing but pleasant and attentive. Things started off well enough and I thought this could be a repeat visit type of place. However... CONS: The food. Ultimately, one still frequents a restaurant for its culinary output (one would assume, at least!), and Fat Cats kitchen offerings didn't complement what had been built up so far. The olive tapenade they bring out to go with bread, stingily given one slice at a time I might add, is tasty enough, but the bread itself is cold and had probably been baked quite a while earlier. I ordered the Ohio City burger and found it to be problematic. The beef was dry, along with the stale-tasting bun. Speaking of dry, what's with those pieces of pork belly thrown on top of the burger? I had hoped maybe they were made to order, but it was pretty obvious the kitchen must make a number of them when prepping earlier in the day and just ration them out from a container like they would pickles and other condiments. Way too chewy and not adding anything good flavor-wise. The blue cheese slaw tasted off, and the pickles were of the slightly sweet variety, which I can't get down with. Topping it off, the 'tomato jam' they serve with this is chunky enough that their pommes frites (aka shoestring potatoes) easily bend when you attempt to dip. I ended up having to pour the jam over the frites and use a fork, which didn't feel right, nor taste especially good. On the bright side, my wife enjoyed her goat cheese appetizer and house salad, which leads me to believe Fat Cats strength is maybe in a quiet evening nursing a cocktail and sharing an appetizer. Too bad, really, but there are still plenty of better options in the city.
4_star Came for lunch after a visit at the bio dome. Loved the general mao poutine. The place is very kids friendly and managed to find street parking on the side street.
4_star We've been regulars at the Apricot Tree for ages, for both dinner and dessert. The schnitzel is my favourite dish there, though sometimes I'll get one of the specials (usually when they have duck or veal). All of the desserts I've had there have been delicious, my favourite being the dobos torte. However since this is apparently a difficult dessert to make, it's unusual that they have it. Over the past year, this restaurant has lost most of their regular staff and has seemed to suffer from that. Now that those staff have been around for 6-8 months, they finally seem to be getting in to a groove and service isn't as slow as it was months ago. We've never had unfriendly service here, just slow at times. The portion sizes also seem to have decreased a bit. With the schnitzel, I have to ask for extra mushroom sauce because the small cup they serve isn't enough. That said, the price point at this restaurant is very fair. There is a patio to sit on, but it's right beside Dundas and can be a bit noisy at times, though it is nice to sit outside. I'm sure we'll continue to return to The Apricot Tree, though it would be nice to see different specials or menu items as it seems to always be the same. There is a schnitzel fest coming soon so I look forward to that.
5_star I honestly haven't experienced any rudeness at all. Not at any moment. We have been coming here for years. I much rather pick up the food, as the wait time is usually long. We enjoy it, it's always hot and tasty.
3_star I like Penny's Place. I believe it's a old school staple in Mint Hill and has been around forever. I'm sure it lives on it's regulars that come in for breakfast and lunch each day - some older men from around town. From the outside, it looks like it would be very darke, since there aren't really any windows, but it's well lit inside. They have old tin ads and signs posted all over the walls. Pretty quaint. The prices are dirt cheap - literally you can get breakfast or lunch for under $5, but the portions are small and the menu isn't very creative. If you don't want to spend much and have a few extra minutes to spare, this is a good alternative to fast food. I don't think I'd take my kids there, though I'm sure they'd enjoy the signs.
2_star My husband and I came here for a late dinner. We were greeted professionally and waited on with a smile. However, I was not impressed with the food at all. My mother-in-law enjoys this place for lunch and I think her taste is usually spot on, but dinner was disappointing. Dishes were more sweet than savory and were just average; nothing I would go back for. Also, considering there were only a few other tables in the restaurant at the time, our food was served warm and not hot, felt like it may have been "up" for a few minutes before served. I also not a big fan of the decor, felt a little too tropical vacation rental to me.
4_star I love the eclectic Asian inspired offerings, the atmosphere and the service. Vegas has a lot of competition but I find that I return to this place each time.
4_star In short, service was excellent. Chowder was good not great. I had the flounder and it was fresh and good. Portions were big, fries crisp and Cole slaw so so. I don't do hushpuppies but my wife said that they may be the best she ever had. So I tried one, ended up eating the 3 she left me. Dessert case looked amazing but who has room with portions like this. Wife had the tuna salad and enjoyed it. So, after all that food with 2 iced teas the bill was under 20 bucks. Can't beat that.
2_star Decided to try the new spot in the hood after a good workout. It was leg day, so naturally i was feeling like some Pho. I was sweating my crumbs off so I couldn't wait to get outta my car and into some A/C and eat some food. Turns out rice paper doesn't have A/C, i guess they can't afford it, its all good i've totes been there. However, they do offer some complimentary office fans, that they will gladly point in your direction free of charge (thankfully) to help cool you off from the heat outside. Very generous of them in my opinion, they hit that one out of the ball park. My bartender was a very stable, young man, probably in his early 30's and very confident. I first asked their permission to use the bathroom, they allowed, it was rather pleasant in there, almost a bit cooler then the dining area. I pondered for a short while if they would be upset if i asked to dine in the bathroom, seeing as the ambient temperature was a bit more tolerable than the dining area. I decided they might not want me to do that, so i never asked. The happy hour was pretty much a facade in my eyes, the big banner hung up outside is rather misleading in my opinion. The prices on everything are already so extreme, that the happy hour just appears to be normal pricing anywhere else you go. A $6 vodka soda isn't really anything a place should be bragging about for their happy hour. The food happy hour was even more insulting. Buttered noddles with a mint spring for only $9.5/7.5 on HH. Gee thanks rice paper. The pho price here is hands down, the highest I have seen in my 11 years on this earth. I asked the strapping young barman if the pho comes with a complimentary Iphone 7, he oddly enough told me, no it doesn't, it just includes the bowl of pho. I ordered the firecracker shrimp, tasted great, but it nearly cost my entire life savings. I guess I just can't afford this place as much as they can't afford an air conditioning unit. I'm hoping i win this weeks powerball, because then i certainly can say I will be back and i would love to order that pho. Thank you for the good service barman, you were a considerate man.
3_star We were there last Friday night with business clients. The service was very good, and the food was delicious. I'm giving them only 3 stars because they had a band playing inside the restaurant, and it was so noisy and loud that we had to yell to our guests in order to be heard. I asked the waiter to see if he could have the volume be turned down, but I don't think they turned it down. We were seated indoors by the patio, because it was hot to sit outside. After 2 hours, we moved to an outdoor table where we could hear other talk.
4_star I enjoy their sliders and my husband likes their stuffed burgers. A basket of fries is enough for two to share. We enjoy the fries with malt vinegar. The owners, Mr and Mrs C, are great hosts and often check-in to ensure that everything is okay. The food comes out quick. The only complaint is that the space is tight, the tables are a little close together and the chairs aren't comfortable.
5_star Great New Mexican food. Excellent menu choices. Friendly service. Home town atmosphere. Our server was Ken, was attentive and friendly, offered several menu recommendations. Was our first time eating here. Will definitely come back again.
2_star I was looking forward to coming here for quite a while as I've heard really good things about the food here. I got 3 chillies for my food, but it was disappointing... There wasn't much flavour and it was really, really loud. Hard to hold a conversation here.
3_star Bottom line is that it's still airport food. I had a chicken baguette and the bread came out tough and chewy as well as my pieces of weird looking chicken. The place has potential and I would probably enjoy a few drinks here but I don't think I could come back strictly for the food.
5_star First time here did AYCE sushi was good fresh and service was fast accurate we ate alot of apps and nigiris which is wat we usually eat in ayce sushi joints only anhalf a mile away from goyemon but no lines! We'll be back!
5_star I feel like I need some Lipitor after my visit to Dynomite Burgers...and that's a good thing! I went with the Chinato burger and was very happy with my choice. The mortadella was crispy and salty and complimented the rich, juicy, beefy flavor of the burger patty. The balsamic onions did their job perfectly by providing a nice touch of sweet and sour to prevent the burger from being over-rich. The tomato mayo was delicious too, although a good amount of it escaped onto my hands and the burger wrapper below. I must have went through a trees-worth of napkins. This burger was MESS-Y! The side of fries, while certainly not the best fries I've ever had, were crispy and had just the right amount of salt. No complaints there. In fact, I have no complaints at all. Although if there HAD to be any gripe it would be that it can be pretty chilly in the winter, standing outside waiting for your burger order to be completed, but that can be avoided by calling ahead. They even have an online ordering system. Overall, this is easily one of the best places for a burger in Cleveland.
1_star Let me start this off by saying that I have been a huge fan of Number One Pho for about 6 years now. I usually go to the one that's on W130th, but tonight I decided to try the downtown location. Although it's not the first time I have been to that one, this is the first time I have experienced something so terrible at a place I thought could do no wrong. Things started off rocky: the server seemed annoyed and didn't write down our order. I note this because I believe it to be the reason I didn't receive my appetizer and my boyfriend got something different from what he asked for. Strike one. Eventually, I got my main course. I always get the same kind of Pho, and it's usually amazing, but this time it was lukewarm and tasted off in a peculiar way I couldn't put my finger on. Strike two. I suppose these are indiscretions I can overlook. However, I have NEVER EVER had to fend off my food from so many insects while eating INDOORS!! I noted at least three different species of flies, roughly eight of each kind constantly landing on the table, knocking against my head, and hovering around my drink and soup. I had to keep pushing the thoughts of what condition the kitchen must be in if the dining room is like this out of my mind. Needless to say, we were robbed of our appetites. The food wasn't horrible, but what difference does the quality of the food make when it's covered in bugs? After the food arrived the server was no where to be seen, he never came to see if everything was all right or if we needed anything. When we had had enough I had to go hunt someone down and ask for the check. It was a really gross experience and I will never go there again. If I want Pho I'm going to Bac, which is where I would have gone if they had been open on Sundays. EPIC FAIL.
1_star Great atmosphere. Service sucks. Try getting a drink at the bar... it's a joke. No one seems to care either. So many other options in this town, and I've given this place way too many chances. Peace out
1_star First time there, my girlfriend and I sat at the bar. no welcome or is this your first time here? Ordered drinks and looked at the menu, no recommendations from him. You would think that as a new place only 2months old they would be more in your face of the house specials. He was too busy looking at he's phone then talking to us. Ordered the Carpaccio, bland and I felt like it was made earlier in the day, Stuck to the plate and had no flavor. Bartender was lame, tall guy, mid 30's to 40's couldn't care. Watch servers walk up to the wait station eating food asking for bev. to wash it down. Just bad!! I was told by all the few people that I asked about this place, all was bad ! I wanted to see for my self since the have a very good reputation. This place is not good,no atmosphere and really bad service!! Why wouldn't you tell your staff to ask if this is your first time here and to recommend something??? We didn't even get bread service? First and last time here!!
5_star This is one of my favorite restaurant in toronto !! I absolutely recommend this place for meal!!
3_star Service was good. Everyone was nice. However, towards the end of my meal when the store was slowly emptying, the owners start gossiping about other taiwanese restaurants. I thought quite unprofessional. Popcorn chicken was crunchy and fresh. Chicken was not dry and full of flavours. Pork thick noodle soup was okay. the soup base was sour and kind of bland. The pork stripes were interesting as it was covered in fish paste therefore extra soft and had different levels of texture. Satay pork thick soup with rice had a similar base as the noodles, the base again was sour. not enough satay flavours. overall, same feeling as the noodles. Big portions for a good price. So full after
2_star We went there with a voucher. We wait about 30 min to have a table ready for us. Every items we ordered was in the middle range. Notting special. I had better sushi in the other restaurants with better prices. Usually I never go to this class of restaurant. I just went because Of the promotion. I don't think I go to this restaurant again.
2_star Here's the thing about mix: The food was some of the best we've ever had. However, the management was hands down the worst experience I've had in Vegas, probably anywhere. We made reservations through the Mandalay Bay website, and were sent a confirmation a week in advance. When we arrived for dinner, we were told they "couldn't find" our reservation, and that the confirmation number we were sent was useless because they only searched them by name. (WHY HAVE ONE THEN??) I went upstairs to speak to the manager, and realized what had happened as we watched them turn others away. They had sold out the dining room, thereby negating all of our reservations, and then had the gall to tell us it was somehow our fault for not booking right, or that it was computer error. They finally relented to us staying, but only if we could be "out before the party arrived," effectively putting us on the clock at a hundred dollar a head restaurant. Unacceptable. That said, the Pepercorn Filet was the best I've ever had. Whomever is charged with steaks in this kitchen knows his stuff. Perfectly cooked, perfectly tender. My companion's Lobster curry was delicious as well. And our server, D, was lovely and gracious and accommodating. It's a shame that the fish rots from the head, because I would really like to give this place a better review.
2_star I know live in Vegas and always wanted to try pinks. It's nothing special. I'd rather buy a better tasting & more robust hotdog & a drink @ Costco for just $1.50 than spend $6-$7 for something less appealing @ pinks.
3_star I remember having brunch here a year ago and it was very good, but the dinner this time didn't please my palate. The wait on Sunday was ~45minutes at 530pm and it was a mile stretch line! I was hoping for more seafood selection--- the crab legs were great but Other dishes were just meh. Great dessert selections although I didn't try much. Dinner fare is $29.99.
2_star This location on Charleston has always been my go to place for soul food, I had always put them above other soul food restaurant that have come and gone over the years, BUT I went in 2 days ago to take my friend for a bday dinner, my grand daughter was also there, she was buying me dinner for mother's day, and dinner for herself as well, well we walked in almost empty, the waitress was either new or didn't know much about being a waitress, it was the worst food EVER, CHITTERLINGS still had trash, cabbage and greens no flavor, tasted watery, banana pudding was like mush with one black banana at the bottom, peach cobbler was so doughy and had a sour taste, I was and am so disappointed in M & M's at this point, don't when or if I will ever go back, that put a bad taste in my mouth, I would like to add that I had not been there for a while, because it is so far from where I live
2_star Mexican food it is not. While the food was entirely edible, it vaguely reminded me of the sad attempts at Mexican food my Polish mother tried making. Just because you have an Ortega seasoning packet and Tabasco sauce does not make your place Mexican.
3_star As a group of new Toronto recruits, we decided to try out Rebel House at the suggestion of one of my coworkers. An easy walk from the Rosedale subway stop, we went the evening of the Stanley Cup final, expecting the place to be packed, but managed to find comfortable high-top seating, and friendly service, amidst a fairly busy night. The Rebel House is a small pub, with a quaint upstairs section, where we sat. Several TV's aired the hockey game, and there was an eclectic mix of people, some older, into their 50's, but predominantly a mix of twenty and thirtysomething young professionals and students. The menu is varied, but small, although they offer a revolving door of several daily specials that seem to be based on season and availability, which is always a good bet. My dining partner decided to go with the daily special Mussels ($14), absolutely delicious in a white wine and garlic sauce, with toasted garlic bread. I ordered the Spicy Spinach Cheese Pennies ($10), small appetizer-sized cheese patties, with nary a spinach leaf in sight...nor were they spicey. No matter. These delightful little morsels were crispy on the outside, gooey on the inside, and came with a delectable tomato chutney and sour cream to top with. At our server's suggestions, I also ordered the Spinach and Apple Salad ($6), with cheddar cheese, toasted almonds, and a homemade maple dressing on the side. A wonderful combination. In fact, we liked the cheese pennies so much, we ordered another batch, only to find that that a repeat order isn't always as good the second time around. These pennies were so thick with grease, I found myself soaking up the oil slick with a napkin just to get them down. I think ordering a third time might have settled this dilemma for good, but for now I choose to remember the experience based on my initial encounter with the Spicy Spinach Cheese Pennies; delightful. My dining partner, an "adventurous" drinker himself, ordered a Labatt Blue, but it did come in the extra large bottle, which made him smile from ear to ear. I ordered the Henry of Pelham Pinot Noir to start, but must admit that it tasted watered down and a bit weak. Not to be discouraged, I tried the 2006 Cabernet Franc Special Reserve VQA after dinner, and was pleasantly surprised by one of the nicer glasses of wine I have had at a pub in some time. It had a heavy quality, with a nice vanilla finish. I would go back to Rebel House just to try this glass of wine again. Our server was friendly and talkative, and the prices at Rebel House are fairly reasonable. Wine was about $7-$8 a glass, and our meals were between $8-$12 for the appetizers, and up to $20 for an entrée. Except for the bad experience with the second order of cheese pennies, Rebel House is an excellent neighbourhood pub, serving up good food at good prices.
1_star When I went here a few days ago I didn't expect to go into a small restaurant that only had 3 tables for there guests and the rest has to sit in the bar. Not only that there is only one server to cater to all the customers that were dining in. We waited for about 30 mins to get our table hence I made a reservation for 8:30 and didn't get seated till 9 since she was too "busy" serving other customers. Not only that when we got seated we waited almost an hour for our food to come and we still haven't gotten served. We sat at the bar since there was no other tables available. We watched how they prepared the food and to be honest, I was sitting there for a good hour and I saw none of them wash there hands while serving the food. Not only that they had a plate of ribs sitting on the table not knowing which table it goes too and of course they give it to us while it's been just sitting there for a good 10 mins. We obviously refused to take the ribs and we touched it to see if it was warm and we told them to take it back. However, they took the ribs back and it's been already touched and they instead put it in the take out container and gave it to the person that ordered take out. That's disgusting!!!! This place has the worse service and it's not worth the wait what so ever...
2_star Came there sometime! Food portion small and taste just OK and also not using a meat !! Inside the restaurant, a lady too loudy and always make me uncomfortable !! Other waitress also just OK not really friendy!!
4_star 4.5 stars. This is one of my favorite places in Downtown Phoenix for happy hour. The food specials, particularly the seafood appetizers, and a great value. EVERYTHING is half off during happy hour (4-6PM). The seafood sampler, for example, is normally around $27 and can be had for half price. Most places with "half price" specials normally have stipulations that you can't order certain things. Kincaid's doesn't do this and it's one of the hidden gems around here in my opinion. As far as happy hour drinks go, they are something like $1 off for beers, and a cheaper price for certain drinks. The cranberry mojito is actually really good here too. Now, as far as the dining experience goes, it's almost overwhelmingly positive in my experience. Great food, pretty good service, and a nice upscale atmosphere. Bottom line: 5 stars for happy hour 4 stars for dinner (a little pricey) 4.5 overall
2_star Before I got here, I was told that I would be amazed by the quality of food from this establishment. The restaurant fell short of my expectations. We were promptly seated and we each ordered a beverage. I got the chocolate bubble tea, and it was pretty good. However, the food service is a bit slow. While we received our appetizer (sweet potato fries, very good by the way), the rest of the main dishes came late and not all together. In fact, I was done eating my meal a long ahead of time before my friend got hers. I ordered the Japanese curry with fried pork filet. First off, the dish was slightly cold, the breading not flavorful, lack of seasoning on the curry, but the pork cooked just right. I doubled checked the breading by sampling my friend's fried chicken, but it was the same lackluster quality. All in all, I think this place may be great on a snack level (bubble tea + appetizer), but don't raise your expectations too high for the main course.
5_star I went to Dozo because of the descriptions left on Yelp and I was not disapointed. We passed two other Japanese places on the way and when I pulled up and saw the building facade, I was worried that we had made a mistake. Then, we walked in and all was perfect. Good food, good sushi, great service. We celebrated a B-day and had the time of our lives!
4_star Fish and chips here are the best. As good and look the same as Yorke Fish and Chips on Laird Drive. If you want to dine in you have to go in the middle of the afternoon. There are only 3 tables. If you make the mistake of going at 6:30pm and think you can dine in like I did, another problem pops up. The owner, a very nice man, prioritizes the orders that have been phoned in. He actually gets panic stricken about it. He will let you sit there until it gets quiet. I waited 45 minutes for my one order. No problem, I'm retired and the food is really good. During the summer time you can get a takeout and eat in the park just to the east.
4_star Coming from Southern California, one would think that I would be tired of south-of-the-border cuisine as I visited Las Vegas. Perhaps Mexican food is in my comfort zone, but as I strolled through New York-New York around dinner time, Gonzalez Y Gonzalez sounded very appetizing. It's a small restaurant, with many tables outnumber the few booths. Our waitress was below average to everyone she was serving, though my party and I noted that the other waiters seemed more attentive. The bar served 48 oz frozen margaritas, which could be seen on many of the dining tables. It's also good to note that there is a wide selection of tequila and margaritas offered. Like many Mexican restaurants (at least in California), chips and salsa were presented as starters. The salsa was amazing, with the chips not lacking either. I ordered a chicken enchilada and chicken burrito two item combo, along with a mojito. The mojito was delicious; the drink was almost green from the mint. Both the enchilada and burrito did not disappoint, either. The chicken was moist and flavorful, and the sauces covering each item were delicious. The beans were tasty, but the rice was not good. It tasted like the microwavable kind. Overall, the food was very good, and well-priced. I was surprised to find it comparable to the great Mexican-American food chains found in California.
4_star We eat here al the time. Including tonight. The food is always delicious and very reasonably priced
3_star Modern, Western(?)-looking Chinese restaurant with dish prices in the teens. Overpriced considering the area. Service was OK. The usual efficient, not attentive Chinese restaurant service. Ate the house special noodles, which were stir fried with calamari, small pieces of bbq pork, veggies, and a slightly sweet brown sauce. Cooked well but the taste was nothing special. The braised beef with bok choy, on the other hand, was a different story. Tender beef chunks, dressed in a dark five-spice/ginger/soy gravy, had more meat than tendon/gristle--which is what we prefer. Very flavorful. Would've given this place two stars; beef pushed up the rating.
5_star The food was good as usual. The server was really kind to help me get rid of all of green onions because I forgot to let him know that I do not like it. The renovation of the interior was pretty good.
2_star Food is OK but way overpriced. "Hot" brisket sandwich was COLD. Chicken Parmesan sandwich was wrapped in tin foil. I had to pick foil out of the cheese. I won't be returning.
5_star I absolutely loved this place! It's a little bit awkward at first because they don't really seat you or tell you how their setup works, you just kind of go for it. The price is unreal! I called ahead to ask for pricing and I thought for sure I had misunderstood. The restaurant was clean, and you could tell it was family owned. Everyone was very kind and attentive, they knew that we hadn't eaten there before because they didn't recognize us. They brought us one of each of their deserts for free, such a sweet gesture. The food was really wonderful, I wish I had a bigger stomach. They have a great variety and a few things I hadn't heard of before, along with the staples that no good Indian restaurant can go without. The man who was refilling everyone's water was hilarious. Can't wait to go back!
2_star This was my first time to eat at Fazoli's...ever. I've heard amazing things, so I decided to give it a shot. I ordered the Lunch special with Fettuccini Alfredo & side salad. The noodles were a bit dried out but the sauce was super yummy. The side salad had quite a few issues; half of the lettuce was mushy/wilted and the red onion pieces were slimy and inedible. The breadsticks were most definitely the best part (rivals Olive Garden)! I'll try again, but will more than likely dine-in and not drive-thru.
5_star House beer & the porter are great beers, but try the flights great way to sample the different flavors. Yucatan taco was amazing the War carnitas has a great combo of flavors. Tacos are sold individually so if a couple sound good try one of each. Get the rice it's creamy, spicy & Amazing!! The staff is friendly & helpful. They are really knowledgeable about their menu & beers
2_star Not great. The green sauce was way too sweet. Some how we ended up with combos tho we nevwe asked for a drink. Perhaps it was because it was the nightly special meal. Nevertheless, portion size was decent but for bang (taste) for the buck, I'd stick with Chinos. Much better, authentic flavor...and my tummy would not be revolting. Might go back to try spicy, but don't see ourselves giving it a 3rd try. Been to Chinos over a 100 times. L9ve it every time. Cafe Rio is new to the fancy Frys..had to try it.
3_star The pizza is extraordinary; they are very generous with the toppings and especially the cheese. Order beer, don't order the wine. If you want to hang out to watch a game or shoot pool, do it in the afternoon or early evening.
4_star Have been eating at this restaurant many times. Cheap and cheerful beef noodle soup on a cold day and something quick. The only dish I did not enjoy was the Pad Thai, rather have it at a thai restaurant. Everything else on the menu are worth a try. During busy meal times, customer service can be slow.
3_star I tried this place when first relocating to the Melrose area and was satisfied with their pho. Their Pho is flavorful and spring rolls were great as well. It's not the best I've tried and I've taken a couple of people to this place and have agreed that It's good but not GREAT!
1_star AUGH! I'm used to Fukumimi's ramen, so this place was a real let down. I should have turned tail the moment we walked in - the two people with me agreed that it smelled like dirty diapers. Yes. It smelled like someone was trying to hide some sort of hideous diaper explosion that had just taken place. Cleaning chemicals barely mask the smell of fresh baby butt. I don't understand why.... or well, I didn't until our food came out and our ramen had the faint eau de diaper essence. Why? What are they using to flavor the ramen? I'm not sure if I really want to know. The only decent thing was the gyoza. Also, I don't normally leave reviews, but this place was so disappointing that I had to bust my phone out while in the middle of eating. At least the server was really nice!
3_star Let me start off by saying that I have always enjoyed the food that I have bought at Simply Greek. I have tried several sandwiches and gyros, wings, and love their baklava and rice pudding! I've never not had something tasty here. The employees have always been very friendly and gracious, and I have even received free samples of foods there from time to time, which was awesome. I do however have some issue with the response of the owner (Nick M.) to some of the reviews left here on Yelp, as well as his use of political/moral signage that is always out on the street front. I understand that it is his business and therefore he can post what he wishes on the sign, but sometimes it is at the expense of sounding offensive or overly political for what this place is...a family gyro joint. I have been put off by the signs several times myself, but the recent reactions of the owner to Kay K. (see the reviews below) are absolutely ridiculous, and it angered me and also made me sad. Not only did you call out a member of the community with incisive words and a very uncouth response, but you also admitted to making fun of the transgender community, or those who self-identify. Very uncool on all counts. Simply Greek, I enjoy your food a lot, and my family and friends eat there frequently. I am not trying to throw you completely under the bus, as I think this is a tasty and worht-it establishment. But perhaps reconsider the message you are sending out into the community, and how a couple of chuckles at your signage may be at the expense of people's feelings and also at the expense of potential customers. I am very displeased with your response to customers' legitimate opinions and concerns, and that plus the bigotry of your signage makes me question continuing to support your business. Keep in mind, your food isn't all that matters in regards to people's decision to eat at your restaurant.
2_star Waited for over 10 minutes to get our order taken (should have walked out then) then waited an additional 10 minutes to get our order. The breakfast sandwich was microwaved and the latte could be found anywhere else in the valley.
1_star I go to Green Valley right next to here and there are some extremely busy students, myself included, who have a short amount of time to grab a bite to eat before we have to get back to school. This is the only "affordable" place thats less than five minutes away, walking. Yes, it gets extremely busy after school and its understandable as to why the people who work there get to stressed out. Yet, they have no reason whatsoever to be as rude as they are. If you start to order without their consent, they get mad at you. If you're being a teenager talking with friends over some ice cream, they get mad at you. They are extremely rude. The only reason why I keep going is because I dont have the stomach to go until eight, sometimes nine at night with nothing to eat since lunch. Also, students are not permitted to use the restroom with out a parents permission. Oops. I have to go to the bathroom but they do not trust me. Too bad. I do not recommend it to anyone.
5_star All aspects of the experience exuded high quality and care. The food, service and atmosphere were unique, thoughtful and added to the great dinner I had. Great addition to Madison!
4_star YES! I finally dined at Nobu, considering it was Iron Chef, Masaharu Morimoto's restaurants when he won the challenge. Ok, this is not the original restaurant where he worked (that is in NYC) but this is a branch of it. According to Wikipedia, he left Nobu in 1999, eventually opening his own Morimoto restaurant in Philadelphia in 2001. So I will eventually eat at Morimoto. Nobu was a good experience, although as other yelpers pointed out, why was this in Hard Rock Cafe (seemed kinda out of place) and the kitchy Hawaiian decor, the decor lost one star in my books. The miso cod was heavenly and so was the tuna tartare with caviar. The roll we had was good as well. Pricey but definitely quality sushi.
2_star Everyone makes mistakes, but Del Frisco falls short on the 2nd chance. Not what I expected from Del Frisco. Their service is amateur. Their management is all talk and no action. If you're dining alone, it may be ok, but if you have a large group and/or a special occasion, I suggest you go to somewhere else if you're spending this kind of money.
4_star This place is really cute. The atmosphere was really cozy and had records and old framed photos everywhere. It's really dark inside though. I went there for dinner with my friend, his mom, and sister. We're seated almost immediately and greeted by what I think was the busboy? One thing I thought was strange was that the waiter touched our table a total of maybe two or three times? The busboy or back up waiter consistently came over to check our table to see how we were doing. When we sat down white and red wine was dropped off.. Bottomless wine? Why not? But it's obviously not the best stuff. I barely touched it. The menus are posted on the wall, and at first glance I thought the prices were a bit high.. Then when the good came the portions were MASSIVE. The food was just okay, nothing outstanding. For the price you're getting a soup or salad an entree and a dessert drink and bottomless wine while you dine. I guess it's not so bad.
5_star Fantastic sandwiches for lunch--Tuna was the best. Fried and sauce are incredible too. Get the mint tea!
4_star Went to the Hamptons for a brunch date last weekend. We were seated immediately by a friendly hostess and had a waiter at our table for drinks within two minutes. The service was prompt and friendly throughout the meal, but we switched waiters before even ordering food. It was a little odd to have a new waiter come to our table and help us while our previous one stood around and waited on a single table, and it seemed like there might have been too much staff on shift. Their endless mimosas or bloody Mary's are a good deal at less than or right around $20. They're not super special or different than any other mimosa, but they did offer a flavor variant if you wanted. I've got to say, my waiter was QUICK on the refills... as in, he'd bring me one before I was done. Not a bad thing! For food, I got the chicken biscuit. It tasted good but I felt like I needed to scarf it down before the gravy soaked everything and made my meal mush. My date got the short rib sandwich, which was delicious but a bit messy. Portions were great and it didn't take long to arrive. I would definitely return for dinner or even another brunch. The venue is lovely and upscale but trendy and the staff was all friendly. I personally think they could be better organized, as the staff seemed continuously confused over who had what table, but overall I'd recommend trying it.
2_star Good concept, way over priced for a very limited small menu. I was hoping we'd find a new it place to go but this place is just mehhhhh. We'd still drive all way to Easy Life or Sp Mtn.
5_star Such an amazing authentic Mexican restaurant! Serving tacos, menudo, and primarily goat served with homemade corn tortillas. Fast service, clean environment, with great, fresh food! We will definitely be returning and passing along the word of Hola Cabrito!
4_star Went with my girlfriend for dinner and it was perfect, got the oyster, mix sashimi, beef ribs and drinks. Food came at a reasonable time, sashimi was kinda fresh and oysters were amazing. Service was great but always make a reservation. Would recommend and go again. 1 star off because not enough skewer menu and tables are kinda close to each other with no barriers. Not a big deal.
4_star Great place for happy hour food. The tapas are so insanely cheap that you can order a bunch and put together a nice little meal. I'm not much of a drinker so can't speak to the booze values.
4_star Probably their busiest location. Quality food, but the portion sizes at their original location always seem to be bigger! Stay clear of the one in fashion square mall. Quality just isn't the same. Guess that is to be expected though...
3_star I would simply say this was an average Mexican restaurant. I had the carnitas street tacos and they were delicious but the meal didn't blow my mind. The service was top-notch, my waiter was attentive, friendly and checked on me frequently.
3_star My husband and I enjoy dining at fine restaurants. Having read the reviews for this place we decided to try it. We came for lunch and had such a wonderful experience. Food was not bad, but the lunch service was impeccable. I was most impress with the professionalism of the lunch staff. We had checked in with the maître'd and shortly after, a couple with a service dog checked-in. There was a short wait, but I thought it was very courteous of the maître'd to inform us that she was going to seat the couple with the service dog before us because of the special accommodation she had to provide. As a waiting customer, the notification was delightful. We were sat by the window and were provided an exceptional service by Jason. After experiencing this, my husband and I decided to book for dinner. Unfortunately, I cannot praise the evening staff the same. The maître'd was rude along with the girls that surrounded her. The food and service was just mediocre. The view was impressive, but I will not fight a crowd to have dinner at this restaurant again. I recommend and will only return to have lunch at this restaurant.
3_star I went to Tomo with a very large group (around 18 folks, we had a reservation). Things didn't start out so good...the manager wanted all of us to pay cash because he didn't want to split the checks! After we explained that none of us had brought cash (seriously, who pays with cash anymore?) he left for a bit, and then came back and said we could split the check. So, I believe they were just being lazy, since they ended up splitting the check anyway. If they had wanted us to pay with cash, they should have informed us when we made the reservations! Poor management. Overall the serves did a good job though after this incident. Moving along to the food. The green tea was unlike other green tea that I have had. It had a nutty taste to it that I didn't care for. Perhaps that is more authentic? I don't know, but it wasn't what I was expecting, and didn't drink it. The miso soup was excellent and brought out fairly quickly. Hubby and I shared the gyoza and the spider sushi. The gyoza was crunchy, but not too crunchy, and came in a boat. Nice presentation. The sushi was good too. Nothing out of this world, but good. Another person with us had a noodle dish that looked great. It had scallops, mussels, and shrimp. I didn't try it though, so can't say for sure. And the hot sake was great. Always good to have hot sake with my sushi. And to finish it all off...the green tea ice cream. Now this was delicious, and my favorite part of the evening! Nice and creamy, not overly sweet, but just sweet enough. Bottom line: Don't go with large groups unless you have cash, sushi is ok, but the green tea ice cream is worth the trip.
1_star Poor food quality high price and try to scam us by charging our credit card and also charged our room as well. This is not professional just because people are standing in long lines to get in doesn't mean the food or service is great. Stay away and give others buffets a chance rather than spending money on this.
4_star A weekend favorite between my girls and I ~ have a mango martini and their Vesuvious chocolate cake. A girl can indulge after an hour long of cardio workouts. XD
4_star This place has it all: a huge menu that's perfectly executed, loads of vegetarian/vegan options (yet plenty to keep the meat-eaters happy), local and organic options, and quick service... and all the while they keep the prices appropriately cheap for a diner. I've found everything there to be tasty, and the place is always clean. Their Heathen Vegan Shoplifter's Delight sandwich is possibly the best thing I've ever tasted. The only downside is that I'm always too full to try one of their great looking desserts!
5_star Amazing quality of fish for Poke without having to fly to Hawaii. Thanks Cindy for your hospitality! We will definitely be going back.
1_star I used to love this place but then I had some 2 bad experiences. The first time I got a take out and when I got home I (about 15 min later) I opened the food box and my bread was wet. When I say wet I mean wet like soaked- ughhh. Since I had great experience in the past, I went again and this time I got food poisoning and spend the whole day in the bathroom-double ughh. I must say one great thing about them is their juices and coffees I would stay away from their food though.
1_star Eeew! This place is horrible. I am shocked to see so many positive reviews. I feel like it's the brain child of a guy who decided to open a beach-themed eatery without considering the decor, the food, or the service. Understaffed and uninspired. Located in a strip mall off Jones and the decor inside is bland, at best. Tables are tiny, the chairs wobble, the whole place feels super cheesy. The service is the slowest I have ever experienced in my life, and possibly the least friendly. The menu is very plain- just the usual egg dishes, nothing made from scratch or in house. With so many great breakfast places in town, I am not sure why anyone would chose to eat here. It is no cheaper than anywhere else and is nowhere near as good as Egg Works, Baby Stacks, Crepe Expectations, etc. I like to support local businesses but this place blows. Skip it, or you'll wish you had.
3_star I went here yesterday for dinner. Had a turkey burger with pepperjack cheese, tomatoes and lettuce with a side of sweet potato fries and a small lemonade. The food was very good---fresh tasting and made to order. However, the bill was $15.00. Kinda pricey for a hamburger and fries. I will probably go back, but not too soon, based on the price.
2_star The smell will punch your nostrils right away, the moment you step inside. The smell of their washroom is literally better. Their noodles are on the mediocre side. The service was okay. Will not go again. Sorry.
2_star The only thing this place has going for it is that it's cheap. Service is usually show towards me because I'm a metal head in a restaurant that usually caters to business people and "Becky with the good hair" types. It's a good place for a cheap eat so I'd appreciate it if the staff stepped up their game a little bit.
1_star What a ripoff.... Almost $14 for a 8 inch sandwich stuffed with meat in a 2 inch wide roll. Stale at that. Can't even hold the sandwich. Better off going to Ferucci's Italian market up the road. Also noted when there they had Pannetone bread for $13. The same exact bread was sold at Costco's over the holiday for $7. Prices are ridiculous for best case average offerings. I for one will never shop at Derado's again.
3_star This is the new location the 1st location is in Markham, so decided to try this place out after seeing it from Blog TO if you do plan to go here either taxi or uber it as parking is pretty hard to find because it's right on Bloor st with limited parking spots available near by. I called to try and make a reservation but they do not take reservations only walk ins, there was a long line up to the door we waited about 30-40 mins to get a table. The menu has a variety of meats from seafood: shrimp,squid,chicken,pork & beef they also have bibimbap. Everything is ordered by pieces the pork & beef are sliced very thin which I didn't like. We all liked the marinated Kalbi beef tasted really good & the peppered beef were thick strips & tasted good actually Sides include lettuce,kimchi,mushrooms,cold noodles,bibimbap,brocolli,cold noodles there might have been more Bibimbap was ok small portion rice with seaweed,sauce and a sunny side up egg For the meat options definitely order more if you have a big group because the size of the cuts won't fill you up unless you eat bibimbap with it Dessert menu had only 2 items creme brûlée or melona bars ordered one of each, creme brûlée was good crunchy top shell and creamy & melona bar is only ONE per person Everything came fast even though the restaurant was full. Currently the beer size options aren't available on the menu so they only have Sapporo cans we ordered 2 mojitos lychee & the yuzu mojito which were really good After eating here I can still see why other non AYCE Japanese bbq is still better because of the beef quality,portion size and freshness so in conclusion if you don't want to pay per order at other Jap bbq places this is the place to go with all you can eat & a la carte menu
5_star I was at a Phoenix Fire Department event and tried the burger dinner...I bought 6 dinners of various selection for my family and everyone was very pleased with their meal! There was a line, but moved VERY quickly and efficiently!! The food was absolutely delicious, and would recommend any burger lover to try it!! Even the fries were good!! My 5 year old grandson ate his whole burger(and bun) he left a few fries (he is a good eater). Later that night we ask him if he wanted a treat before bed and he said no I'm full of burger! The following day I realized I misplaced my credit card. I reached out to Kyle and received an immediate response they had not located any lost card. He even checked with additional staff and gave me a follow up email ... I later realized I put it in my coat pocket. I was so excited to dig into my juicy hot black and blue burger which was absolutely delicious I misplaced my credit card. I am always glad to find a conscientious business...the service didn't stop because the meal was over--they seemed truly happy to help me verify I did not leave my card! I will definitely eat with them again!! Great experience!!
4_star So I went back to and tried the chicken line sandwich with fries. The chicken was moist and thoroughly cooked. The fries were good and tried a sample grape macaroon. I definitely want to try one of the chocolate mousse.
2_star Great service. Overpriced food. We went here for dinner while in Vegas. I had the cioppino and my girlfriend had the New Zealand filet mignon. The sides are a la carte but they are huge, enough for 4 people. However, the entree portions are not big at all. My cioppino was overpriced for the portion size, and you don't get salads included. The wine prices were also very high. In all, the service was great but the food does not justify the price in my opinion. Eat here only if you have a coupon or discount and it would probably be worth it.
4_star My daughter and I walked in and were seated right away. The server came by immediately and got our drink orders and we ordered our food quickly. It wasn't real busy but the food took a bit longer than I think it should have. Not "This is bullshit, I want to talk to the manger" slow, just "Hmmm. I'm hungry" slow. The food came and the portions were bigger than expected. The peppered bacon is amazing. Thick, not fatty, just perfect. All of the food was hot and on par with what I would expect. Nothing earth shattering but pretty good. The servers are attentive and checkout was a breeze. We'll be back. Two of us ate for $16.19 and left food on our plates because we were full.
3_star I have been going to Bobby's for 15 years. Food has always been consistent. Although on weekends there is an expected wait and sometimes it's very long, the service is always subpar. Long waits for someone to take your order, for food, for the bill, for change! I refuse to go on weekends! I did go today (tues) at 1030am. No wait for a table and the food came out surprisingly fast. The service was again very frustrating. Time to switch out the ladies that are obviously tired and worn out. Good food. Terrible service.
5_star Consistent all the day leave your pretensions at your car or don't come in cause ain't nobody got time for dat here. Grab a WV style Slaw Dog. Late night breakfast good and cheap and always a friendly crowd. Neighborhood hangout and others treated just the same it's that kinda place
1_star The food here is pretty good. But, the customer service is probably the worst I have encountered in Calgary. First off, make sure you have 2-3 hours for your meal. Second, don't expect any answers for where the menus are, how much longer your meal will take etc. The only response is "it's on it's way" 30 min later, there are your menus. Chennai Spice is a 2 min drive away and has superior prices, food and customer service. Don't waste your time at Marina Dosa.
1_star I was very excited to try this place while I was on a job on this side of town since I am gluten and dairy free. They advertised many gluten free, dairy-free/vegan options which is great. There are so many gluten free options lining the counter I didn't even think to check if they had non-gluten free options. I didn't think that I needed to question the ingredients at a place like this. I was wrong. I ordered the special which seemed safe (vegan sausage, gravy, mashed potatoes and veggies). It came out with homemade bread which looked like it was made with regular flour and I realized not everything may be gluten free. I asked the hostess if the bread was gluten free. It wasn't so I said no problem I just won't eat it. Then she processed to tell me that the gravy has gluten (which I already had a bite of). I was frustrated but she offered to let me look at the menu to see if there is anything else I want. Then came out a minute late to tell me that I would have to pay for a new meal since I did not specify my food allergy before ordering. I politely said I would just leave then. It is unbelievably frustrating to feel like I was at a "safe" restaurant only for it not to be. And to state that they are vegan, vegetarian and gluten-free friendly and not help cater to those with allergies. I am now out $17 (not cheap!) and still need to find somewhere to eat lunch while now sick from gluten. I would expect this terrible level of hospitality at a non-allergy friendly place but not from a place that advertises to those with food restrictions.
2_star Pranksters Too, where to begin. Been attending with friends for 20 years. Last Saturday noticed the bar was warm and there where portable swamp coolers with what was suppose to be A/C. You can't mix the two defeats the whole issue of cooling. After two pitchers of beer ordered a pizza and was told the pizza oven was broken. Two weeks before they where out of Pizza dough at 7 pm. Always some sort of excuse for the owners who make no attempt to fix anything, lets see if the Health department can't make that happen. I was glad to see the Volleyball courts where going in 115 degrees. Ordered sliders which where usually awesome, This time they had freezer burn taste and not cooked through. The draft beer could definitely stand to be colder 34 degrees is acceptable in AZ. Servers are always great think perhaps it is a Management ownership lack of concern that the health department being on there tail end might teach them to give a damn. Henry Becker
4_star Dupar's is all about the pancakes- go here for them, they're incredible. Fluffy, drizzled with butter, & served up 24/7! Solid breakfast here... bruleed oatmeal w/ fresh fruit, & eggs florentine among my favs. They also have a great tuna melt, split pea soup, carved turkey sandwiches, pies, etc. This is my go-to spot after a late night downtown, and for breakfast when I'm willing to make the trek down to Freemont. Everyone I've taken here loves this place- they have an expansive menu and those pancakes are the absolute bomb!! Best in Vegas, maybe even the best ever...
4_star the slider trio was excellent the slaw on the sliders is a nice compliment, I would recommend the brisket slider it tastes the best out of the chix and pork, the chipotle bbq sauce is bomb as well
3_star My plans needed to change. Wanted a steak for my birthday, but dinner plans took me to a show instead. That left lunch, and the elusive birthday steak... Read the menu at this cafe in the Paris Hotel, and it looked good. Ordered the Steak Frites, a nice flat steak with french fries, a bearnaise and a bordelaise sauce accompaniment. Also ordered a mixed green salad.... The service was good, attentive, and efficient. The bread came rather late, with nearly frozen butter, but worked around that faux pas. The salad was really good. The steak was on the tougher side, but cooked to perfection. It looked like a top sirloin, but semi-sliced before cooking to give it a pattern on top. It was okay, but not what I'd hoped for. The sauces it came with were weak and flavorless. Had to salt and pepper both of them just to get some taste on the steak. The bearnaise sauce was the weakest, and not the classical version. The bordelaise needed the salt the most, but was closest to what you'd expect in a classic French reduction sauce, but tasted jarred, or mass produced...not from the pan my steak was made in. Overall, the experience was okay, nothing to write home about. And with so many other Vegas options, can't see myself ever returning. I would recommend this place only if hungry, and currently at the Paris Hotel, and you don't mind the casino right there as you eat. Not worth a special trip for.
2_star Decided to try this place after seeing a review on BlogTO. Went on a Sunday morning, the place is extremely small but there was 2 tables available. I ordered a cappuccino while my friend and I looked at the menu. The menu is quite small. There was not a single thing on the menu that my friend and I liked. We are not typically picky eaters. I enjoy omelettes and she enjoys eggs with bacon. This place only serves peameal bacon. I considered getting the French toast but it has bananas all over it and I strongly dislike bananas. So we decided that I would drink the cappuccino and we would leave! They definitely need to add some basic items to their menu. Not everyone enjoys the "foodie" type food! There is one cook and one server so service is quite slow. I wouldn't say don't go, but look up the menu before you go to make sure you like something on it!
3_star I only oder two things here: Mango Sago dessert and black sesame. I us I'll like take out since it can get busy on the weekend. Plus they have the hard chinese chairs and tables that makes mc Donalds seats feel nice and comfortable. The other reviews are right. Recently I notice a drop in quality in the sago dish. But most of the time it still taste amazing
2_star Alright, we are not hard to please. The service was way below average. Little things like forgetting water a couple of times, unfriendly interactions, etc. Had a hair in my tomato and burrata salad. Not a big deal just figured they would give me a new, hairless one... Nope the guy pondered at the table for a couple seconds debating if the hair was there or not. After deciding he took the salad back to the kitchen and came back with... An apology? Not a new one?? He asked if I wanted a different salad but if not a complementary dessert would be provided. Nice gesture.... Yeah except I already asked for dessert for my boyfriends birthday with a candle and writing on the plate when I made the reservation...that was forgotten too... The two stars are for the bone-in ribeye and the onion soup. Really bummed we spent a pretty penny and it left more to be desired. Took a doggy bag home for the ribeye and the only thing left in the box was the bone? Not coming back.
5_star Service was great. Even though we showed up at noon and the breakfast service was done, when we asked, the server said they would still make stuff from the breakfast menu. The eggs florentine and the french toast were both great and reasonably priced (~$15 each) . The frangria was excellent. Would definitely come back for breakfast.
2_star First the good: nice atmosphere and reasonably tasty sushi. The valentine roll was clever, the salmon nigiri was tasty, and the mackerel nigiri was quite good (not as pickled as some places - nice change up). The quality of the other fish was fine; I wish they used the crab/mayo mix in the rainbow roll, instead of just stuffing krab stick in there. Ok. Now to the rest. Short version: My boyfriend never got his meal. Long version: The boy and I started our quest for a new sushi/japanese joint last night and good Yelp reviews, I Sushi was first on our list to try. We arrived, were promptly seated at a normal table and after exploring the menu we ordered: vegetable tempura as an appetizer, I got some rolls & nigiri, and the boy ordered teppan chicken, which came with soup & salad. The boy thought teppan chicken was just a new style or sauce, not realizing it was chicken cooked on the teppan tables (of which there were 10 or so). His bad for ordering it BUT... the waitress didn't say anything like "Oh, that's not something you can order here" or even "Just so you know, that's cooked on the teppan tables so there will be a wait for your food." Nothing. Just 'Ok'. We get our tempura. It's fine. The batter was nice & light, but the veggies lacked flavor. The exception was the onion. That was really good. One of my rolls comes out. Then the other. Then the nigiri. The boy still hasn't even gotten his soup or salad. But, we're patient so, when the waitress comes by the first time and asks if everything is OK, we say "Sure." The 2nd time she comes by we ask if his meal is ever coming out. She looks startled, says "Oh, yes." and heads back to the kitchen. The third time she comes by (I'm now halfway through my sushi), we ask again if he's ever getting his food. She, again, looks startled and goes back to the kitchen. The hostess comes by to ask how things are so we tell her we're still waiting on his meal, too. She doesn't know how to handle this, looks uncomfortable while apologizing a number of times before heading to the hostess stand. (I.e. does nothing.) The boy, meanwhile, is facing the kitchen and says there is a lot of activity and that people keep poking their faces out the door looking at him. I predict that it's not long before they come out ask us just what it was you ordered again. A short while later... a plate of tempura vegetables comes out. We send it back and the waitress comes out: what did you order again? The boy reminds her. Again her reply is "ok". A chef comes out and explains that what the boy ordered wasn't kitchen food, it has to be cooked on the teppan table and he'll do it... he'll cook it up and serve it to us. (Oh, you're too kind - why didn't the waitress tell us of the problem at the outset!?) We try to tell him to not bother, but he doesn't seem to understand so I just say 'that'll be fine' and he goes off to prepare. The people at the table where they're going to cook the boy's meal get salads. The boy doesn't get anything. More time passes... probably 10 minutes. Nothing. Still no soup, no salad & nothing resembling "oh crud, we need to get this guy his food and make this right" activity. I'm now done with my food. We flag the waitress down and ask her to just remove his order & bring a box for my leftovers. We're done. She does. Now - intrepid reader who has made it this far - if you were in a restaurant that had so thoroughly botched your night, you'd expect them to do a little something to make it right, no? Take of the appetizer, maybe? Or perhaps the drinks ($3 for an iced tea, BTW?!)? Nope. Nothing. We pay and walk out to a chorus of "thank yous" from the waitress who failed to place our order, the chef who failed to cook it, and the hostess who did nothing to make our situation right. Not an ounce of recognition from any of them that they had royally screwed up. And no. They weren't busy. There were several open tables, open teppan tables, and open sushi bar seats. They were just incompetent. I might go back for cheap sushi some night after work (since I work at the giant corporation just down the road from them), but not for a meal. What'd the boy do for food? We went to Culver's. They actually deliver the food their customers order.
4_star Went on a Sunday, around noon, and the lineup was crazy. Thankfully, I was planning to order takeout. It only took 10 minutes at most. The hardest part was figuring my way around the line to get to the cash register to place my order. The Vegan 2.0 and the #24 are both delicious vegan options.
1_star Chips, salsa, and beer were about all that was good at this restaurant. It was my first time here with my husband and I was pleasantly surprised by how much I enjoyed the chips and salsa it gave me high hopes for the rest of the meal. We got our chili con queso and the cheese was grainy and way too thick. Then I got my carintas tacos with rice and beans. The beans seriously lacked salt and the rice tasted old and crispy. The tacos were the worst of all. The meat was harder than beef jerk and soggy in the rest of it. I am sadly disappointed and will not be returning.
2_star like a previous post, i was told i couldn't have curry vegetables, because it would take too long. i was wanting something vegan, without onions. so, what i ended up with, was... a little bowl of chickpeas in a really, really salty sauce. for which i paid about $10.00. the food aside... the restaurant is very pretty.
3_star Came for winterlicious yesterday despite the snow warning. From the first look the outside made the restaurant look small but after walking inside is when it opens up. Decor and ambiance are very sexy and intimate with the dim lighting and even the guitarist even though he played more pop songs and Beatles. Food wise it was decent. Nothing really blew me or my friend's mind but at the same time it wasnt bad. I ordered the beef carpaccio which could have used more flavour. The short rib agnolotti had a bit too much oil on it in my opinion but the beef was seasoned nicely. For dessert, the pear was good but they gave me a fork and spoon to cut into it. I personally don't like making sounds of my spoon or fork hitting the plate when using them to cut the pear. The waiters were very friendly and helpful as they would frequently come over just to make sure everything was okay and to refill our water glasses. Complimentary coat check as well.
1_star Good points: Nice server, good wine, great location. Bad points: Food. Food. Food. First problem: The menu had very little to choose from. The same ingredients that make up a particular pizza can also be found in salad or entree form. Here's the rest of the play-by-play: Bread and oil - The bread was pretty good, home-made and salty. Appetizers: 1)Proscuitto wrapped mushrooms stuffed with risotto - Decent. Nothing to write home about. Clever idea but the sauce and filling were bland. 2) Baked brie and jam wrapped in pastry: I'm a good home cook, not great. However, this is a dish that I've made at home and it turned out much better. The brie was either under-heated or just poor quality, because it was not as melted as any of us expected. Also, this dish was surprisingly salty. Entrees: 1) Cheese pizza: just like Domino's makes it. But more salt. 2) Chorizo and manchego risotto: Chorizo was fine, risotto was chunky. 3) Shrimp linguine: Again, good idea, just needs alot of work. 4) Mushroom and spinach risotto: Worst part of the meal. I will never go back because of this. The risotto was chewy and mushy, the spinach was all but raw, and it was topped with, you guessed it, lots of salt. I ate a few bites because I was hungry, but couldn't bring my self to try to get full on it. The server claims they make the risotto with "a cream base, which is why alot of people don't like it." The next thing I will want to say is that the "white wine" list included Rosso Dolce. If you're thinking to yourself "Rosso sounds like red," you're right! I ordered it off the white list and was surprised when I was given a glass filled with deep red. It was wonderful, and the sweetest red I've ever had, but when we brought this to the servers attention she said it was on the wrong list because it was sweet. She also struggled to answer the question "Is the zin red or white?" As I said the service was very friendly, and the chef graciously accomodated a request (one which wasn't on the menu) for a member in our party. The place has great potential, but they really need to work to reach it.
2_star The hubby and I stopped here during a quick-but-epic 4-day Vegas run. Despite being an open-air setup, the outdoor area was perplexingly stifling. Tables were crammed together uncomfortably, and there was very little air movement. The tabletop was sticky, which I attribute to the tacky finish rather than uncleanliness....but I could be wrong. More importantly, though, anyone who is in Vegas on a budget (and we DO exist) should not step foot in this place. Overpriced-but-average bar food and drinks are not my thing! Our margaritas were $15 a pop, but not overly large, strong....or good. At that price, that drink should give me a back rub, or at least a kiss! In short, SKIP IT.
2_star $6 for a dry sandwich. The chicken was moist and a decent amount but bland - it it needed salt and pepper. Bad communication too. I asked for a salad and sandwich for takeout. And just got the sandwich.
3_star I think they make one of the best burgers in Vegas. Great, relaxing atmosphere although perhaps a little too dark. My only problem is that after signing up and giving them my e-mail so I could receive promotions, I have never received anything! Not one. I think bar owners need to realize that we have so many choices. There's a bar on every corner in this town. Give me a reason to choose your bar over another. After that give me a reason to keep coming back!
4_star Great bbq just outside the city. Great atmosphere but they have very limited table seating and parties of 5 or more can only sit at the high top tables. (at least that's what we were told) I've dined at countless bbq restaurants and have made great bbq for 15 years and every place is different. I will tell you this about Midwood: it is true SMOKEY bbq. If you like your bbq on the sweeter side and not as smokey, this place is NOT for you. Personally, I appreciate most styles and tend to make my own this same way so I found it pretty tasty. The Cuban sandwich was great also as were the sides.
2_star hummm -- where do i start? It was my daughter's birthday and we wanted to go somewhere new. As with many of these reviews, the Roaring Fork connection drew us in. We get there and are promptly seated - very nice. Our server (#3036) asks to take our drink order. My daughter orders the Cactus Mojito and gets carded (perfectly acceptable - she is 23). I comment 'GREAT, now you can validate that today is her birthday!' He checks her ID and hands it back to her - almost snubbed her. WHA? So he takes my son-in-laws order - Heart of Stone Marg and is blaze' on the whole thing, then gets to me and is extremely pleasant. I ordered wine, started with the Hullabaloo Zin very nice. What I found almost rude / offensive was the lack of interest he showed with everyone but me! That was completely strange!!! I will say, I expected him to - at minimum - tell my daughter happy birthday! Ok - we chatter about it and decide server #3036 is just being different. We will happily move on ... Time to order our meal - I have a few questions which were addressed very politely and enthusiastically. My daughter asked a question and was treated as if 'everyone should know that' ....what is going on here?? My son-in-law asks about his preferred dish and he too was treated foolishly. Hummmm ....I wondered if the kindness was directed to where the wallet is?? That was the only thing I could figure out ...server #3036 was only kind to the person paying?? seriously??? hummmm The birthday girl got the Filet Mignon - it was cooked perfectly - the side of mashed potatoes were 'fine'. son-in-law got the Giant Prawn and was content with it ...he could have used a bit more food on his plate (luckily we ordered a side of Green Chili Mac - very good!). My order was the Corn flaked Halibut - very very delish!! If I was a judge on the food network channel, I would have commented that the fish was slightly over cooked - but since I'm not a tv judge - I'm refraining from the comment! : ) *warning - they serve 'black quinoa' as a side with the halibut -- its really a kinda creepy grain ...tried it and did NOT like it' * I did ask #3036 to recommend a white wine with my dish - he was a bit befuddled (i don't think we use that word enough!) and eventually came up with 'Pares Balta' Chard -- it was AMAZING.... very perfectly paired! We closed off the birthday celebration with Lemon Genoise for my daughter, Frozen Ovaltine for s-i-l and I opted for the ol' standby, Creme Brulee. Lemon Genoise was gross (to me), my daughter said it was as it should be -- flavors blended better as it got to room temperature. It is topped with 'panes' of clear sugar pieces standing in the cake - we were told 'oh, it's only sugar'. Apparently we looked as though we were going to send it back because we had 'glass shards' atop the dessert?!?! The Frozen Ovaltine was -- chocolate .... The Creme Brulee was very well done - just the right texture, flavors and had a lovely side of berry / nut mix that went great alone or with the Brulee. Ok - so why 2 stars? Because one out of three dishes was outstanding - other two were ok. One out of three desserts was outstanding - other two were ok. Service was great for one out of three - totally NOT COOL. and we got all this for $160? nahhh -- not worth it. Quite a shame too - I think the server's attitude just sucked a lot of the ambiance out of the place. Server #3036 only got a 15% tip and I felt that was gracious of me. I am a generous tipper so, it was really a shame for him.
5_star Been here about a dozen times and have only had one regular menu item because the specials each day are phenomenal.
4_star Delicious! ordered two steak frites, one with filet and both with Bearnaise sauce. The star should be the steak which was good but man I loved all the frites! I ordered my filet medium rare and I may just be being picky but it was more on the rare side. I still loved it either way!
1_star This was by far a VERY uncomfortable experience. We came here to be entertained not haressed every 5 mins for lap dances and when we declined the guys got pissed off looks on their faces. They were like vultures circling their Prey except for one male stripper that was actually polite & respectful. Thank you Rebel for being a gentelman & for the memorable lap dance. (Rebel & our waiter - I would give 5 stars.....the rest not so much). I'm not a prude by any means but this was too much...I at on point had to tell one of the strippers to back off because he was making me uncomfortable and he still continued to massage my scalp & kiss my hand/arm. Never Again!!
3_star I had the opportunity to try Kinton this weekend, and went to Kenzo down the street (okay, a long way down the street) today to compare. Here's my finding. Broth - Kenzo: clean, fresh and lightly. Slightly saly, but I like it that way. Kinton: very fatty, lumps of fat floating around, very strong "pork bone" taste. Nice flavour, but very fatty tasting. and doesn't have that clean fresh tast of Kenzo's. Much less salty than Kenzo. Broth Score: Kenzo 4, Kinton 2.5 Noodles: Kenzo's are nicely chewy and fresh tasting. Kinton's are close but taste a bit more "packaged". Noodles Score: Kenzo 4, Kinton 3 Egg: Both delicious but I prefer the saltiness of Kenzo's: Egg Score: Kenzo 5, Kinton 4 Chai Siu: Kenzo's is "okay" but tastes more like Chinese pork. The Kinton pork shoulder (and Pete's pork belly) were moist, soft and delicious, with thick cuts of meat and very generous portions. Meat Score - Kenzo 3, Kinton 4.5 Extras: Kinton's nori accompinament is a nice touch. Kenzo's bok choi (or was it gai lan, I don't remember) and smushed ginger add a nice bit of flavour. Draw. Overall - I favour Kenzo by a fairly wide margin, mostly on account of the broth. I just found myself very full after eating at Kinton, due no doubt to the fact that it felt like I had just eaten a cup of melted lard. Too fatty for me. But I can see it as being a matter of taste.
3_star I have to agree with Maryq. We love Parasson's and it's a local institution, but to be fair, we've noticed the portions have gotten a lot smaller and has anyone else noticed the prices are not low like they used to be? For cheap pasta, we can overlook a lot...but Parasson's ain't the deal it used to be in the 1970s and 1980s when there literally were lines out the door. C'mon guys, it's pasta...you ain' fooling anybody with the smaller portions and bigger prices.
5_star After visiting Naples, Italy and experiencing true Neopolitan pizza, i can say Pomo's is the closest thing you will find to this amazing style of pizza. I've been to many pizza places in the scottsdale/phoenix area and by far this is the best and most authentic. If you have a chance, also try their mushroom soup - very good!
3_star The food is excellent, but it is too much of a bar atmosphere for me. Booth seating was right next to the bar, which got quite loud at times. I would suggest a different seating arrangement for dine-in.
4_star GF's review: It's like your old friend become a chef and invited you to dinner. The omelette was unexpectedly delicious -- beautiful peppers, tasty mushrooms and cheese with a bit of a bite. Stone Oven muligrain bread w/great jam. Good potatoes too. My stuffed cabbage was as good as grandma's. The Kugel needs golden raisins though. The seven layer cake was a home run as was the attentive service by Emma. Two cons: 1) The wait for our food was fine dining looooong, not dinner long. 2) Patrons need a house appetizer while waiting-- pickles, bread, something. Returned the next day for lunch with friends. Service was slooow but worth the wait. Orders included the eggplant reuben, tuna salad, and tuna melt. Everyone left happy.
4_star + positive, -negative, -/+ neutral + The food is amazing. They cook their tofu just right: crispy, tasty, fresh. I'm also a huge fan of the Greenburger. I would have to say it's even better than an In-and-Out burger (although now I'm a vegetarian). - The food is good, but definitely not healthy. Grease, with a side of fat. -/+ Seating could be better. I don't feel relaxed here. + One word: Soynamis. These are frozen yogurt (soy, of course) treats with mix-ins, like fruit, nuts, etc. Perfection in a cup. -/+ Service. They get your order in quickly and get the food to you fast. However, I always find myself a little bummed out after ordering, they never smile! + Limeade. It's really, really good.
2_star I really want to like this location but every time I've gone it's been a bad experience. I go to the NoDa location often so was excited about it being closer to where I live. First visit to the Pineville location was opening weekend. Air conditioning didn't work. Ok, I get it, still working out the kinks. Second visit, I ordered a full order of mushroom tart. Got what looked like only a half order so I asked one of the employees. Since they don't give itemized receipts I was questioned by the employee as to whether or not I did indeed order a full. By the time they checked their records and brought the other half of the mushroom tart out, my family was already done with lunch and we were all waiting to leave. Also, the mushroom tart I got this time had cheese on it. My first half order did not have the cheese on it. Third visit, got a Napolean for the first time and it was completely frozen. Today was my fourth visit and probably my last. I invited a couple of my friends to join me for late morning coffee. We went up to the counter and waited patiently behind a customer that had a order 3 boxes of pastries. There were two employees helping with the order. Both employees saw us but never acknowledged us. Two other employees came up and talked to the two employees at the counter and didn't acknowledge us either. Another customer came in behind us and was helped by one of the employees that was just standing around completely skipping over my friend and I that had been waiting for over 10 mins for someone to help us. None of the employees apologized or anything to us. I ordered a cafe marcotter, which was never called after 15 minutes and I see the barrista standing around and chatting with other customers. I finally asked the barrista if he had an order for me. He looked on the printer and said oh yes, sorry about that and proceeded to make my drink right then. I'm not sure what's going on with this location but to come in every time and have something wrong is really disappointing. I'm not one to complain or cause a scene at the store but after 4 times I felt it needed to be addressed. I'm not sure what's going on at this store but customer service is just not up to par.
3_star My friends and I were here in June and they were packed ~ the table wait time was 5 minutes. Our server was friendly and knowledgable, food is good but it's the dessert that I enjoyed the most. Price range is very affordable for the food and service that they deliver. Must place to see!
2_star If you are looking for a neighborhood place to grab a bite to eat or a beer after a long days work........keep looking. Average at best, service is terrible. First time there being a fan of PBR I asked and the waiter said they were out....trusting that he is the one that would know these things I settle for a Kilt lifter on tap which was OK....I look over at the glass refrigerator and low and behold there are several PBR's chilling. I bring this to his attention and I will admit I got it for free, but we should have left at that point. The food was very average, microwave quality food. We sat next to the manager and he was obviously too busy to say anything about the mix-ups and I know he heard us. But if customer service isn't his bag then keep on keeping on.
4_star We were in the mood for some chicken and waffles, so we found this place. We were way under-dressed. This is a pretty classy place - looks like a lot of special occasions were being celebrated, and we felt a little too casual in our flip flops and jeans - but they were still nice to us. They do take reservations, I'd recommend it - not because they were especially full at 5:30PM on a Saturday - but because the hostess asked us if we had any (even at that time) and it looked like they might seat people without reservations in the bar area at high tops (we were seated in the dining area because someone was late for their reservation). We had the catfish fries for an appetizer - well cooked, not greasy and surprising light for being deep fried. Only complaint was that there were a few "fishy" pieces in the mix, but not sure if that's the nature of catfish (avoid the darker pieces if so). The chicken and waffles were ok, the pieces of chicken were a little too well done and smallish, the waffles were mini waffles - nice presentation. But after having this dish here - I'm inspired to just make belgian waffles on my waffle maker, add a little cinnamon to the mix and pair it with some Popeyes chicken and Tabasco sauce - and save my stomach for other dishes on their menu. The real highlight of our dinner was the smothered steak ... OMG ... so good - we had the gravy on the side so it didn't mask the flavor of the steak. The potatoes were really good (a rich au gratin style), we had the collared greens (ok - but on the bitter side, recommend trying something else), and buttered grits (yummy - great to balance out all the other salty food we had). Everyone else's dishes in the restaurant looked really good too ... I'll probably check out the other Yelper's recommendations to see what to try next.
2_star Do NOT buy the house red wine. The bartender took our order and disappeared and came back with the wine. It was worse than Franzia out of the box! The meatballs are pretty good...
3_star The food here is really good but it's hard to enjoy it when the service is absolutely horrible. This place is severely short staffed and clearly needs to hire more people for the kitchen. We waited an hour for our meals, 20 minutes for our drink orders to be taken and for some reason different bartenders made the same drink completely different. Our server did the best that he could but it was evident that there was too much going on. The wait times were unacceptable and this place needs to find ways to improving their workflow. If you have time to WASTE then I would suggest this restaurant. If not, go to an establishment that can handle customer traffic.
5_star Thoroughly enjoyed my meal. Friendly greeting and nice quaint atmosphere. I'll be back!
3_star This place was recommended by one of my friend's friend. The moment I entered this place, I noticed this was unique for me because everything is all outdoor. As a person from the San Francisco Bay Area, we don't have places like this because of the weather. There were heated lights, but I believe that's unnecessary especially with the warm Arizona nights approaching. Maybe for the Winter season. The food was very good. We started with chips and salsa and their nachos. The salsa was full of flavor and they taste a lot better than Salty Senorita. My wife and I ordered the the six pack Dos XX fish tacos and they were very good, which you can't go wrong because its just beer battered fish. They definitely taste a lot better than Rubios that's for sure. They have live music Friday night and a huge Jenga block for anyone who wants to play. The waitstaff was friendly and they checked back at us here and there. This place is definitely leaning towards a younger crowd, but it's a fun place to be. Dos Gringos is a nice place for lunch and is great if you have a large group for dinner and drinks. However, I do not recommend this place if you have young children because some of the signage that is posted on the wall and below the bar counters. Some of the signage is inappropriate for young kids to read. The prices are moderate, which is usually just right for Tex-Mex. Furthermore, the drinks are inexpensive and you can play Jenga. If you're in Scottsdale, then I recommend this place especially you have a group of friends with you. You can't go wrong.
5_star Rivertowne Pourhouse is certainly a favorite bar/restaurant of mine. When Rivertowne Pourhouse (formerly Parkway Tavern for you townies) opened a few years ago, it already had a large following of former Gateway students grandfathered in. So let me start with the good about this place. [Pretty much] everything. A lot of employees have been friends of mine, the food is always incredibly delicious, the drinks are served promptly. I mention the employee point to illustrate that this is truly a local establishment which emphasizes a "community first" attitude. You will get reliable service, well prepared meals, and some of the best home brewed beer in Pittsburgh. The trifecta. I've never had a meal here that's disappointed me. There's always half off appetizers too, every day, 10p-midnight. So if you want a late snack, you can get a hefty portion of cheese fries or breaded zucchini for a very competitive price. Drink prices for the amazing brews are reasonable too. For $3 during happy hour (excluding high gravity) you can try one of the ever changing list of carefully crafted beers. At the end of the night too feel free to buy a 6-pack of select favorites, and maybe you'll find a new go-to for your next trip. There's a beer here for every taste and preference. Rivertowne will mostly deliver an enjoyable time out also. The weekends can get packed, the weekdays are good for just having a drink in a relaxed environment. Which I guess brings me to my only gripe. Being a big fan of the Pourhouse for years, I will say that I avoid Saturdays anymore. Not because of the establishment whatsoever, but because of the weekend DJs and some of the embarrassment that accompanies them. Now, I used to enjoy seeing it at first because yes, it absolutely is hysterical to watch 40-50 year old mothers clumsily dancing on... well, the space between tables since there isn't actually a dance floor. But that mixed with some of the younglings who can't handle themselves and the deafening volume of the DJ, the Saturday night visits have become a little less than desirable. Read recent reviews and you'll see that the decibels put out by the DJ are no exaggeration. Its a shame because the weekend DJs are actually very energetic, but having fun does not require one's ears to bleed. That being said however, if you are looking for an enjoyable night out with family and friends for quality food and beer, you really can't beat Rivertowne Pourhouse in Monroeville. This a fantastic place to frequent, just don't bring grandma past 9:00pm on a Saturday night.
3_star My husband and I got pizza here about 2 weeks ago. The pizza was just ok. There didn't seem to be enough sauce so it had a dry taste. The restaurant seemed nice and the staff was very friendly. I think next time we will try one of their other dishes.
5_star That patty melt continues to be the best we've had. This time got it with a side salad, which was also pretty excellent. I tried the sliders, which to be quite honest had slightly dry buns and the burger meat tasted unimpressive. I wouldn't order it again, personally. On the up-side, the sweet potato fries were again excellent, and stayed remarkably crisp and delicious even as they cooled. Just like my last review: The staff were super friendly and cool people, the restaurant was clean and comfortable and looked great. We're absolutely coming back, even just for the patty melt.
1_star The last time I checked Arabic's don't microwave chicken........sure its packed look at the quality of the people that live in whitby hicks!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
5_star In the ever expanding foodscape on Dundas West, I'm happy to report the weeks-old Porchetta & Co. is a welcome addition. Adhering to the philosophy that less is more, similar to local legend California Sandwiches with their veal 'wiches, Nick auf der Mauer aims to do one thing, porchetta, and do it well. Very well. I met up for a New Year's Eve lunch with friends to sample the wares at this tiny spot that's been getting all kinds of great buzz. I won't speak for the other ladies, but I for one can assure you, you can believe the hype. These porcine bundles of joy are sandwiched between soft and crusty sourdough buns from Portuguese bakery, Caldense. At $5.95 for the basic sandwich, it's a healthy size for most. Seriously guys, the pork. It is juicy, packed with flavour, most notably a lovely garlic note from the marinade, and is studded with the most delightfully crispy bits of skin I've encountered in a while. I ordered the sandwich with mushrooms, but would love to try it with the mild bitterness of rapini next time. While the star at Porchetta & Co. is obviously the sandwich, you can also partake in a side of soup or roasted potatoes. If you're feeling extra hungry, swear to god, have the potatoes. The only time I've ever encountered a mouthful like them, is what is referred to by select members of my family and friends as "the potatoes". One year, I roasted my bird à la Martha Stewart, basted in wine and butter, and placed halved new potatoes under the roasting rack to absorb and cook in the buttery, winey drippings. P&C's potatoes come close to these. Simply seasoned in salt, pepper and olive oil, the spuds are roasted until golden and simultaneously crispy and fluffy. Potato perfection. I said "Why not?" to the offer of truffle sauce to go with them, and would recommend this dressing in a heartbeat. All the flavours in each dish danced together like Bolshoi on my tongue, each performing their role perfectly to make my mouth happy. Porchetta & Co. are located at 825 Dundas St. W, and are open Tues.-Sat. 11:00am-9:00pm; Sun. 11:00am-4:00pm; closed Mondays. Now, go! (reproduced from my blog, My Daily Bread)
3_star Wanted to like it... The hipster staff would be better suited for the Arcadia area. Plaid, plaid, plaid. Reminds me of the Vig staff. Food is ok. Gone three times with my employees for work lunches. There was always some sort of issue with someone's grub. Surprised it isn't perfect once I was told that Sam Fox lives on the same corner...
3_star Probably if I had ordered something else, La Grande Orange Pizzeria would have scored 4 stars. And it all depends on what you are used to growing up. I ordered the tuna salad sandwich, and they put sweet pickle relish in the tuna salad. Bleah bleah bleah bleah bleah. Patooie patooie also. My friend got a breakfast sandwich thingy on a special English muffin, and loved it. La Grande Orange Pizzeria serves the breakfast stuff all day. Very good to know. Parking her is a bear. As in there are about 20 spaces, tops. Plus a few behind the restaurant. If you go, carpool.
4_star My colleagues took me here for dinner last night. I did not expect their burgers to be so good. The prices are a little high, but there are a variety of gourmet burgers to choose from. The fries with chili are good too. I am not a big fan of beef, but I would not mind going back when I am back in Vegas for work. By the way, the service was excellent as well. I gave them a 4 star because the price was a little high for a hamburger, but they are worth a try.
3_star 2nd Attempt - Our first attempt was the first night they opened...so understandable that it wasn't the best experience. My family ate here a week ago. It was a Friday night, busy, but not horrible. We were greeted and seated right away. It was at least 15 minutes before the server (a male, didn't get his name) came and took our drink orders, then it was another 15 minutes before our drinks began to arrive at the table! They arrived one at a time. We tried to order beer but were told they didn't have any because the cooler was broke. My husband ordered a margarita, which arrived first..then my son's sprite came out about 6 minutes later. My bloody mary?? 23 minutes after I ordered! The Food - my husband ordered the prime rib sandwich, I ordered the Steak Diane burger and my son had chicken. All of the food was delicious and prepared perfectly. I've been craving the Steak Diane burger since that night. The presentation of the food was beautiful and we'd all order the same meals again. We used to be regulars at the owner's previous spot and want to support a local restaurant. The food is worth going back for. The only reason I'm not rating 5 stars is for lack of service. Once the server dropped off our drinks, he didn't return to our table until 1 hour and 16 minutes later to drop off the check. We had to ask two others that were working that night for more water and sprite. We will definitely be back...but will be hopeful our server will be better prepared.
1_star I was hopeful for this restaurant because it is close, but I was extremely disappointed at the service. The waitress (who appeared to be an owner) seemed very rude as though she was rushing to get my party of two out of the restaurant. As we were standing up and leaving, she was already clearing our table. Keep in mind the restaurant was very slow and we were one table out of a total of three occupied tables in the restaurant. When I tipped the waitress and thanked her, she just replied "bye". We were only there for less than 30 minutes and business was slow so I didn't understand her curt behavior. The sushi itself was unremarkable. The rolls tasted quite dry, which I am not used to.
1_star I love Steak And Shake and this one is closest to my work. So it's a shame that this is the absolute worst Steak And Shake in the world. I have had MULTIPLE bad experiences here to the point I've stopped going to this one altogether. They got my order wrong every time I went and it's not like I was doing special orders, just normal things off the menu. One time I went through the drive through and after I ordered I got stuck in line for 20 minutes (you can't pull out of line) only for them to screw up my order. I regularly go to the Penn Station next door, do yourself a favor and just go there instead.
2_star Visited Town Hall today (Memorial Day). The food and drinks were very good. However, I had issues with the many dogs on the patio. Don't get me wrong, I like dogs. However, the dogs should not impact other diners. A dog licked my wife's hand as we sat down in our seats. And the dogs barked constantly throughout lunch.
3_star We started with the Spring Rolls which were crispy, and not overly oily like these deep fried goodies can sometimes be. For the main course, we ordered 2 small dishes - Beef with Broccoli and Garlic Chicken. It was the perfect amount of food for 2 people. The Beef with Broccoli was probably close to half beef, half broccoli, so that was good. The Garlic Chicken had a little spice to it which was tasty, though I really couldn't distinguish any garlic flavor. The restaurant does have a few tables, so you could eat in, but it seems like it's really more set up to be a take-out joint. I need to try the won ton soup and Mongolian beef before I can give a better or worse rating. For now "A-OK" is a good description.
5_star Amazing food and drinks. I've tried multiple main courses on the menu and was never disappointed. Always happy to go there and would recommend to anyone.
3_star I was really looking forward to this but it was a slight let down. Most of the food was good. Asian food section and meat selection were great. Seafood area was very limited compared to what was advertised on yelp and their website. For $50.99 per person on a Saturday night, I would rather be at The Buffet at The Wynn with beautiful flower arrangments surrounding me.
1_star I don't why this hotel is rated high. It's a Pathetic restaurant . Actually I am right now in the restaurant. They have a buffet lunch. Once I took the curries I was told I will get the naan but I had to wait 30mins until I went and ask for it again. Atmosphere sucks. I would better have gone to some gas station and got Pringles.
5_star One of my favorite pizza places! The crust really is that good. Ive tried just plain cheese, roasted red peppers, and mushrooms -- all great. Make sure you get a drink though -- it can get a little salty. Best eaten fresh, not as good reheated later.
3_star The food here has gotten worst and the service wasn't the greatest either. Very average place now
2_star I was excited to try this place being from LA where Korean Mexican fusion is not a new thing. The food was pretty underwhelming. They have some non-fusion tacos which were bland. The kimchi fried rice was not good. I make it all the time at home and the one at KoMex was too sweet. The portions are very large, so we took the leftovers home and doctored it up with some sriracha to tame the sweetness. It's a small place in a little strip mall. I don't think it's a place I'd go out of my way for.
2_star I ordered the asian chicken wrap. There was not much flavor. I was hoping for some sauce inside with lots of asian flavor like sesame oil, cilantro, or lime. It had none of that and was very bland. Inside the spinach wrap was broccoli slaw, dry shredded chicken, sunflower seeds, and crumbled up ramen noodles. The two positives were quick service and my side of broccoli casserole was very good. My husbands ham sandwich came on cheap slightly stale white bread with subpar deli meat ham.
3_star The food was good and the prices were very reasonable. Although I was very disappointed with the service. I received my food a good ten minutes before my company received their food. It was a little awkward as we waited. Also they're not big on making sure their guests are comfortable; I had to ask twice for a refill before I actually got one...
4_star The service was good and our server was very nice. The wait was a little long but we had everything right. We ordered a pazooki and that took like 10 minutes or maybe a little bit longer but we enjoyed our pazooki.
1_star Plain bland it is bad had the lite side Yuk didn't even half $16 GF had the Huevo Rancheros Same story Average service Don't waste your time 1/2 star
1_star This place was not even close to being good. GREASY GREASY I ordered a breakfast burrito and it was so horrible they need to cut back on cheese and not dip it in grease before they serve you. Also the lady at the window was rude.
1_star Food is awesome but the service is absolute shit. I don't know who manages this place, but it took them 45 minutes to make a chicken wrap and macho peas at 8:16 on a Friday night. It's a shame the service is so terrible when the chicken is so good!
4_star Patio and Porterhouse! Shared the Porterhouse steak with two others, twas fantastico! Arrived with fingerling potatoes, grilled veggies and mucho grande salad which was enough for all three grown fellas. Topped with a bottle of vino the meal was complete. Good service no issues. Make sure you got a reservation during the busy lunch and dinner hrs.
3_star Hot chocolate was great. Italian one was not as thick as we expected but yummy none the less. The volcano ice cream cup was below average - exactly what you'd find at any normal chain restaurant. Hard brownie, hodgepodge of sauces on top, nothing brining it all together. Very disappointing. Wasted most of it.
3_star Its a small place, not great in terms of deco, but the food was pretty good especially for the price. We got steamed and fried dumplings, the chive pancake ring, beef noodle soup, and the deep fried lean pork. I'd have to say the highlight of our meal was the fried dumplings. I really enjoyed the texture of it as it was partly steamed then fried and the wrapping wasnt too thick and doughy. Good place for a dumpling craving.
2_star We tried Primebar on Satruday night. I'd have to say - a disappointment. Looks good on the outsdie, good location in the Scottsdale Quarter, but just doesn't deliver. Part of a big theme restaurant group. The bar areas look cool even though it's sort of a "wide open" layout. The Menu has some interesting items but the execution is just average. The Shrimp Bruschetta - decent flavor - but they just bury the bread under "mounds" of tomatoes - so everthing just gets soggy. The Caesar salad - just OK. The ladies had the Pork Tacos and the regualr hamburger. The guys the Prime Rib sandwich and the Club sandwich with sweet potato fries. Again, the food was just OK. Except for the hamburger.... It comes with two, yes two patties?? So you can only order it medium, but hello what women wants TWO patties?? A guy - maybe, but he would get the Prime Burger(better beef & bigger). As a resul, it is almost impossible to eat and cooked to death - what where they thinking?? The sweet potaoto fries were an "A", the highlight. The service took 1 hour....They said the pirnter in the kitchen ran out of ink so they got behind. Sounds like a "my dog ate it" excuse. Laslty, the bar crowd....I pity Scittsdale women that they put up with the "bling, sideway or backways baseball hats, and tighty whitey tee shirts and jeans" crowd - We felt like we walked into a 50 Cent concert. Too Bad. So much potential - I think another 1 and done....
5_star I fist-pumped the air when Posto was voted as the best pizza in Calgary. While there are some consistently good and great competitors out there in YYC, this is up with the best of the lot from my pizza-lover travels, including Flatbread company's Mopsy's Kalua Pork pizza (in Paia, on Maui), and a few excellent pizzas had while backpacking through Tuscany. I only take good friends and good people here because it is my favourite place to eat in all of Calgary and what will probably be either what keeps me here or what I will miss most (beyond friends) if I ever had to leave. The crust is perfection in texture - light but crispy, moist but hardy. I love sitting up at the bar, basking in the ambience of this intimate restaurant and watching the pizza wizards and witches work their magic with the dough. They work with precision and deftness to ensure a beautiful and flavourful work of pizza art that glistens in the dimmed electric dazzle of their retro lampshades. Everyone I bring quickly converts into a Posto-lover as well, and I would highly recommend this as a perfect place for a special date -one that feels like fine-dining without quite the fine-dining price tag. Also, it's worth it to order more pizza than you think you can eat because you'll probably want to take extra home for later!
1_star Ling & Louie's is getting one start from me for very poor customer service. I ordered take out last Friday, the place was busy and the bartender handling the bar and take out orders was overwhelmed. After waiting for him to acknowledge me, he handed me the bill and got my order. I paid and even gave him a tip (which I now regret) because he didn't return my credit card. Mistakes happen and it's as much my fault for not realizing I didn't have my card. The problem is... I called the next morning and told the person who answered the phone what happened, he said "oh yeah, we have it" - that's it. When I drove all the way back to pick up my card... I walk in and the same bartender who kept my card was there, I said... "Hi, last night ....." he said nothing... he just looks at me, hands me the card and says "thanks"... FOR WHAT???? No apology, no nothing... At the very least, the guy could have apologized. Not sure I'll be back....
3_star We visited twice in its first 10 days and had, overall, good experiences (we cut them a break for slower than not service just after opening...) Some thoughts: *Place looks like a million (several million) bucks *Dining room looks inviting from a distance, but oddly small booths, tables too near bustling aisles/front doors and undesirable front room seating locations (to left as you walk in) are a real bummer... Diners will not want to sit in many of the tables (including the large, perhaps communal, table straight in from - and totally exposed to - the front doors and stares of all who enter...) Did the management actually sit at these tables to see how they felt...? Have they talked to diners about the odd seating? Have they witnessed, as I did, diners not wanting to sit at certain crappy tables? They do not feel comfortable.. *Salmon burger and hamburger were super. Prime sirloin is a steal at $20 and was extremely good, one of the best steaks i've had anywhere.. Only "salad" on dinner menu was nothing more than chilled prime sirloin with a few greens on the side (Tasty - but how about a SALAD, folks?) *Soup served in same vessels as at Brio/Bravo... A wise move? *Temps have been off on nearly every side and soup we've tried. Serving HOT food -meatballs, soup, mashed potatoes, etc... can't be that hard, can it? D for effort on this. *Pricing is very fair for quality and moderately sized portions. However, side dishes included with entrees are tiny - and look skimpy on the plates... *Tried to go Black Friday for lunch... made OpenTable reservation for 7 on the spur of the moment... Got a call 5 minutes later saying their only table for 7 was just seated and our reservation spot was not available and we'd need to delay our reservation for 45-60 minutes to be seated... Nice of them to call - but after 100 OpenTable reservations, this is the first situation of its type. Was there literally not a way to accomodate 7 of us? Could two tables (at 12:15 PM) not have been pushed together to make room for 7, even if that's not their normal policy? I know they've got plenty of 4 tops adjacent to each other. They lost 7 customer that day... Not good.
3_star I ordered a crepe and my friend a waffle, the portions were very small (few pieces of fruits, added up together probably not a full strawberry). The dessert was good but average. We also had to wait a long time for the food and the bill. If I had to pick a dessert place I wouldn't insist on this one.
2_star Meh, I just had a cream cheese blueberry bagel which came out as any Einsteins should be serving it. What I didn't like is that I went up and ordered with no line (sounds great if your flight is going to board soon right?) thinking it would be quick... Only to find out their were 6 orders waiting before mine! That's a little extensive for what should be quick turnaround considering you're serving people who are getting on flights. Okay, maybe I was being impatient? I don't think so, their were 3 employees and it seemed like only one was actually peeping the food which is why it was taking so long. One lady that had been waiting had to ask about her order and the gentleman apologized and said he would make it right away, as if they had forgotten or lost her order. Not to mention, a lot of their stuff is over priced like crazy... Almost $6 before tax for a medium or large chai latte?!?! No way I'm spending that much when even Starbucks doesn't charge that much for the same thing! Basically, if you've for the time and money, than it's worth a shot but nothing I recommend messing with.
4_star Bear & Bottle is a great addition to the East Madison/Maple Bluff area. The decor is very hip - kind of a woodsy industrial vibe with some nice outdoor seating options. Our server was very attentive and friendly. Great cocktails and solid beer selection. Their salads and tacos are quite good - have yet to try the sandwich options. Tonight we also had the whitefish gazpacho, which was a grilled fish with a generous portion of a fresh chunky tomato salsa. Not what we expected but it was delicious. Give this place a try - they are still new and likely refining, but don't deserve some of the lower ratings folks have given.
3_star I'm a guy that loves mexican food. I am a mlife member and saw that this restaurant was recommended as far as mexican food restaurants goes. Slightly disappointed because I was expecting more from the recommendations, plus the fact that it was in the Aria. Good tasting drinks, but the food didn't live up to the price.
1_star We were really looking forward to liking this place. We live in the neighborhood and have been meaning to try it out. So tonight I read some Yelp! reviews which sounded promising. The listing said they were open until 10pm. I called Leticia's at 8:30pm to double-check their closing time (this IS Vegas 2011 afterall). "10pm" the lady told me. We arrived at the restaurant at 9:30pm only to find the "closed" sign up and the staff sweeping the floors. I spoke to a lady and reminded her that they had just told me 10pm and she shrugged. So we took our business to nearby Lindo Michoacan who stay open until the hours posted on their sign. We won't be back. What a shame...
5_star 1st time @ Kelly's and I'll definitely be back. On a Friday evening I started my day off with an $13 dollar 32oz Heineken! Our bartender was GERMAINE!! She was amazing in every way. It made our experience enjoyable! Germaine walked us through the menu and lead us in the right direction. I ended up going with the Moroccan Curry! It was amazing. Other choices of our group that were all 5 Star were the mussels and 8oz steak fritas- both cooked to perfection. We will be back and for sure be visiting Germaine at the bar!
3_star My SO and I have been trying expand our food horizon and try new cuisines. Inspired by our recent trip to Khao San Road, we ventured over to Lion City for a different South East Asian type of food. We ordered two noodle soups, the laksa and another soup that had two different types of noodles in it (don't remember the name). I was anticipating bold flavors, but was disappointed. The laksa was a little to coconutty for me, and did not seem to have any other seasonings (save for some satay on the side). Despite this, I chose to give a 3-star rating because of the service. The servers there are very attentive and friendly. The atmosphere was very warm and welcoming. I think that I would go back just for the atmosphere here.
5_star Great hot dogs and these were king size franks. As the proprietor is from Chicago she knows how to get them right, including the celery salt and small peppers. Was too full to try the beefs but they looked just as good. Limited seating inside. But taking them home was just as much fun, good onion rings. Being from Chicago I would rank them up there with Carm's in Chicago which is the Holy Grail for us Chicagoans stranded in the Buckeye wasteland.
2_star Small portion sizes, the meat is not cooked well, very slow service, and the waiter reeked of alcohol. Their menu changes every week btw.
5_star I'm just going to throw it all out there and say this is probably the best meal I have ever had, bar none. We ended up here thanks to a $50 food and beverage comp I had. If it hadn't been for that, I would have never even thought to eat at this place. This was everything you would expect from a high-end restaurant: beautiful decor, ambiance, superior service. I was extremely impressed that when the dining room doors were closed, you absolutely cannot hear any of the noise from the casino floor. Quite the feat considering when were were there the table dancers were performing less than 50 steps away from the entrance to the restaurant. We started with the escargot. It was incredibly fantastic. I'd had escargot before and it was always my experience that they were a little bit chewy, so that is what I expected. That was completely not the case here. They were warm. soft, tender, buttery, and just enough garlic to get a really good flavor but it didn't punch you in the mouth or send you running for the mouthwash. For our entrees my boyfriend had the sauteed green-peppercorn filet of beef and I had the pan seared duck breast and duck sausage. On my first bite I just melted. Gave out and audible "mmmmmm" complete with an eyeroll....and again with the second bite....and again with the third....then I cut into the sausage and I nearly fell out of the booth. Every bite was pure heaven. I think my boyfriend was pretty sure he was going to have to take my upstairs for a smoke afterward! I have never had duck so perfectly cooked. Tender, juicy, and so full of flavor. My boyfriend was enjoying the same out of his steak. He sacrilegiously ordered the steak "medium", which in my opinion instantly kills the flavor of the meat. However it was so wonderfully seasoned that there was zero compromise in the flavor and so perfectly cooked that I'm pretty sure it could have been cut with a spork! For dessert we decided on the pistachio souffle with white chocolate sauce. Completely fluffy, moist, sweet goodness in a bowl. It stood beautifully and there was a wonderful crisp crunch to the outside, and oh-so-soft, warm, and melted inside. The last bite where the white chocolate sauce had fused with and melted into the remains of the souffle was complete perfection. Normally I would scoff at dropping this much coin on a single meal, but this place is now going to be built into the Vegas budget. I'm a year away from going again and already I'm craving this food. We've already decided on the rack of lamb and Dover sole for the next round!
3_star Took my girlfriend here for breakfast for her birthday. Thought the good reviews were worth trying somewhere new. This was a let down. The food was average at best and the menu was very limited. Maybe my expectations were too high. I ordered the eggs benedict and the grilled cheese. The Benedict was nothing special and the grilled cheese was just horrible. Too much avocado and green chili made it cold and there was not nearly enough cheese. The bread was thick which made the lack of cheese even worse. My girlfriend had over easy eggs with bacon and potatoes. Hard to mess that up and she said it was good. I really expected something special and didn't get it. Service was good and multiple people checked in on us....So that was a plus.
2_star Our group of six arrived for dinner on a Monday evening. The restaurant was not busy (probably only four to five other tables the entire time we were there) and though the service was friendly, they were not attentive or proactive. For example, we ordered numerous dishes and when the plates were empty, we had to ask the waitress a couple times to remove them. We even stacked the dishes in front of us before resorting to asking the waitress since we were running out of table space for the next entrées. When dessert was served, we reminded our waitress to provide utensils since none were available. Overall, the food was decent, but the service could use significant improvement especially since the restaurant was not busy. We do not plan on returning.
3_star Pizza was greasy & good for a 2 AM order of pie. Unfortunately, they took an HOUR AND THIRTY MINUTES to deliver to my hotel room. I'm sure I had called during primetime, I get they have drunkies to attend to.. But they told me I would only have to wait 45 minutes, and 90 minutes later I was practically asleep.
5_star Nori is always a great experience. Not only is the fish the freshest you will find in Arizona, but the service is extraordinary. The ambience is a cool, modern look with lime green colors and dark woods. Happy hour runs until 6:00 and features some basic rolls. However, for those who are a bit more experienced, go with with an adventurous roll on the main menu or a chirashi bowl (not on the menu). Enjoy!
4_star In MGM hotel, right in front of CDS' Ka Theatre. At 10pm, there was no line, so was seated immediately. Menu is small, about 6-8 appetisers, mains, desert. I ordered the spicy tuna tatare (About $20, very good) and a mushroom pizza (about $18, thin crust, light and delicious). Servers were professional and attentive. Hostess was aloof and rolled her eyes at me (unconscious, I hope, and I am generally thick-skinned about such things). Dinner was Thurs, 10 July.
2_star This was the second restaurant in Las Vegas that was supplied with one of the winners of Hell's Kitchen. Even though the winner, "Rock" Harper had already departed, we still wanted to check it out. It's a twin of Terra Rossa at Red Rock Resort-pretty much the same overpriced menu which shouldn't be surprising since both Executive Chefs were born in Milan and worked some of the same places through their careers. We had no problems getting in without a reservation even though it was about 7:00 on a Friday night. The atmosphere and décor of the restaurant were very nice and gave it a romantic feel, but the lights were so dim we had to use our cell phone flashlights to read the menu. The romantic feel was dispelled by our wait staff. Although prompt and courteous, they were a bit stuffy, almost to the point of being snobbish. Green Valley isn't the upscale, trendy neighborhood it once was so they need to adjust to their clientele. While you're waiting for your food, you get the standard bread with olive oil and balsamic vinegar along with a plate that has a selection of cheeses, olives, peppers and zucchini chips. If you like the harder cheeses like parmesan and Romano (we do), you'll enjoy this while you wait for your food. We skipped the starters and went straight for the main course. Our waiter gave us that "cheapskates" look. We may have needed flashlights to read the menu, but the look on his face was plain as day. If you think we're cheap now, wait until you see your tip! Don't be a putz. There are plenty of Italian restaurants in town to visit. I ordered the wild mushroom risotto and Brenda had the veal parmesan. The risotto was tasty and seasoned, but somehow I was expecting something a bit more. The portion size was ok, but certainly didn't fill me up. I think a smaller portion served as a starter would be better than the undersized dinner portion that cost $30. Brenda's veal also had good flavor and although the portion size was correct for dinner, it was a bit on the tough side. Being underwhelmed by dinner, we skipped dessert and headed over to Starbucks for a couple of lattes. Although the food was good, it just wasn't good enough to justify the price--especially for a local's casino. It might be good to check out, but there are plenty of other Italian restaurants in Vegas whose food is just as good but at a better price.
4_star Great flavour of meat...good size portions and excellent tsaisiki sauce......probably one of the best gyros around, would go back for sure.....
1_star So I went here on a Friday night after work just looking to eat something quick before heading out that night. I got a burger, fries and drink and it came to like $15 lol. Ok so with that price I'm hoping this is going to be a really good meal. Wrong. I got a some kinda bacon cheddar burger and it took 15 minutes to make. Employees didn't really seem to care. Then it turns out the smart cook mixed up my 4oz burger with someone else's 6oz. Then the sandwich lady said she'll just switched the patty's and rubbed a bunch of shit off the burger with paper towel even though I told her not to (YEAH, SWEET). Overall, it's just another burger joint that thinks they're hot shit but they're not
5_star Incredible burgers! LBS is located inside the Red Rock Casino and features all organic ingredients (even the ketchup is organic!). It makes everything, including buns, patties, pickles, and fries, in house. The buns are soft and so fresh. The burgers are juicy and cooked perfectly. The fries, that come with a special fry sauce, are crisp and delicious. LBS is great because it provides great choices to customize your burgers. The LBS burger sauce is just slightly sweet (akin to a steak sauce) which some of you may not like. But you have a variety of sauces you can substitute on your burger, including a horseradish one. Yum! There are also varieties of cheeses and toppings that ensures everyone will leave happy. Definitely the best burger I've had in Vegas.
1_star Food was very bland and watery. Trying to cut costs? Owner and head waiter rude to customers.. Is this the way to run a business ? Avoid !
2_star Not a bad place for smoked meat. However, for the price I paid, I was expecting just a bit more. I ordered the smoked meat and chicken sandwich combination. The smoked meat was a bit dry. The stuffed chicken was still cold (as if someone had just pulled out of a fridge). Fries were great though (hot, fresh, and ample amounts). The coleslaw and pickle were good (nothing special). Portion wise, I was expecting a bit more smoked meat. Service was a bit slow at times (long wait to get seated and ordering, but quick for the food and bill). The bathroom is a disaster (couldn't even find soap), and the decor is getting old (tape over couches, and a layer of dirt and grime on the tables. Overall, if you're looking for a place to get smoked meat (or any food for that matter; the menu is huge) in the middle of the night (after a night out; this place is opened 24 hours), this is not a bad option. If you are looking for good quality smoked meat, this is not your place. In fact, try the Dunn's in the west island. I found that one has better smoked meat and better service all together.
1_star I will never set foot in this place again! Worst service ever! Waited 25 minutes to even get noticed by the server. I was so excited that I was finally going to try this place out since I drive by it all the time and wanted a place that served some prime rib. Total disappointment when we were seated, no one approached my fiance and I. After seeing this family get service before us I was like "oh hell no, that did not just happen." I went to the hostess to tell her we've been sitting here for 20 minutes and no one has approached us, not even a drink order or anything. I wanted to walk out! She finally got the server but the server did not apologize for the wait or anything (this place wasn't even packed). She asked for our drink order and I told her we've been ready to order. I ordered the prime rib with the twice baked potato. It was okay! Bob Taylor's Ranch House you totally disappointed me!
4_star This place is fantastic. Awesome pho, Great salad rolls, stir frys and well just everything is really good. Definitely recommend trying it!!
3_star The butter chicken was delicious, but I ruined my lunch by ordering the cheesy kimchi fire ball. *facepalm Stay away from them I almost lost my lunch. I will go back and give this place a second chance.
3_star 3.5/5! I LOOOOOOVE pho! It's a mad real craving and I don't always have it so when I do, I'm critical about everything. I went with an old friend to catch up and frankly, my rating is best more on her dish than mine. We went for lunch around noon and both order the Special 99 beef soup which comes as the broth with all types of beef (brisket, tendons, meatballs, strips, etc), tripe, and noodles. It was nice and warm, very filling and adding Sriracha really cleared up my sinuses (suffering from a cold at the moment lol). My friend ordered the exact same dish but had asked for no onions. I don't know if they interpreted that in a different way but they didn't give her onions (good) but they also didn't give her any of the meatballs or tripe. She still enjoyed it but felt a bit jipped. I took out the tendons from my bowl when it came but that's just preference. Also, I actually haven't tried pho anywhere other than pho mi 99 so next time I'll definitely expand my horizons. We both got medium sized bowls and all together with tax was $14.39 (a little under $8 each) which I think is pretty good considering the quality and quantity you get. Definitely recommend, I'll be trying their fish balls and shrimp bowl next time :)
4_star This is a great place to taste authentic Japanese Izakaya or Teppanyaki styple cuisine. Not your typical mainstream Japanese restaurant here in Toronto. Amazing service and the food is just awesome.
3_star Three stars perfectly sums this place up... nothing memorable, but nothing bad either. The atmosphere is surprisingly nice (very clean- always a plus) and the service is friendly. Americanized Chinese with all the usual suspects on the menu. General Tso's shrimp were okay but lacking in flavor, same goes for the soup and other dishes I tried. Decent prices and food for a neighborhood joint, but I'd head to Chinatown for more authentic and flavorful Chinese. I would not come back, but that is mostly because I live on the exact opposite end of town.
5_star First time there got take out Pizza was very and my boyfriend got the calzone was good will be going back in the near future.... My veggie pizza had the perfect amount of crispy crust. Will let my friends know thanks also for the best costumer service that anyone can ask fot6
2_star At a $1 a piece for wings way too pricey for very small wings, good service but wouldn't try the wings again
2_star Great food, terrible service - I recommend it only if your eating TO GO.
4_star For tacos they are a little pricy. They are good but I'm not sure that I would want to pay that much for tacos. Very clean and nice decor.
3_star It went downhill quite a bit over the last year, it's just a generic Korean owned Japanese restaurant now. Some sushi items are pretty good, but nothing amazing. Some, like the spider roll, are just plain terrible.
5_star You can never go wrong with the bulgogi nachos. The chips are always crisp, toppings are plentiful and portion size will fill you up. The fusion beef sliders with fries are great. Who knew a bulgogi cheesesteak would be so delicious, they did that's why it's on the menu. I love getting the pork belly skewers as an appetizer. I always leave full and satisfied with some leftovers to take home.
1_star Went there for lunch today, had high expectation since we tried the same buffet in SD that has really good food & fancy decor. This is a major disappointment! First we were shocked by the high price: price of lunch is equal to dinner! Except for sweet & sour chicken & apple pie, everything is at best luke warm! Most of the desserts are not fresh, chocolate cakes are really dry! Compare to the other Chinese buffets here in town like Jumbo Buffet, China Star, & Buffet Asia, this has fewer selection & worse service!
2_star we live less than .5 Miles from this place so we order frequently and usually enjoy it. tonight however delivery took more than an hour (again we live less than .5 Miles away) and when our pizza arrived it was cold and the chicken fingers are soggy. might be time to try a new place.
3_star The classic burger was quite good although I personally would have enjoyed a smaller bun. Excellent asian beef soup, beet salad was great and sliders were as good as the burger. Place is noisy with suits yapping loudly anoutht their business. Service was ok could use for some more attentive serving staff. Lunch for two (no booze) with an appetizer was a bit rich. Just under one hundred with tip.
4_star Great food with a fresh small selection of seafood, nice and knowledgeable staff,
1_star If you would like to spend $30 on a glorified entree that is the size of a decent appetizer, this is the place for you! If you like to wait 12 minutes for a glass of water when there are only 5 tables filled in the restaurant, this is the place for you! If you like food with no seasoning and tables with salt but no pepper, this is the place for you! If you like to wait 15 minutes for your raw oyster appetizer (after the 12 minute water wait), this is the place for you! If you like to waste your time, money, and have these to burn, this is the place for You!!!!!!
1_star I wish i could tell you all about the food but there was problem. My friend and went there for dinner we were seated quickly unfortunately it was in middle of the empty dinning room so we asked to be moved to the side which we were. Upon sitting down we were told we could only have one of the very small table tops there were two together so the hostess told us the manager said we couldn't use two table tops in the empty restaurant. So we got up and left. With the manager chasing us blaming the hostess for the the ridiculous action. Needles to say we will never return.
5_star Ubaldo Mora is a magician. We went non-traditional with a chocolate mocha cake. It could not have been more moist and more beautiful. He knew exactly what our vision was for our cake, executed it perfectly, was very pleasant to work with, and ultra professional.
4_star I enjoy this spot. Pizza is good. The BBQ Polo is my go to pie. The serve Krombacher beer, A great german beverage. They recently renovated and Im sure it was needed but perhaps they went a little too "high end". Over all a good experience for a restaurant I visit often.
3_star Short version: probably ok for a few glasses of wine, but not really worth the price for a meal, IMO. Full version: Been wanting to try this place despite the lukewarm reviews, so finally made plans last week. I arrived quite early, before my dining partner, & grabbed a New Zealand sauvignon blanc I had enjoyed before while I waited. Found the decor a bit odd, but that might just be my personal feelings about textured wallpaper & mirrored chandeliers. Ambience was not helped by staff using scotch tape to secure a ceiling vent cover nearby - hope they aren't expecting that tape to hold forever! I was seated in the very large front window snug - nice view of the street & plenty of table space, but I cannot imagine trying to have a conversation with someone sitting across from me, as the table is a bit too wide. My partner chose to sit next to me when he arrived, to avoid shouting. There was a large electrical cord lying across the floor at the booth entrance, which none of the multiple staff members who walked by noticed, apparently. Maybe I should have borrowed the scotch tape dispenser to secure it before someone trips. Wine list is ok & well-priced for the neighbourhood; we enjoyed a good bottle of tempranillo, which was probably the highlight of the meal for me. Live piano music was a nice touch. Perhaps because we were a bit away from other diners, we found it a good place to have a chat while sipping wine. Apparently they have recently changed their menu again; the new one is not yet posted on their website. I was disappointed to find no vegetarian mains, but they said they could make the mushroom risotto without chicken broth, so I ordered it. Big mistake - apparently all the flavour in the risotto comes from the broth, & the rice was a bit undercooked to boot. Definitely would not recommend this dish. My partner ordered the sirloin which he said was quite good, but overpriced compared to similar meals he's had in Calgary. I let him pick the sides for me to share with him, so ended up with truffle fries & wild mushrooms (I know, I had a meal of mushrooms & starch - so shoot me!) There was no truffle oil evident on the fries, in look or taste. They were basic thick beefeater style, & not very crispy. Very disappointing. The wild mushroom side was highly flavorful but probably a bit salty for most people's taste buds. I like salt, so I enjoyed them a lot. So, I don't think I will eat a meal here again, but may choose to stop in for a glass of wine on the patio some day, & maybe give the cheese plate a try to share. Generally I expect more for this price range, however. I will give them credit for treating us very well, despite the fact we were apparently underdressed for the venue. When I return, I will pull a blazer out of my closet first. Completely not accessible - stairs everywhere.
4_star ???? Lobster combo
3_star friendly service, yummy chimichurri, but somehow just didn't live up to the high ratings this got. We miss our "El Ché" argentina restaurant in Guadalajara! But we liked their chimichurri! My hubby said the steak was good enough but not impressive. Might come back, maybe.
3_star This is not a New York bagel shop. It is not a Miami Beach bagel shop. I have too little experience with bagel chains to compare this one with the others. But, lacking access to New York bagels or Miami bagels, these are not bad. More important, I want to say, the shop always appears clean and the servers (come to think of it I am not sure I have ever seen the same person there twice) are always friendly and efficient. So, kudos to Bruegger's Bagel Bakery in Cornelius.
5_star A halmark of delicious mexican food, if you haven't had it, you owe it to yourself to try try it!!
3_star Food is not as consistant but its alright for a quick lunch. Service is so-so. Food is not worth the bad service! Lol
3_star Went here with my boyfriend because we wanted serious Italian food and a romantic atmosphere. When we got there, it was jam packed even though it was 9:30. Our reservation was for 9:45 and they didn't keep us waiting for long although the waiting area was non-existent so people were packed up against the walls and the stairs. But they posted all the pictures of celebrities that had dined there so that entertained us for about 10 minutes. The lady who brought us to our table and our waiter wasn't super friendly like they might be at chucky cheese but as humble students, we didn't really care. One might consider it snobby but we didn't really think so. We ordered a beef appetizer to share that came with rocket and cheese. Then for the main course, my boyfriend had the scallops with a side of linguine and I had the appetizer sized pasta with salmon and asparagus. I'm glad I ordered the appetizer size because the main portion would've been too big. My pasta was delicious even though it wasn't extravagant. Texture of the pasta was good and the sauce wasn't too heavy. My boyfriend loved the scallop. It was crispy on the outside but soft on the inside. Even the plain linguine had a good flavor. Then, because I'm a sucker for dessert, we ordered the dessert daily special to share which was a nutella tart. It was AMAZING (although it would've been better with ice cream). My biggest problem with this restaurant was that it was too noisy. Granted, it was a Saturday night and there's nothing a restaurant can do about noise but if you're looking for a quiet romantic spot, this isn't the best place to go. At least not on a Saturday. The price was a tad expensive considering what they were serving wasn't THAT superb but if you want solid, tasty Italian food and want to get dressed up for an evening, this place isn't a bad idea. We probably won't come back here again considering we're living on a university student budget but it was a novelty experience. I recommend you make a reservation.
4_star Food is good, but it's VERY busy and loud, so single or double patron will likely need to share a big table with multiple patron. One of my favorite is their BBQ with rice / BBQ with noodles. I love their congee too! Reviewed during: Mon - Fri Lunch time, Sat/Fri breakfast Service Speed: 4.5 / 5 Cooking speed: 4.5 / 5 Food Quality: 5 / 5 Food Quantity: 5 / 5 Price: 5 / 5 (not expensive) Cleanness: 4 / 5 Repeat: Yes
5_star Pros: Environment, Staff, Gelatos, Salads, Soups... Cons: Not having a location in Buffalo, NY :) Is it a good restaurant for kids? Yes Is it good choice for big groups? No Is the parking lot enough to accommodate the customers? No parking lot After a long drive to Toronto, ON. We saw this small place and beautiful very near of our hotel. It was around 7:10pm when we arrived and the place was empty. Maybe because it is Sunday night. But is an injustice, places like this deserves to be always crowded. The service was very friendly and nice and the salads and soups did not take so much time to arrive. Almost all the sits you can admire the park, because the restaurant windows are very huge. My wife asked for a lentils soup and Cesar salad, I just asked for the Cesar salad. Overall, the salad was fantastic and my wife loved the lentils soup too. After, I went for my main event of the night: the gelatos. Oh the gelatos! They are the best in North America that I had until now. The Ferrero Roche is the top one. This is the kind of place that worth to leave a diet. Nice people and food. Congratulations to G for Gelato and Espresso Bar. You made my night happy today!
1_star Food was good but the customer service is worse than a seedy vegas strip club giving happy endings in the back. I don't know where these people were raised or come from but they need some training or get out of the service industry. You're location is in a city that businesses come, go and be re-branded with a quickness. I don't know what's wrong when you want to rush out a patron who is paying for you and your family to live out the door when they are walking to the WC. Then these dreads who trying to run a business chain double charged my credit card intentionally not by mistake because you don't want the likes of me in your establishment, fraudulent/money stealing sneaks I will be reporting you. The nerve to be discriminatory.
4_star This place still rocks for happy hour which now runs from 5-11pm daily. The Kobe beef burgers are only $2 and the Roka hamachi serrano chili rolls and butterfish tataki are both amazing. Kirin and sapporo are $5 for a small bottle, $8 for a large.
4_star Since I usually get off work late, I get pretty hungry and most places close before so I don't get much choices as to what I can consume to satiate my hunger. Heard from a friend that there was this awesome 24/7 noodle place called magic noodle and from his tone of voice, it was an awesome place to go to. Tonight I decided to go and was pretty satisfied. Ordered a large beef brisket hand pulled noodles (for only 8.99) which was super delicious and had a good consistency. What I didn't like however was their pork liver with soy sauce. It was super super dry to the place into where I had to take an immediate drink of water after each bite. Other than that this place is very nice! Will definitely come back to try out their other noodle dishes!
2_star papa nickels was 1 of me fav pizza stores in town n me mouth wood SALIVATE over der delish pizzas cuz they were me fav...NOT NOW!!! i hope sum1 reads dis review cuz they get very snippy on da fone when u call dem!!! i called dem cuz they said they wood deeleaver me pizza twenty mininuts EARLY even doe i order it 4 a specific tyme...I HAD 2 TALK 2 3 PEEPS AT PAPA GLAZE NICKLES!!! i had 2 listen 2 all of dem interrupt me n then listen 2 da nice killer guitar songs when they put me on hold. I LIKED THE MUSIC BUTT DID NOT LIKE TALKING TO THE PEEPS!!!! if u call dem cuz they won't look at ur delivery tyme request, save urself sum tyme n just ask 4 da guitar songs. da songs is da only reason they get more than 1 star. 2/5 stars in da nite sky, wood recommend!!!
1_star I don't have much positive to say about this establishment. We were SO EXCITED to get a Top Golf. It is such a disappointment. They're unorganized, the wait times are ridiculous and the service SUCKS! I don't forsee them getting much repeat local business. Management needs to step their game up and reset some expectations with their staff. This is such a waste of a beautiful establishment. It could be so much better. We're not coming back and we're not referring anyone here.
5_star A group of us were attending a conference in the Lake Norman area and were looking for a place to eat that was opened after 9pm and could accommodate a party of 25. I was very pleased that Smoke Modern BBQ quickly seated us, service was excellent, and the food was good. My husband and I order the 4 meat combo platter which included ribs, brisket, pulled chicken and pulled pork. Everything was cooked perfectly. As an appetizer, we order smoked wings and devilish eggs. I like "smokey" flavored foods so the wings were as I expected and good. If you don't like smoked foods, then do not order the wings as they were extra smokey. If you like spicy sauces, they have a Carolina and a Texas BBQ sauce that were very tasty. Our sides included mac and cheese, beans and cole slaw. All of those items were good. To finish the night, we had the brownie dessert and it was very moist and good. The portions are very large as we took home much of the food. The sweet tea was not too sweet which is the way that I like it. I would definitely eat here again.
2_star Service was good. Friendly staff. The only complaint i have is they had Mac n cheese for one of thier 8 soups that they promote. Mac n cheese is not a soup. The other soups were mostly broth so sn additional soup would have been nice.
4_star The nachos and sweet potato fries were excellent. The fires had a slight sweet cinnamon taste. The beef on the crispy nachos was killer, but the cheese was a little processed tasting. They're not huge portions, but enough for the two of us for a light dinner. Eating in the outside patio at sunset was nice.
4_star Love this place! I go here after my workouts to "treat" myself. Their pizzas are all amazing, each 10"s and each low in cals (250-300ish). Also try their tofu fries! Very tasty and also super low in calories. If you're trying to watch your waist but still crave some comfort type foods (and more), this place is the place to go! (Also gluten free, vegetarian/vegan/raw friendly - major plus!)
5_star Learned about the establishment by chance. I went to the Craig location and was blown away by the quality of the poke. I was so stoked when I learned that they have a South location. The customer service is superb and you can sample all the different poke. Personally I like the spicy ahi poke, salmon with special sauce. This is definite must try
4_star Always happy with the service that is offered here, not to mention the food is awesome and the servings are insane! I don't think I've ever left this establishment dissatisfied both in quality of service and the quality of their food! Thank you!!!
2_star Disappointing overall. Especially for the prices. We went for dinner and ordered a pre fix special. I asked for a minor change, and even offered to pay for it, and was told no. I don't remember if it was a request to switch dessert or change a side to veggies, but I was surprised by the response. The place looks nice. Decent food, nothing memorable. The worst part was the iced tea. It was watered down with little fresh tea flavor. We've only been the one time so maybe this was an anomaly. For these prices, though it's going to be difficult to try again.
3_star The menu here is stock standard fare. Perfectly ok but not inspiring. Same old menu template. I had the rack of ribs which were great. Major problem was that our server wanted to go home (at 7:30 pm!!!!!!) so we were rushed the whole way. Guys-screw that. When I go to a restaurant I don't give a fig about your staffing schedule. Don't rush me. I can cook. I come out for a relaxing experience. If I wanted a soup kitchen I'd go to one. You messed that up. But to be fair, this was one time. I'll try you again as it might have been bad luck.
5_star My husband and I only come here when Rory is working! We love the food, but more importantly the great service and friendliness from Rory!
1_star How this place is still open is beyond me. Service is horrendous even though no one is in the restaurant. I stopped in for a beer with some friends, sat in the bar area and it took around 15 mins for our first pitcher to come to us ... we may have been the only other table at the bar. Couple at the table next to us sent back their food two or three times. Don't waste your time with this place.
4_star Food and service are excellent! The restaurant is charming and we will definitely return. The menu is so inviting, I'm making a reservation for May and taking a friend for her birthday, so we can try more of the wonderful offerings. Our server was delightful and efficient. She easily answered every question and always came to the table with a friendly smile and attitude. The only reason I did not give Arcadia a 5-star rating, is that the tables for two are too small, too small for the healthy array of food that two people order!
2_star I placed a delivery order for a work event for 40 people. When the food arrived I was very disappointed of the portion sizes in comparison to the cost. $450 worth of Chinese food, you would expect leftovers but we barely made 1 plate each. In speaking with the restaurant rep, she assured me that they would figure out what was needed to accommodate this group size (as they have catered parties of up to 400 people), well the rice and noodle dishes came in 10 person portions (confirmed by the driver) along with the meat dishes. I don't feel that what we received for the price was worth it and I wouldn't recommend ordering from this restaurant for a party. The food tasted decent, but I'm not a Chinese Food expert and was told by a Chinese colleague that it was just ok.
1_star Really 0 stars except for the great view. Pulled pork completely awful, it was served cold even when I returned it to be warmed up. The pork was drowning in overly sweet sauce, I've had better from street festivals. The ceviche tacos had an okay taste but water was just dripping out of the fish-so weird. The manager came out to ask what the issue was at least, apologized and offered us coffees- which they then charged us for!! The service was slow although friendly but they got our simple orders wrong. If you're a decent cook at home pack a picnic and eat at sugar beach there's nothing special here. They're likely still open due to the great location and the patio. I'll be shocked if they make it through the winter. Small overpriced portions- don't bother.
3_star The food is yummy, but the self serve style and the personality of the employees leave a lot to be desired. There is only 1 salad station and it gets congested at lunch.
1_star My husband and I tried Wildfish Seafood Grille during AZ Restaurant Week. Upon first walking in, we were very impressed with the atmosphere and we were quickly seated at a very nice booth. We are always looking for good seafood in the Phoenix area, so we were excited to try this restaurant. Our waiter provided excellent service and was very attentive (which was what the one star I gave was for). For AZ Restaurant Week, the meals are supposed to be either $33 or $44, and I believe most are $33. However, it was $44 at this one, which brought our standards higher - we were expecting a fabulous meal, but what we got was only mediocre at best and not at all worth the price. We both ordered the Hong Kong style sea bass, based on the waiter stating that it was the best thing on the Restaurant Week menu. However, it was noted on the menu that if you chose this particular entrée, there was an extra $10 charge. I'm not sure why that would be...I had never seen an "add on" charge like this on a restaurant week menu. The Sea Bass was just OK and definitely NOT worth $54!! At Chart House (which we love), they charge only $36 on their REGULAR menu for Chilean sea bass! So how does Wildfish Seafood Grille justify charging $20 MORE during restaurant week, which is supposed to be more of a deal?! I understand that you also get an appetizer and dessert for that price, but still, this was WAY overpriced. Now IF it was to die for and the best sea bass we've ever had (or even 2nd or 3rd place), then I could say it was worth it and understand the cost. We were expecting that kind of quality based on the waiter's recommendation. But it was nowhere near that kind of quality. The appetizer of salt and pepper shrimp was also average. The best part of the meal was the bread. We will definitely not be going back here as we felt totally ripped off as we walked out.
3_star Ordered Mr. Jim's for the first time. Mostly enjoyable minus the greasiness of the pizza as well as our Cin Stix. It leaked through the boxes, had to have newspaper under to protect our counter. It was so unbearable we had to set each slice on a paper towel so we didn't just eat grease. It didn't appear to be from the cheese or pepperoni, I have never seen such a greasy bottom of a pizza. Once the grease was soaked out, it was a delightful pizza. The Cin Stix were equally greasy though so I can't figure out what the deal was. Plan to give it another try, for the price, and vicinity to our home.
3_star Cool place to go to between flights. I'm starting to feel like an airport food connoisseur. This place is more like a bar though. What I really liked about it is that after 10 minutes, I forgot I was in an airport. I took the Mac n cheese with the kale salad. Kale is my new obsession, in this case it brought this element of freshness that would have made the Mac N Cheese too heavy. Overall good experience.
4_star You people are crybabies. This place is more like a Carl's Jr. where you order at the register and the food is brought out to you. It's not a 4-star restaurant so quit complaining about the silverware and paper plates. It was not difficult at all to cut the waffle with a plastic knife. Not like you a have to be a ninja to master a plastic knife. On to the review; The food was pretty good. Ordered a waffle with strawberries, blueberries and chocolate chips with a side of eggs, bacon and a hash brown. Food was good and came out quick. Staff greeted us the moment we walked through the door. Yes I had to get my own coffee, but come on, some consider that an inconvenience? It was one more step than getting my coffee at Starbucks where the only difference there is they pour it for you. So can't complain about that either. By the way, the coffee was good too. Overall, good experience and I would come back again.
1_star I have been here before and the service wasn't too good. They forgot about some of the stuff we ordered, but today we were not even served. We got seated but no server and a couple that got seated 10mins after us were served before us. The place wasn't even that busy.
4_star Great place, the staff are prompt and friendly, they have a great selection of craft beers and the food is off the hook. The Calamari Burger was one of the best things I've ever eaten. Prices are average (which can still be too expensive for me some of the time haha) and the clientele ranges from hipsters to business people. It's a casual place with no dress code but a HUGE step up from a lot of Danforth restaurants. My only complaint is their seating. With two long cafeteria tables and one group table at the back you would think they have plenty of space, however on a busy night (Thursday, Friday, Saturday) it's impossible to be seated if you bring more than 4 people. My friends and I waited with a group of 9 for 45 minutes because they were "waiting for the big table to open up". Totally understandable, however, during that time they were seating smaller groups of 2-4. I feel as though they could have pushed a few tables together to accommodate us. We all had one drink at the bar then left for a larger establishment.
5_star I love the place. Was a bit hesitant at first but friends recommended it, and it turned out to be quite good. They even have a few choices for those that aren't into Asian fare.
4_star Great "biker bar". Smaller--but that's good. Cool folks.. pool table, jukebox (with great tunes, thanks to Bruce). You'll usually see at least 4-5 Harley's out front. I ride my Blackbird there and haven't gotten into a fight yet so it's not too crazy. The food is pretty decent, considering. Cheap beer. It's no Hyde Park but is a great place to go when you've been on the bike or just want to have a burger & beer. Well if you're on the bike then just a burger.
2_star seriously guys fix your website, havent been able to order a pizza online in over a month
2_star I hate paying for food that isn't good. Nice vibe but that's what you're paying for! Food is just ok.
1_star Not bad food, but did take out andwhen phoning to complain about the half dozen small cubes of butter chicken swimming in sauce, the young punk on the phone was not accommodating and plain rude. Never going back
3_star Tried to call in a to-go order around five, was told I couldn't do a to-go order till at least eight thirty. A little disappointing for how much I love this place, and how excited I was for it to be so close to my house. If I can't order a pizza for pickup when I'm wanting dinner, what's the point in doing take-out?
2_star I ate at this restaurant back in July. I have no intention of going back. The service was horrible, it took almost 20 minutes just to be served our drinks. We ordered the chicken brochette plate, and although the portions were quite big, the quality was lacking. The chicken was bland, the 'greek salad' (if you even want to call it that) was soggy iceburg lettuce, a few pieces of un-ripened tomato and a dash of feta crumble. Considering the cost is $15 or more a plate, the quality should be so much better. If you are looking for tasty greek food at a reasonable price, this is not the place.
4_star This place is great and very traditional mexican, people in our neighborhood are just limited to mexican food choices. I used to live here and now live in California and trust me most of these menu items are authentic. The new salsa unfortunately has been changed and is not as good but hey at least they are Midwesterners here and add cheese to your meals because I do miss that from authentic mexican.
4_star Such a cute place. Really hope it doesn't go out of business. Definitely a "hidden" gem. Great service. Met the GM - he was super friendly and welcoming. Our server was upbeat, pleasant and answered all of our questions. They have an amazing happy hour. Half off apps and great drink specials. Their house margarita (on the rocks with salt) is deceivingly strong and delicious. They have the only tequila tap in the United States!!Their apps are awesome. The wild mushroom tamale is ridiculous. Highly recommend. The ceviche is amazing especially if you're a fan of lime. And their carne asada plates are impressive. Basically if you're looking for some gourmet Mexican food (I know that sounds lame, but it's true) and some great drinks, give this place a try.
1_star Got my iced tea and then waited for over an hour with no service. Left without eating, and will not return. Thanks for nothing.
2_star I went yesterday to watch the Chicago and Houston football game with some friends. I arrived after they have finished eating, but the food left on their plates did not appealing. So, I ordered a Long Beach Tea, which is similar to the Long Island but instead they put a splash of cranberry on top. I liked that drink, but the waitress did not come back with my change (after I gave her a $20.00). When she finally arrived back to the table, I had to remind her that I gave her a $20.00 a needed my change, she apologized. I must say, that that type of stuff does happen especially when a place is busy. For food I went to enjoy slices at the two pizza restaurants just around the corner (see reviews) At the end of the game they switched some of the tvs over to 80s videos, which is throughly enjoyed and started to do my signature Sexy Robot move to! I do not think I will be back. I will just check out El Hefe next time. Cheers
1_star Service is bad . Place is virtually empty and they have not taken our order. Been here 20 minutes. Bad bad bad. Menu is very limited
1_star Got the ahi tuna with shoyu sesame sauce, seaweed salad & ginger.....way too sweet for my pallet & defeated the "healthiness" of the bowl..hurt my stomach a little. Regret not taking that drive to poke express instead. Well at least now I know.
5_star Thank you Yelpers! My family of 4 ate here while visiting Clifty Falls. Burgers are great! Made with angus beef. They are small so you may want to order 2 or 3. The onion rings were awesome. Not greasy and an even coating of coating. Milkshakes were super thick and yummy. Service was spot on, quick and friendly.
5_star I come here all the time. I live in Las Vegas and this is my go to Italian restaurant. They have a great happy hour at the bar and have a great view of the pool and a cute room with tons of old pictures. The ambiance is amazing and the service is top notch.
2_star waited for 40 minutes. food was average and bubble tea was too sweet. Dining space is too small and parking is difficult to find during peak hours.
5_star We always make our way here when we visit Vegas. Never disappoints, always delicious and plenty of food for everyone. Server was nice and attentive.
5_star A young man named Devon waited on myself and my family his service was exceptional. Prompt friendly and professional at all times that being said the food was great lobster tail French onion soup and a perfectly cooked steak. I'd order the food to go anytime but Devons service will keep me coming back as often as possible.
5_star This place is perfect--I love the unique combinations. The crust is awesome, chewy, not greasy or too thick. It has a great flavor-almost like a sourdough. Finally a crust worth eating. The toppings are super fresh and just the right amounts. Even the sauce is great. The guys that work there were really helpful, and being able to order by the inch as opposed to by the slice or a whole pizza allows you to try more than 1 type (Perfect for those of us who are indecisive) and people who can't power down a whole pie. They also have a huge gelato selection (I recommend the butter pecan!) and cappuccino. It is hidden in there by Powder and Sun and Massage Nirvana (by Peace/Ft Apache). Great product, great prices great service--A triple threat and I really hope this one stays around. We really need more than the big 3 (PH, PH, D) to choose from without paying 25 dollars for a small pizza just to avoid a chain
4_star Good place for a very nice dinner. We went for an anniversary and they really impressed us! Guys, make sure they know it is your anniversary when you make the reservation.
1_star DO NOT GO HERE!!! If there was a minus 5 star I would have put that. Seriously they are gypsies here...you order sushi for take out.... They send you with some panko filled rice and drizzle oyster sauce to make it look like eel roll. Warning they use the WORST quality fish too!
3_star I don't understand the high star reviews. This place is OK at best. The beef sharwma is not what I usually I'm am used to...its basically not.. Service is OK..they forgot my water even though I was the only customer lol. One girl is polite and pretty :)
2_star I don't know how this place continually rates four and five star reviews. I feel generous giving them two stars. The service was poor although the waitress was friendly. The food came out before the salads. I ordered the jambalia on the waitress recommendation. It was obviously old and reheated. Very little flavor but touched up with some spices and liquid smoke not very appealing in flavor or presentation. We also had to gumbo as an appetizer very average at best. Even the garlic bread was poor Walmart rolls and cold, not something you expect when you are out to dinner. Seriously how do you mess up garlic rolls? Truth is we tried this place on the strength of the reviews on this site. I'm sure most of these reviews are fake. People can't possibly like crappy food that much to give it five stars.
1_star I used to love this place before new management took over. Food quality has seemed to go down since then. I was there last week around lunch and had some pretty poor quality sushi. Definitely not worth the $18.99 I spent. This isnt even why I decided to rate this place. It was when I went to use the washroom at the end of my meal that i decided how awful it really is. There was mice feces all over the sink. If they can't bother to clean that up, I can only imagine the care they put into their food. AVOID
2_star I was wondering why this place was nearly empty, but not for long. Their AYCE menu is split up into three categories. Nevada (~$15.99) has the basics of KBBQ: beef brisket, pork belly, marinated chicken, and a few other meats. Vegas (~$19.99) and the last option (~$23.99) offer more protein goodness like beef tongue, spicy marinated meats, and large intestine. You can't go wrong with any of them, really. It's meat. Kimchi, sliced fish cakes, bean sprouts, broccoli, marinated jalapeños, and potato salad make up their banchan. Pretty standard quality and flavor. Wish that I got to try their steamed egg though. They don't have rice paper, so you can either chow down on salad or order rice. Service was inconsistent considering that my coworkers and I were some of the few diners that evening. They would bring the meats and banchan out quickly, but didn't respond to our repeated requests for water. I know we're in the desert and all, but should we really have to ask several times? Even when the water pitcher was finally brought over, the eight of us drained it before the ice had a chance to melt. Despite being able to hear our voices echo in the sheer emptiness, our simple requests went unheard. Their food is decent, but can't make up for the poor service.
5_star Part of my birthday trifecta! Delicious. Especially the cornbread and applesauce! They will give you $10 towards your meal on your birthday! It's been an annual tradition for years!
3_star Good burgers, but the menu lacks. Would be great to see more options. Love the pickle bar : )
3_star Ballantyne location: Oh, woe is me. What have they done ? Why? This place was a solid 5 stars, but now I have to lower it to 3 stars due to management stupidity. In a serious lack of judgement, Viva Chicken has eliminated some of its most interesting and delicious menu items. Gone is the spectacular Maracuya Mousse, the amazing flavor depth and complexity of the Tallarin Saltado, the surprising Chocotejas with their mixture of chocolate, caramel and pecans are soon to disappear. And the Huancaina! A Peruvian Specialty. How and why would you eliminate this classic dish? It seems like Viva Chicken has opted to go the way of mediocrity and removed many of the dishes which those of us seeking a true ethnic experience have been enjoying. We were visiting this restaurant from SW Charlotte at least twice a week and spending a substantial amount of money each visit. I can assure you we won't be visiting often unless these amazing items return. Very sad turn of events, indeed. Guess I'm going back to Genaro's ...sigh.
3_star Yes! This is a fantastic bar! Our bartender was awesome & very knowledgeable about beer, the food was good, and they have a great variety of beer. Very nice, relaxed setting. If you're debating where to go, go here. ... Since my first review I've been back twice. Both times the services was really really bad. This makes me sad, but I've crossed them off my list; service is too hit or miss.
2_star This is the first time I've been to a Laredo's in quite some time and my first visit to this Laredo's location. Unfortunately, it confirmed my general feeling that the quality of the food at these restaurants has declined in recent years. The first impression arrived in the form of brown, overcooked tortilla chips. I ate two. Next, I was in the mood for a lighter lunch, so I ordered the tortilla soup. The dish arrived topped with oily tortilla strips and big, dense chunks of cheese that reminded me of paneer and really did nothing to enhance the dish. After a cursory taste, I removed the toppings. The broth was okay but not great, and the vegetables were overcooked. My dining partners were similarly unimpressed. This is sad, because Laredo's was my favorite Mexican place when I first moved to Madison. The last several visits have netted sub-par food. Not to mention that I live in DeFo now, and Aranda's is just around the corner. (If you want really good Mexican food at a friendly, family-owned place, I'd suggest going there.)
2_star Me and my wife came in for breakfast an it was a good deal and the food tasted wonderful but we waited 10 minutes for the waitress to bring our drinks. Then when she finally brought them she said she would be back to take our order. 10 minutes later arrived apologizing for the wait. After that our food came out promptly and everything went smooth. I recommend there 5.99 all you can eat pancakes!
4_star For an overall experience, I would give this place 4 stars based on a combination of happy hour and regular items. You definitely need to get the lobster rolls. They don't skimp out on the amount of lobster meat inside the rolls. The coleslaw is fresh and the buttery rolls complement the juicy and flavorful lobster chunks. The beer pairing for the lobster is Blanche de bruxelles and complemented it very well. It reminds me of a more subtle Blue Moon which has no aftertaste at all. For a smaller than pint serving at 14.00, you should definitely hit this place up for happy hour where all their beer selections are 1/2 off. They have an extensive list of beers to choose from. The footloong dog is huge and comes with chili and onions for an additional 2.00. It can easily be shared between two people. I've had better hotdogs at Nathan's. The sliders are exactly what you get. The lobster rolls are definitely worth making a visit for.
5_star There is no doubt that Otto's is a great, classic, establishment. I have met a number of outstanding, classy, sophisticated, women in the lower level bar. Bartenders are absolutely excellent. The bar menu is outstanding & features quality items (not your routine "Bar Food"). Upstairs, where the true spirit of Otto's really shines. By far, the finest dining experience on the West side of Madison. Quite often I drive by and don't stop, simply because I'm "under-dressed" (Blue Jeans). Honestly, take a date for drinks and Appetizers in the lower level. If the date is going well...take her upstairs to demonstrate your level of sophistication.
1_star Absolutely terrible. The Flavored Sake tastes like a moscato you could buy at Walgreens. The service was rude and pushy. The meal itself was mediocre compared to the price. In short, the service was absolutely terrible. If you want a meal ruined by the service, then come here. If you want a real meal and good service, GO SOMEWHERE ELSE. DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME AND MONEY.
2_star Great selection of beers, especially if you know what real beer is and want something other than Amstel Light and Budweiser. Lots of TVs, you can watch the game from every seat. The food is what makes me only give them 2 stars, since I was completely starving when we got there and was disappointed when I could not even eat my meal. I ordered the Napolitano flatbread that had so much dang truffle oil it was all I could taste for the rest of the day. I am all about truffles, but it is supposed to be used sparingly for more reason than just because it is expensive. It also has a very, very strong taste that just sticks to your tongue! So I left there buzzed from all the Arrogant Bastard, but still hungry and stinking like garlic and truffles.
4_star Nice local place to go for Vietnamese food. I usually get the noodles with soup or the pork pho. Reasonable prices and very quick and friendly service.
3_star It was OKAY but not True True Cuban Food. Just moved from Miami Florida and being Cuban American my husband and I know real Cuban food. No Cuban bread it's French bread. Very over priced. But it wasn't too bad.
2_star I had a craving for a salad, read some Yelp reviews, and liked the idea behind the concept of giving back. Wasn't expecting a wait that was well over a half an hour at a sandwich/salad type place though. This was my first visit. I placed my order, it was busy but it was also close to 1PM so to be expected. I opted to do take-out since most of the seats were full. However, after standing for about 15 minutes it was obvious that the seats were full of people waiting for their food...one woman who complained to the management had waited for an hour! While I can't say for sure how long my wait was, when I took a seat after standing it was at least 30 minutes before my order was ready. I told the young lady who gave me my order and simply said "thanks for waiting" that this was my first visit, and if it was always this busy. She said no, that they had a catering event that caused the delay. I replied that it was well over a half hour wait though, and she just gave me a look and a "yeah I know." My salad was good, and I will try this place again since it is very close and I believe you should give more than one chance to a new restaurant. However, if you know that you are making customers who come into your establishment wait this long for their food, you may want to alert them when they order to be more proactive. Or maybe a "I'm sorry you had to wait so long, we appreciate your business. Here is a cookie for your troubles and I hope you visit us again," might be a better response than "yeah I know." Not cool.
3_star I came here for the Christmas holiday dinner buffet with my husband and found it way too overpriced. The price for the holiday dinner buffet was much higher than the standard $50/person. First there was a 2-hour wait time for the dinner buffet, and because we didn't want to wait that long we paid an extra surcharge for the separate VIP-ish line that was much shorter. Our total came to about $200 with tax and tip. When we got into the buffet, we were overwhelmed with all the food, but to be honest much of the food tasted only average or mediocre. Maybe this was because the buffet was packed with so many people during the holiday season, but everything was just a waste of my money. Nothing really stood out, many of the dishes could be found elsewhere, the food stations were relatively dirty with scrap food lying around, and overall, it was too hectic in there. The fresh seafood station was always empty because people took way too many at one time and the chicken and waffles...everyone took the chicken but not the waffles so there were lonely waffles laying around with no chicken. I'm not going back and I prefer Wicked Spoon!
3_star The food was delicious and the atmosphere was bright and relaxing. The mimosas are made from fresh squeezed oranges. If you like pumpkin then go for the pumpkin cheesecake pancakes. Yum! The only reason I didn't rate this place higher was because of the cleanliness (or lack thereof). On a not-so-busy Tuesday morning, we were sat next to an unbussed table that remained that way through our entire meal. The outdoor couches needed a good wipe and the fixtures were void of any light bulbs giving the space a very unfinished look. The restrooms were also in need of attention and they always say the cleanliness of a restaurant's restroom is an indication of the cleanliness of its kitchen. Just a listing sprucing up would make the experience much more pleasing.
3_star It's ok. It's always noisy when I go there. The wine by the glass is limited, and one of the two Chianties they serve is below average. Beer selection is fine. Service can be a little slow, so don't if in a hurry. I've had a few of the non pizza dishes and I'm not really sure how to describe them except for not much sauce and piled high with a mystery meat. Stick to the pizza.
4_star Overall, I'm giving this place 4 stars but the tonkotsu ramen deserves 5 stars by itself. I loved the flavor of the soup and how the noodles were cooked just right. My brother and bf were hesitant to go because they've had not so good ramen before but both of them loved the ramen they ordered (tonkotsu and shoyu). My brother loved it so much, he went again 2 days later. I'll definitely be going back again and again for the ramen! And next time, I'll try the extra toppings..but it says a lot about the flavor of the soup when I loved it plain the way it came. So why the 4 stars? We also ordered kimchi fried rice and the dumplings. The dumplings were ok, nothing special about it. It came slightly burnt and were all stuck together. The kimchi fried rice was ok too, but more sour than the normal ones I've had. Stick to the ramen and you'll love this place!
1_star Can't figure out quite what the meat tastes like, definitely not beef. They can't seem to put the burgers together right cheese off to the side sometimes sauce sometimes not and yet these people want $15 an hour when they can't do their job as they're supposed to. If they want better money maybe they should get a better education and get a real job.
2_star Moving from San Francisco, perhaps I was dumb to think a city bigger than that from which I came could suffer to deliver a pizza after midnight on a weekend night. I must be insane right! Yes, they are open util 3 am, but stop delivering on FRIDAY at 10:30pm? Huh!? Someone recommend me a pizza place that is there when I actually need them.
1_star I had heard some good things from someone I know - after my experience there this weekend and checking back with that person it appears they had been coming here a while. Apparently they no longer go here often anymore because of how overcrowded it is now. They are now charging a $5 cover for guys - which covers exactly nothing because there is no live music. Rather than switch to "one in, one out" the owner just lets in as many people that show up. It was literally impossible to move upstairs and not much better downstairs. Good luck getting a drink. I can't speak to the staff but had a brief interaction with the owner and he was one of the rudest people I have ever met. Talking down to people and acting like it was a gift to be allowed in the bar. Charlotte has too many good places to visit to waste time/money here.
2_star I am giving Vine two stars because the atmosphere was great and the food, once we received it was good. We had a reservation for Mother's Day so we expected it to be busy and a little slower. What we experienced was terrible service and a restaurant that was completely unprepared. We started out good and ordered drinks and an appetizer for the table. Some drinks arrived but we were told they were out of the appetizer. We then ordered our food and noticed my parents never received their water. We asked for their water and then after a reasonable amount a time a server came out and put a plate in front of my mother. It was what she ordered. Another server then came a took it away giving it to the table next to us because that is where it was supposed to go. 30 minutes after we ordered our food had not yet arrived. The manager came over and apologized and suggested we order some desserts on the house. The server and manager must not have communicated well because he then came and told us lunch was on them. He was wrong. Our food finally arrived and it was good. We had to ask for several missing items that were never brought out. My husbands water glass was never refilled so he started drinking mine. We waited a long time for them to finally bring us dessert menus. We ordered three desserts for our group of 7 and asked for the check since we were tired of waiting. The server finally noticed my husband needed water and said he would bring it. He never did. Twenty minutes later our server reappeared to tell us they were out of one of the desserts. We said we didn't need any dessert and just wanted the check. It arrived with desserts on the bill as well as three extra beverages that we did not order. The check was finally fixed and we were given two desserts to go for our trouble. I hardly think it was compensation. Lunch took us over two hours. Management should have been more proactive and apologetic.
1_star Probably the most disgusting sushi I ever had in my life. the sushi was way too big and EVERYTHING had too much rice the sushi, the hand rolls and let's just say you shouldn't choose a place where they have French fries, onion rings and sushi in the same menu. The washroom looked like something from a movie where it's been abandoned for decades and hasn't been cleaned. The food was just gross the salmon at the entrance looked fresh but when served it was warm when raw fish should be refrigerated and with lemon to burn all bacteria. After that sushi place my friends and I did not eat for the rest of the day and skipped breakfast for the next day because we felt disgusting. Service was horrible there was a little girl running around and just annoying.
1_star Went this past weekend for a friends birthday. I ordered the shrimp and grits and after the first bite I knew they were day old grits. Ew. If it's 115 degrees outside and you want your Jack Daniels a little chilled, beware. You WILL pay for frozen free water if you request it with "rocks".
5_star Best thai I've had in vegas. Service was good but I had to beg to get extra spicy. As a white guy in touristville I understand the caution. But I was literally like you can't burn me and they were like ok ill have them make it a 3 out of 5. I was like whatever ill just use the spice rack. Great prices awesome authentic thai. I'll be back.
4_star Stopped by on a recommendation from a friend. Had the shredded beef brisket. Absolutely loved it. They did not add sauce to it, but had three sauces in a warmer so you can add our own. This was perfect for me so not too much or to little. Had the Mac and Cheese for a side. It must be loaded with calories since it was super yummy. I will definitely be back.
3_star The cashier, who's name I believe is Nayeli.. was rude & was talking to her friends when I was trying to communicate with her about my food order. Very unprofessional, I have never felt so ignored. But the food was excellent as always. I love their Pollo Sarandeado & fresh guacamole dip!
2_star Don't go if you have kids, they don't have high chairs and don't plan to in the future. Food was pretty good, building was cool, but the hostess, waiter and apparently management made it clear that they didn't want it to be a place where you'd bring kids. It seems like they would want families to come given that they were 90% empty on a Tuesday for lunch.
3_star Food is good. Bar service is bad. Bartender took my glass when I wasn't looking and didn't offer to get another drink (I only had one.). Had to flag her down. Too busy flirting with other bartender. 7 people at bar.
5_star The food is excellent and prices are good. The owners are friendly and they always welcome you with a smile! The Place is spotless, I went to the restroom to wash my hands and I was amazed how clean it was. My son and I, when were on Deer valley we always go there for lunch... The service is very good. We never have to wait long to get our food. I give them a 5-Star rating, because I like everything about this place. Give it a try, you will not be disappointed and the food is GREAT! Roger
2_star I wanted to like this place, I really did. I've been at Paradise Bakeries in other states and they were always decent places to eat, but not this one. S-L-O-W. And expensive for what you get. Their coffee comes from a pump pot. Their tea... they give you a cup and point you to a counter with a hot water tap and some tea bags. If you order a specialty coffee -- allow minimum 15 minutes (one time it took 30 minutes to get one Chai tea.) And it wasn't busy. Workers sort of hanging out, but not taking care of customers, the few customers they had. Been there three times and it's always a frustrating experience. What this place needs is a good dose of supervision, and that's sad in a "Who is John Galt" sort of way. If you're in this area and looking for some good coffee/tea, I recommend you to try Hava Java, about 10-12 minutes away on the NW corner of Camelback & 32nd St. It does get busy, but they have better coffees and teas, and really good service. I discovered Hava Java here on Yelp, and all the user hype was dead on. Their house tea is the best I've ever had.
2_star We stopped in one night and where told they were full the place was empty. I thought it was rather weird but they said we only take reservations. The place looks amazing and I thought it must be worth the wait. A couple weeks later we finally got around to making a reservation. Upon our arrival no one was at the front counter to greet us however what appeared to be 4 waiters talking not even 5 ft away and not one of them would acknowledge us. After a couple of minutes we were finally greeted and seat at the table. The food is so so very bland and over priced for the portion. We need a good local place that will stay around I only hope they can figure it out.
1_star The restaurant is dirty and smells of old food. We were sat down to a table that was sticky and given menus that had food stains on it. It was 90 degrees outside and inside the restaurant wasnt much cooler. We sat for a few minutes and looked around at the lack of other customers and left. Will not be going back to this location until they do some house cleaning.
2_star This location has terrible customer service the last 5+ times I've been here. I love their pizza but it is hard to continue to overlook the service. We called an order in a to go and we ended up waiting an additional 45 mins over the hour we were told it would take to be ready. Nearly two hours for a pizza???? There was no compensation for the wait. I would say it is mismanaged. I used to bring my small dog and sit with her on the patio at lunch but the last time I was here the manager was so rude when he came up to tell us that they were not a pet friendly patio. There were no signs. I thought he was kidding at first. We got our order to go and the manager was just sitting at the bar enjoying his lunch. That does not look good to a customer. Employees should be a little more private about eating in front of customers. This was the last straw combined with the poor customer service. We won't be back to this location.
4_star Food: 4/5 Service: 4/5 Atmosphere: 4/5 All you can eat with pretty good quality meat. My favourites are the beef tongue, chicken knee cartilage and the enoki mushrooms. The beef tongue is thinly sliced, so it doesn't long to cook at all. I just like the texture of the cartilage, probably not for everyone. The enoki mushrooms are served in little tin foil bowls with a good slab of butter, can't g wrong with this. It uses to be more garlicky, but nowadays, there seems to be a hint of honey in it. I don't prefer the sweetness, but didnt stop me from eating out. I also like the pork cheek, but the thinner parts always got burnt for me. Another favourite would probably be the melona popsicle that came at the end. Service: Once we were seated after waiting for almost 2 hours, our server was great. He was efficient and attentative. The hostesses up front were nice, but I felt they were slightly disorganized, or maybe I'm just a little bitter because she told me the wait would be an hour, but it was closer to 2 hours. We did go on father's day at 6pm. We tried to make reservations, but they didn't take any for tables of less than 6. If it wasn't for father's day and I knew the wait was 2 hours , I definitely would have left. It's good food, but not worth the wait in my opinion. Atmosphere: Loud from all the people and grills as expected. Very fun atmosphere. Great for big groups too. The smoke and the smell get into your clothes and hair though, so dress accordingly. Final thoughts: I would go on a weekday when the wait isn't as long and it's cheaper. There's a two hour limit once you put your first order down. They are pretty strict on it, at least on the weekends. They give you a heads up for last call 20 minutes before your time is up. I ate till the very last minute, so I told my popsicle to go :) can't forget that.
4_star Food was delicious!!!! We had the Khao soi with chicken, pad Thai, coconut rice, Vietnamese spring rolls, and tok yum soup. My absolute favourite was the Khao soi, followed by the Vietnamese spring rolls (fried), and then the Tom yum. Everything was very flavourful and the prices were decent for the sizes. The restaurant is very cramped and noisy (not my style), so that's why it loses a star for me. But otherwise, I would come back for the food!
4_star It is what I have come to expect from Whataburger. I realize that I may take FOREVER in the drive-thru line, but that is what they normally do. If you are in a hurry you shouldn't go to Whataburger. They start making your food when you order it, therefore it takes a little longer than other fast food burger joints. The taquitos that I had were really hot and tasted great.
4_star I've been here a few times. The idea of a wafflery is brilliant. Definitely disappointed by their potato waffles, but their regular waffles are great. The big problem with this place is they haven't perfected their sides yet. Hopefully they will.
1_star The staff was very rude - one guy in between, a non native English sppeaking man. I asked him a few uqestiosna dn he asked "what my point was". Not very friendship or helpful
5_star This is a great local restaurant. There's always something new to try on the specialty drink menu it's creative and delicious. We started with a chorizo quesadilla. It was just spicy enough to wake up your taste buds and let you enjoy the flavor. then I had a pear sandwich. Huh, pears? Okay you're more traditional. Try the meatball sub you can't go wrong. Then we finished it all off with a piece of tiramisu the size of my fist. We were going to sit on the patio and see how many cocktails it takes to go from lunch to dinner but there is that thing called a job that I have to go to. Will be back for the food, the drinks, the service, artwork...it's a great place.
2_star This is what I call a classic, "falling for the hype"! I have been wanting to come here for a while now. My first attempt was last year on a gloomy rainy Sunday. My mister and I saw the line's projected wait time to be about 45 mins so we thought we'd try again another day. We went back a year later, this past Sunday. It was just an ordinary place, ordinary food. I personally don't think its worth the wait time (we got in within 30 mins since there was just the two of us) or the drive. It was okay, I just didn't taste what was so special about it. But, its a check mark of my places to try so glad I tried it! We got the mind-blowing chicken sandwich, the cairo classic and the basturma scramble - all of which we thought to be quite salty. They have amazing falafel and the honey-cardommon latte was also very refreshing!
3_star Was at the Cafe Monarch last May and it was a wonderful experience so decided to go back since we were in town again. This time was not so good. When I had reserved I stated a preference for inside but when we got there I was asked if I wanted inside or out. That would lead me to believe they did not bother to read the booking preferences. The soup was overly salty as was the salad dressing. The main courses were fine but I had to remind the waiter to bring me a glass of wine I had ordered. Dessert was fine but not a knock-out. These might be overlooked in a less costly place, but at these prices one does expect a higher standard.
5_star Wonderful little spot, glad I found it! Staff is super friendly and courteous, food was AMAZING, had the crazy 8 with French toast and a blueberry waffle 6/5. Will definitely come back if I'm in the area and would recommend to a friend!
3_star Very hit or miss place. Never had the same service or food quality twice. Solid spot to get bar food. Open late when not many other Fort Mill restaurants are. $2 bottles and cansbeer all day Saturday can't be beat
3_star Restaurant Ethan is your run-of-the-mill quick Chinese restaurant with take-out roasted meats. The environment is clean and service was quick and friendly. Unlike some similar places, this restaurant offers clean plates and cutlery. I ordered the BBQ pork and roasted duck with rice. The BBQ pork was tasty and fatty(not the greatest in the world, but it is okay). The duck was equally as good. Side vegetables included bok choi, and sliced carrots and radish. Where they did disappoint me was the rice. Though cooked right, it was cold on the outside edges (like it had been sitting there with a draft for a while). Price-wise, it is very comparable with other restaurants nearby (under 10$). Overall, this place fulfills all the requirement to be a successful Chinese restaurant. However, located in the center of Chinatown where competition is fierce, it is hard to survive in this environment. Also, their take-out service is also very good. Bring home a variety of roasted meats to your family.
5_star Amazing authentic Ethiopian! This place deserves to be packed since its the only Ethiopian in the city, but even if the were twenty, it would still probably be my favorite. If you want to try a completely new cuisine, this is the place for you.
3_star I agree with most of the other posters - this place is just an upscale version of Aladdin's. I expected there to be slightly more variety between the two. It's possible Taza has different/better entrees, since it's more of a sit-down restaurant, but I've only had mezza items. And they were pretty solid, but identical to Aladdin's. So I think I'd rather just go to Aladdin's and pay less. The space is gorgeous, so I guess I could see it as a good option for a date or something more formal than Aladdin's would provide. The bread is better here. It's not pita bread, don't let them fool you, but it was soft and warm and delicious. Unfortunately I filled up on it waiting for our food. And since we only ordered mezza items, that's a bit disconcerting. The service could have been better. The oil spice mix with the bread was flavorless. Maybe they read these reviews and cut out salt entirely (which was oddly not provided on the table, I noticed). A surprise favorite of mine were the sausages in a cherry sauce. I don't remember what they were called. Spinach pies also quite good. Kibbee and grape leaves were a bit mushy, a problem I've also found at Aladdin's. If they fixed that, I think the flavors are pretty spot on. All in all, I'll skip Taza for Aladdin's. But I understand it serves its purpose for the Eton clientele.
4_star Best margaritas around! The food is all a la cart, which is quite different from typical Mexican fair. Very unique flavors. The place is spotless inside with some nice artwork. Definitely a go-to if you like Mexican!
4_star Choose 2 is the perfect portion size for me! And I get to try out different things on the menu. While quite pricey, and can be replicated at home at a fraction of the cost, its a nice place to spend a few hours with friends catching up, or studying. You are pretty safe ordering most of the items on the menus, except for the mushroom soup. I was under the impression that it was a cream of mushroom soup, but it was far from what I had expected. It was more sour and strange, so I couldn't finish it. Before I ordered, I did ask to confirm that it was cream of mushroom soup, but upon tasting, I think that it had more of a wine base than cream base. Maybe my taste buds are not refined enough, and the soup is actually good? I'm not sure.
5_star Our server Dave was awesome and made our experience perfect. He was so accommodating to our dietary needs and made great suggestions. Our food was delicious and we really enjoyed our meal.
3_star 3.5/5 Artisan Noodle is a very small restaurant located south of Yonge and Finch that can probably sit around 15 people. It is usually packed, so try to come on the off hours if you want to avoid the wait. The Bang Bang Mian was very good. It had a great range of flavours and the texture of the noodles was great. Definitely reminded me of some of the dishes I had when I was in Xi'an a few years ago. I found the Pork Jia-Mo was far too oily - the bun was soggy on the bottom because it was swimming in its own oil. Though it's a relatively cheap dish, so I suppose I can't complain too much about it. The Zha Jiang Mian wasn't as good as the Bang Bang Mian. I found it could have been a bit punchier with flavour. I would come back to Artisan Noodle, but definitely on off hours. Not sure if it's worth lining up for if the wait is going to be more than 20min... especially in the winter. Still a decent place nonetheless.
2_star Wanna be Pink Taco. Bad service at the bar, the manager explained my friends meal at "beef" even though she is a vegetarian and it wasn't that taco. Juke box is a horrible idea. Had to listen to eminem and heavy metal. They send out meals according to when it's ready and prepared so it doesn't get cold in the back, yet it gets cold because you don't want to be rude and start eating without your company having their food. The place itself is very cute and could be really cool, unfortunately I was let down. Save your money and go to chipotle
3_star Corn beef sandwich on St. Patrick's day was weak sauce. No mustard, swish cheese. Dry, chewey and bread tasted straight out a bag. Yuck. Oh yeah. It's now officially a Winking Lizard restaurant. Definitely not impressed.
4_star We saw Local Bistro in the neighborhood and thought it looked inviting so we booked a reservation for dinner. The bar and restaurant were full of people and the atmosphere was lively. We shared a Greek salad which was a great portion for a starter; the flavors were fresh and worked well together. We ordered wild salmon and substituted the saffron risotto. The food definitely deserved 4 stars very tasty but not exceptional. The service was excellent from our waiter, Ryan. Several of the management staff came by to thank us for coming to the restaurant and also brought a complementary dessert which was very good as well. Our only complaint (although hardly worth mentioning) was the very small bit of bread to be shared between two people. All in all we would definitely come back and enjoyed our experience.
3_star The eggs Benedict was great, so was the Bloody Mary. DO NOT GET THE FRENCH TOAST. It's almost the exact same as the $4 Farm Bread. They use the same bread. The French toast did not have a flavor profile and it lacked any characteristic. Service was crap too on a Sunday morning but it was excusable since it also coincided with PITT's 2014 student graduation.
1_star Was sat down and ignored, especially by the waitress with nasal ring who wouldn't bat an eye at us but would brush our table as she served the table practically touching ours. I was starting to think we had died because we were invisible to the servers in this joint. We finally asked to get served and our order was finally taken. We watched everyone who sat down after us leaving as our food finally came. At this point we were beyond hunger and scarfed down the food. We were so upset about the service I couldn't tell you how the food was but good luck on your service.
2_star So just finished an early dinner at Harlem. I tried to go there for Winterlicious but they were always booked so I figured the food must be amazing and I would make it a point to go another time. The restaurant was empty. After 30 minutes the waitress realized they forgot to put our order in. Food was Luke warm when it arrived. No explanation, just sorry for the delay. Had the chicken and waffles, was decent but again not hot. Friend had the meat loaf which was a tad disappointing.
2_star Food was fair but service was horrible! Took an hour to get 2 gluten free pizzas and 2 pastas. Not busy at all yet the waiter never came to our table either before or after food came. When mentioned to him upon receiving the bill his reply was "yeah - it happens!"
3_star The food here is great. I always get the fried cod wrap which is to die for and always end up with the fried ice cream for dessert! Seriously a tradition when both my sister and I are in town. The staff is less than to be desired but the food is worth it.
2_star Overhyped, and overcrowded...there are great restaurants in Phoenix and this is not one of them. To set the tone for the evening, we received a call the afternoon of our reservation informing us that we would be allotted two hours in which to dine. That would have been fine, had it not been for the fact that most of our precious two hours was chewed up by the overworked waiter zooming past us avoiding eye contact. The place is packed and noisy and the staff is impossibly rushed. As for the food...meh. It's Mexican food done in a fancy style, but it lacks any wow factor.
3_star Caveat emptor, this place is perfectly adequate by Ohio Chinese buffet standards, but not for people who consider themselves afficionados of Asian cuisine. The place is clean and they have a pretty large selection of buffet options. As you can read from some other reviews on here, it ranges from mongolian beef and hot & sour soup to pizza and a ham carving station. The staff is all Asian, and one can't be sure if they actually speak any English, or if they have just learned some key words and phrases to do what they need to do for their Midwestern clientele. It's very hard to tell the difference between some of the dishes, like the sticky sweet Sesame Chicken vs the similarly sticky and sweet General's Chicken. Like every other Chinese buffet in Ohio, they feature a dessert section too with odd little petit fours and banana chunks drizzled with some mysterious red sweet syrup. If you decide to eat here, go hungry and adjust your expectations to something less authentic than Panda Express. You may love it, or you may be like me and think "eh, it's a lot of food for not that much money."
5_star Delicious lunch buffet! I hope this new place takes off. Very good food for a good price. I only wish they had their buffett at dinner too. There was an excellent selection and everything we ate was fresh and hot. No complaints!
2_star Did not like the pizza puffs or the garlic bread. Too much cheese in the puffs and the bread was bland. Prices are average as well as the service. Not worth a try... foodwise
5_star My husband and I have been coming here for years (almost every weekend), even when it was known as Cafe Davio. The staff is so friendly and as much as I try to drink my coffee as quick as possible, they make sure my cup is never empty! We noticed they just did a little bit of a food change in some of their menu items (I.e. The breakfast potatoes) and what a difference! The food has always been amazing, but now it's perfect. The breakfast portions are very generous (you will never leave hungry) and always cooked to order. We just love the family-style atmosphere of the place; every time we leave the chef always makes it a point to say good bye to his patrons #steelchef17! This place is truly a gem of the 'burgh.
2_star Nothing special at all. Very bland and overpriced food. Lots of much much better Mexican in the city. Wouldn't bother!
3_star The Saint probably deserves 4 stars but I'm going to reserve that update until I go back for brunch. Came here in March with a group of 10 for a friend's birthday. They had our table ready on time and we were greeted with bread and a request for drink orders promptly which was nice. I had my usual vodka soda and it was not skimpy on the vodka. I wasn't starving that night so I went for the pierogi appetizer as my main dish. It was a nicely presented dish, 4 pierogis generously stuffed with pork belly and cheddar, served with cabbage and an herbed sour cream. It was flavourful but quite greasy, both the outside of the dumplings and the filling inside. I am not a huge pork belly fan (too fatty) so that was probably part of the problem, and my fault completely. The cabbage and sour cream were really delicious. Most of our table ordered the fried chicken with mac and cheese and hot sauce, I had a few bites and it was very tasty. I liked the hot sauce addition a lot, could have been a bit more heavy handed. The mac and cheese was very creamy but could have been a bit cheesier in my opinion. Still, a very nice upscale version of classic comfort food. I am very intrigued by the brunch menu and some of the other reviews so I will be back. The ambiance and the decor of the restaurant I really enjoyed.
4_star I've eaten here ten times now over a period of six months and have had a great experience each time. About 26 bucks for custom made all you can eat sushi. I start with nigiri salmon, yellowtail, toro, maguro and anything else that looks good, so I know the fish going in the rolls is good. The New York girl in Las Vegas roll is unique. the 911 roll is spicy good. The Spider roll is average, the Spicy Tuna roll is above average. Fresh and clean and no fish odor, the way good sushi should be. And steady quality. there is a long wait during dinner usually.
1_star Poor service. Waited too long for our food. Sent it back because it was poorly prepared - was worse second time. Forgotten meals. Talked to the manager and he said "sorry" and scurried away. I worked many positions at a local restaurant and am more forgiving than most - this was unacceptable.
2_star We were so looking forward to a new good place in Henderson. But unfortunately, I doubt we'll be back. The food was very disappointing. We tried various things from salad to appetizers to the creamed spinach and none of it was very good. They need a new chef. Our waiter Michael, however, was fabulous and would give him separately 5 stars.
2_star The ceasar is fantastic! Stick to the appies and dim sum. The mains are over priced. Pretty sure they cut the scallop up three times and charged $23 for it. Huge disappointment.
4_star Mmmmmh that was a good find! I shared a huge steak with a friend and it was HUGE! One thing though, we took foie gras on top and it wasn't good... And I know my foie gras!
3_star In a crappy area but the store was clean when I went inside. They have a sign on the bathroom door to buy something first before using it lol I ordered the cheeseburger and it was good. Big portion for the amount you pay. Cashiers are nice. I'd go here again since it's cheap and good was just didn't liked the area. Really great fries though!
3_star The patio gets 5-stars. It is one of my favorites in Charlotte. It has plenty of shade for eating brunch outside and it is a lovely setting on which to dine. I usually love their brunch but my food on Sunday was not good nor was our service. I had the breakfast pita and I could not eat more than a bite of it, it just tasted really bad. And this was weird based on the fact that some of my favorite foods had gon einto its preparation! Spinach and cucumber sauce, egg and cheese and pita... should be delicious. It was not. Our water and tea glasses were empty the entire meal, and we asked several times for refills to no avail. They do have excellent sangria and a nice wine list. I guess I will stick to my standards: fruit and granola for brunch, hummus and cheese plate for appies with wine. --the scones that are served before the brunch are divine--
2_star Alright so being from Texas I'm used to lots of seasoning, lots of flavor, and lots of heat if things are supposed to be spicy. This sandwich shop lacks all of those things. This was my first shot at local food (I think it's local, that's what I was told), and definitely nothing to write home about. They did have some decent draft beer options but no one in my group of 10 said they would come back. Try another "local" joint if you have an option.
2_star I'm on a burger kick right now, and I added this place to my hit list. Honestly, just thinking about the burger makes my heart hurt a little. I actually went to lunch today at a diff place and opted to NOT have the burger, due to the memory of this burger. BUT I digress. I was a little dismayed to see that most burgers were double patties, but it was okay. I ordered their classic chuck burger, with cheese and bacon. I also made it a combo (and extra $4.50!) For two of us, it came to $33.00! The burger was actually smaller than I expected, but filling. The beef was obviously fresh, but that was about it. It didn't have much of a taste and was suuuuuper greasy. I am not expecting health food when I order a burger like that, but it really was quite greasy. The fries were really skinny, but I liked that they added parsley to it, and that they weren't generic. My bf had sweet potato chip fries, and expressed disappointment that they weren't warm. To sum it up, it's not worth the price and not tasty enough. It wasn't horrible, but I won't be going back.
3_star It's really simple. Great pizza, terrible/rude service. If you care a lot about good service, don't go here. If you don't care, then go here. I order here every once-in-awhile just because the pizza is good, but delivery times are always about an hour, which is really long.
5_star Best Chinese food in Phoenix! I love Chinese food, and I've tried numerous Chinese food restaurants across the valley comparing various dishes. Sun Asian Kitchen is clearly the best. My favorite is the beef egg foo young. The place looks great too. Very friendly staff. I come here as often as I can.
1_star It was one of The Worst Japanese restaurant we ever went to. Sushi was cut paper thin and charging $15 for 2 pieces...they should be embarrassed to even call them self as a Japanese restaurant.
5_star My husband and I were on our way to dine in at the Pizza Hut on charleston and antelope last night, and discovered that it was permanently closed :( we had to find an alternative route fast, as our one year old was hungry and getting cranky. My husband found this place on his phone and the ratings were really good, so we decided that trying something new is always good. wow...the food was amazing! The chicken was cooked perfectly, it was not heavy or greasy and it felt like the perfect amount of food. we ordered the grilled chicken meal with the mac and Cheese and an order of the baked chicken with fries, and just decided to mix and match pieces from each plate. the Mac and cheese was to die for and the sauces were really good as well. We shared a bit of everything with our one year old. He scarfed everything down...he loved it :) Not to forget .....on top of the great food, the service was amazing as well. Jin checked on us twice, and even sat down to talk with us for a little bit. He is the nicest guy and you can tell that he cares how the customers are doing and if they enjoyed their meal. In small restaurants in this town, great service is very hard to find. We were very happy with our choice, and will go back there again in a heart beat. BFG... Keep up the good work!
1_star Rice was undercooked. Seriously, they handle rice for a living and yet no one knew? And the salmon was old. Disappointing. I would've went to 808 Sushi but they don't open for lunch on Sundays......next time I'll stick to 808 Sushi.
1_star Both my mom and I ordered the New slow roasted sliced sirloin and it ended up being tough, chewy, and too rare for us! Our baked potatoes were very over done and we couldn't eat those either. It was difficult to get our servers attention after he brought our food to the table and disappeared so my mom (who is handicapped) flagged down another server who was rude. We then asked to speak to the manager (who was on the phone.) When she finally came out to the hostess station, she said they could cook us something else, but she seemed annoyed and really didn't care, defending her cooks and time potatoes were in the oven. We walked out, without eating or wanting to chance another bad meal. Quality has really gone downhill and my husband and I used to rave about their steaks. And, my mom (who doesn't eat out much) was so disappointed after our experience at this location.
1_star Loved this place until they changed the menu, use to go to the queen east location, but was excited when a Etobicoke location opened, because it's closer to me, went a few times when it first opened and it was just a good as the Queen east location, but sadly they menu has changed, and now the food is BLAND, the pizza crust is too thin in the middle and soft and mushy on the edges, and it lacks the fun huge bubbles that use to be on the edges with the nice brown crisp on them.. the sauce is BLAND no garlic or flavor at all. and I don't want a salad on my pizza, too many weird toppings and I HATE ARUGULA, it's bitter and unless your going to put a balsamic reduction on it it's just gross, the pizza was cold, as I watched the poor servers have to wait for this new chef to dress and cut each pizza, so the pizza sit's on the pass way way too long..And now to the prices..way way too much for a small pizza, guess these owners don't know the clients they are catering too, old money, sad to say but they are cheap, they won't pay more than $55-$65 for a family of 4 to eat pizza's and a couple of appetizers and drinks, with this price increase it's going to cost over $100 for a family of 4 to eat..and old money just won't pay that..they are thrifty with their money.. I won't be going back to this location EVER again the queen east location has thankfully kept their menu the same, and I will be heading back there next time I want a great Pizza..I say fire the chef, who btw smokes, so limited pallet. go back to what works, lower the prices and the old money crowd will return, I was astonished that I was able to get a reservation at 7:30 that should have been my first clue something was up, 3 months ago you couldn't get a reservation at this location until after 8:30 9:00 it was so booked up.. I feel sorry for their WONDERFUL staff, they are forced to SELL this new menu, to customers only to have the disappointing Food arrive, 35 min's later, which is now way way way longer than before..and it's COLD too boot.. I have to say that over all the experience was disappointing and it's a shame because.. if it ain't broke-don't fix it..the place was excellent as it was, it didn't need to be shee shee foo fooed all up..
3_star Baked chicken is the only thing I ever really order from here (not bad - the portions are big and the chicken tastes fab w/ the cream sauce)...they have late night specials too if you order after 10 I think. Service SUCKS and I've often had to ask for another set of cutlery as its never really cleaned properly. Other than that I'd still return just for the baked chicken on rice.
4_star La primera vez que visite este lugar me pareció formidable pero la última ocasión le han cambiado el nombre y ahora los precios han aumentado demasiado creo q es tiempo de conocer lugares nuevos porq los precios de fin de semana son demasiado caros y la verdad he visitado mucho mejore lugares a ese precio Una aclaración :el servicio de los meseros es muy bueno Y el error q cometí es que siempre paso de regreso a Los Ángeles a este lugar pero la próxima vez creo q visitare el Paris el mismo precio y mejor comida
1_star Went here a few months ago and it wasn't too bad. Good enough to get me to go back again today. Wish it hadn't been though. Today I ordered the shrimp tacos and it was a 3 on a 10 scale. That was the good part. Everything else tasted BAD, EVERYTHING. My wife wasn't pleased with her Cheese enchilada either. The service was ok and the staff was pleasant but we definitely won't be back.
5_star Haven't went out for dessert for quite awhile and me and some friends happened to drop by this place for some amazing desserts after dinner. Love the crepes here! My husband likes the ambience. There are lots of pictures and special lighting fixture. We ordered a green tea cheese cake, 3 crepes and they are wonderful! Will def come back again!
4_star We ordered the Fairfax which was amazing! Only complaint was that they ran out of Sluts....they should never run out of their signature dish! Definitely recommend standing in line!!! It's worth the wait!
2_star We went on a Monday, 2 hours after they opened, I was writing down tips to share almost immediately. 1. Opened at 3, ran out of lobster at 5, someone need to do a better job with management of food shipments 2. No blue cheese to go with wings 3. Couldn't get all flat pieces of the wings 4. Out of numerous other items due to safety precautions on coast. Bittersweet. 5. Wine and beer on website... Not true... Beer only. This need to be updated. 6. Couldn't substitute anything, not even fries. 7. Catfish was good, but not worth the drive. 8. Waiter was nice, even felt bad they couldn't honor my request. 9. King crab legs market price was $25+ lb. I can cook this up in my kitchen instead. Not a good 1st impression.
1_star I was excited to try this restaurant as it had good reviews and I liked the made-to-order aspect to it. I even drove out of my way to go there. However, I was incredibly disappointed. A veggie burrito is just lettuce, tomatoes, and onions along with the beans and rice. That is not a veggie burrito!! Other places have peppers, sauté onions, etc. and salsa and jalapeños are included in the price elsewhere. If you don't order ahead for pick up, be prepared for sub-par service. Also, make sure you tip or they become incredibly nasty!! I'll stick with chipotle, qdoba, and pancheros.
1_star If I could give a zero I would ten times. I drove from McDowell and dysert all the way over here because my 3 year old son wanted shrimp. Services started great, we got our drinks right away and then we just sat there waiting for our order to get taken. The owner never came back to take our order. Saw three workers on the back and we were the only table. No one from the back acknowledged us or said sorry for the wait. We had to go. Bad service and communication with staff.
3_star Food: 3/5 Atmosphere: 4.5/5 Service: 4/5 Food: Buffalo Cauliflower: Average. Nothing special, but still good. Tater tots: Very good, but you can't go wrong with tater tots and cheese. Chicken and Waffles: Flavour was good, chicken wasn't too dry and the waffles were crispy on the outside and fluffy on the inside. Not my favourite fried chicken though. Definitely worth a try. Steak and Collard Greens: Enjoyed this the most, the steak wasn't over cooked or dry, was done medium rare, went well with the collard greens. Kentucky Handshake Sandwich: looked awesome, but was a disappointment. The chicken was a little dry, needed to be flavoured with hot sauce. The piece of chicken came with what looked like chicken feet, which I believe was supposed to make the dish different from others, but it just made it awkward for me to eat the burger. Drinks: Good selection of whiskey. Atmosphere: I loved it, just a casual bar restaurant. It gets pretty loud, which is expected at a bar. It's a small place though, minimal standing area. It's easier to get there earlier to get a table or booth, especially on the weekends. Service: Very good. We had a table of 8, and some people had to leave early. They couldn't split the bill, but they didn't have a problem calculating what each person owed. Final thoughts: Go back for the bar atmosphere, don't really care for the food. Although I still want to try their funnel cake.
2_star Growlers is to be commended for their oyster shooters, seriously, primo. Let's take a minute to talk about their service... I will use an analogy, their service = getting crabs, uncomfortable and inconvenient. Other than that I say go for it.
4_star This place is completely fantastic. My favorite order is the carne Asana gringos taco and a blood orange margarita. Their churros are the best way to end the meal, too, if you're feeling like a cheat meal is in order!
4_star I read the previous reviews before visiting for the first time. With hesitation, we gave it a shot and loved it. The pizza had a delicious whole wheat dough and was loaded with fresh ingredients. The crust is hand tossed to a perfect density. It does take longer to cook in the brick oven so don't come here if you are in a rush.
1_star What an over rated plate full of grease.. I hate when I am eating and they come sweep under my feet.. I always feel like all those particles are going to go in my food... Service sucks.. Way way over rated..
1_star This place is beyond HORRIBLE WITH SERVICE .... we asked how late they were open not any of the 4 girls behind the counter knew what their hours for service were also we sat at the bar area for 15mins.. not one single worker acknowledged our presence so we walked off ....this is not the first, second nor third time with the same bs ..... RIDICULOUS!!!! I GIVE IT A NEGATIVE 0
2_star Our family loves Sizzler! Unfortunately we will never make the mistakes of going to this location again! The manager (Neil) has a lot to learn about customer service! As our family was enjoying our meal, we observed him enter into an altercation with a guest. Then, as if that wasn't enough, he went over to the servers and started yelling at them. Highly unprofessional! The food was ok. Typical for a sizzler but the salad bar left something g to be desired. Food was warm that was suppose to be cold and chicken wings were old. Overall a bad experience for 60 bucks!
3_star This place is good for: - 2 people - large groups did wait longer than everyone else - good size and tasty brunch if you're OK waiting for a table - if you like the diner atmosphere This place is not good for: - large groups - even groups of 4 or more - if you're really hungry and can't wait to eat I came here on a Sunday at around 12 pm with a group of 3. We waited about 30 minutes - mostly in the cold as it's a small place and there were many other people waiting. What I ate: Eggs Benjamin ($16.50) - 3.5/5 - the eggs and hollandaise sauce with the salmon were perfect - I wasn't a fan of the apple coleslaw - I'd prefer some berries, mixed fruit, or even some mixed greens - the potato rosti was OK - I've had better homefries at other brunch places (for example, Insomnia near bloor and bathurst) Service - 3.5/5 - the host and server were friendly. However, there was no system for those waiting. I would recommend taking phone numbers and sending notifications via text to confirm if those waiting can still make it or not. I find that many restaurants are starting to do this and it definitely helps to provide better service. Overall, in my experience, I'm not sure the wait was worth the meal. It was good, but I would go back to try other plates, like the crepes and waffles, to be a better judge.
4_star This place is eggcellent and I will definitely return! Ulises was my waiter and he was courteous, helpful and quick. I got the corned beef hash meal and the homemade corned beef hash was awesome and the eggs were well prepared. The banana nut muffin was good, I liked the fact that it wasnt as oily as many muffins. The toast and coffee were just ok, but I'm not complaining, this is a fantastic restaurant and anyone would be lucky to be nearby.
4_star We went to Crazy Otto's for breakfast today based on a recommendation by complete strangers while waiting for our food the other day. From the outside, it says keep going, but the food was really good. I ordered the french toast with scrambled eggs and hash browns. The french toast was great! The eggs and the hashbrowns could have been cooked a little more for my liking. My boyfriend ordered the belgain waffles, eggs over easy and bacon. He said all of it was good. Even the side order or toast was fresh. The only bad part of the meal was the orange juice. It is a little pricey- $27 for two people for breakfast. I'd consider going back...
4_star I got the mixed grill sandwich which was about $8. It was really good and different. However the price for how big the sandwich is was a little too much. Paradise Bakery has a better value but it was nice to have something different.
4_star What a wonderful dining experience, top to bottom, start to finish. The restaurant itself looks beautiful and I love that their menu is local farm-to-table and seasonal. Additionally they have a special dietary restrictions menu, which made eating gluten-free very easy. The roasted beet salad was one of the most delicious things I have ever eaten and my husband enjoyed the smoked salmon. I took a bite and it was incredible. We both had the NY Strip as our entree and it was cooked perfectly and full of flavor. The mashed potatoes were so good I could have gone swimming in them. :) On top of delicious, fresh food, our waitress was super accommodating and very lovely. I would definitely come back here again the next time I am in Pittsburgh.
4_star Hands down my favorite Korean restaurant in the valley. From a Koreans perspective, who grew up with my Mom's cooking, this place has served as a good replacement for when I need a fix. I think the most surprising aspect of the restaurant is the service. I ve been to Korean restaurants in nearly every state I ve visited and service generally sucks. Takamatsu is a rare exception with the servers being attentive and getting things taken care of quickly. The food is great and prices are reasonable. Well worth the drive to get here from the East Valley.
2_star Seen this place on Travel channel, and it looked amazing. The LA pastrami was really good, didn't care for the bbq combo fries. The worst part is it smelled if sewage and the shack is run down in need of maintenance. Customer service is horrible. The cashier stepped away when I was waiting to order snd was in the back on the phone yelling and cussing. The cook finally came and took order. Won't go back
4_star Service excellent. Soups were only complaint and that was because the servings were so small. Only had appetizers in our party of four. Tricolore salad, frito misto calamari, caponata salad, meatballs were all superb. Just the soup did not meet expectations. Breads were very good too.
3_star I must say the food is good, service is too...but its just too expensive. Meals dont come with a drink btw.
1_star We made reservations at 1pm on a Saturday for 8 people at 4:30 . When we arrived there were 3 tables with people at them. But we were told we would be seated at 2 different booths! We came together and wanted to eat together! The Longhorn had no problem meeting our needs.!!! Will never go back
5_star The mojitos are great, and the tacos are amazing and reasonably priced, the guacamole dip is the best and the service in general is spot on
2_star "Meh" actually sums it up really well. Below average in almost every way. Not horrid, just below average. Below average atmosphere, decor,service, food quality, selection, and yes, below average prices. They seem mayo happy, it was used abundantly in almost every single roll. Above average use of mayo. So, next time you are looking for a below average dining experience, something decidedly "meh", THIS is most definitely your spot.
5_star Brought most of my indian relatives here. All were very happy with the quality of food and exceptional service. Very happy to have an indian restaurant of this caliber in the area.
4_star Just finished a delicious meal of pulled pork, brisket and ribs. The meat was incredible and everything smelled so good. I wanted to pull my car over and eat it all. I would definitely come here again.
1_star Sugar and grease, be ready! If that is what you like... Worst Sangria ever, pure sugar, no taste whatsoever. BBQ chicken sandwich drenched in super sweet sauce, can't tell of the taste. Really really bad BBQ joint.
4_star Great place for fresh fish (flown in from Tokyo, Japan), fresh wasabi root and I've heard that the live Uni is a must. They were out of Uni, so I can't give a review for that. The space is tiny, I recommend making a reservation. Very friendly staff!
4_star Large restaurant close to Old Town and Arts District of Scottsdale. Very good traditional Mexican food. Two kinds of salsa and chips. Large portions.
2_star Looking inside the place it looks like a can of sardines all packed up on top of each other. You can actually hear the person next to you about their life and smell the perfume their wearing! Also to the owners clean the snow at the side of your place. It's icy and I don't want to fall on my ass. Take a moment and one employe and clean the damn sidewalk please!
3_star Sir Pizza is very hit or miss. First off, I would like to say that if you are a traditional Italian, Sir Pizza is like a mortal sin. Instead of the common round pie with the large triangular slices, they have a round pie with small square-like slices. You can see a picture of this somewhere on the page. Anyway, that is my fair warning before info into the pros, cons, and neutrals. Pros: Sir Pizza is very unique. The pizza's toppings are shredded onto the pizza. I have never seen this before so I thought I should mention it. Also, if you bring along the kiddies, they have these retro Pac-Man and Dig-Dug arcade games. They do cost quarters, but I think it is worth it to keep you preoccupied. They have a party room as well for special occasions. Finally, it is overall cheap. Cons: The place is usually packed with people. You will wait a long time to get the pizza(s) you ordered. There are no waiters at Sir Pizza. You order at the counter what you want, sit down and wait. They do not have any dessert items to server either. The closet thing you can have to a treat after pizza is getting some cheap donut at the convienent store next door. Neutrals: The sauce on the pizza is very sweet. I know this would be a big turn-off or turn-on for people so I just put it here. Lastly, the do serve things like hoagies, but they are very run of the mill. If you ever go to Sir Pizza, you go for the pizza.
3_star I'm sure they have our pictures hanging up on the "Do Not Allow to Enter" wall of shame. We tore up that buffet and definitely got our moneys worth or shrimp and crab legs!!! They had a lot of good Italian and American dishes too, the desserts were lacking. I was hoping for a rich chocolate cake or a variety of cheesecakes. It's a buffet, no more special than any other high end casino on the strip. The lunch and dinner transition was weird and kind of a rip-off. We got there at the end of lunch and were not allowed to enter, instead they lined up all the people like cattle and make them wait over half an hour to be able to charge us the dinner price!!! Not COOL!!! I recommend getting there one hour before the dinner starts to enjoy the entire buffet at lunch price
1_star Never coming back to a restaurant that I go to at least twice a week. I went with my family to have dinner here tonight. The owner came by and said our baby (a 13 month old) was being too loud and people go there to enjoy their dinner and relax. He said that he could hear her screaming in the kitchen (10 feet away) At first I thought he was joking and I joked about it with him and he said he was being serious. My husband told him we come in at least twice a week and the owner said so do other people, who want to enjoy a quiet dinner. I was half way through my meal and could not even finish it. I have 3 kids and have never been told something like this. The couple that was sitting behind us turned around and told us our daughter wasn't bothering anyone. I was very upset about this situation, so we all got up and left. My husband stayed behind and spoke to a worker there and he asked her if someone complained about us and she said no, but they've been getting calls lately saying that children were too noisy there and they have lost customers because of it. Well you just lost a lot of regular customers because of your rude actions. You are a cheap "family" Mexican fast food restaurant, not an upscale dining establishment where adults go to have quiet evenings out. I loved your food, but Mexican restaurants are a dime a dozen in AZ and so we will take our "loud" 13 month old to a better restaurant who doesn't treat their loyal customers like garbage.
3_star Bluephies is a great place for breakfast and it is far more accessible now that they have rearranged the interior so that the door is on an opposite wall. Honestly, I love this place, but it doesn't deserve more than 3-stars. Unfortunately, I don't get to go as much as I used to (every other saturday during my freshman year of college) and the rate at which new things are introduced onto the menu has also died down significantly. But, they still have great scramblers and friendly faces.
5_star This is my FAVORITE restaurant in Cleveland. I'm a vegetarian(though I admit I'll still eat seafood) and this place had a ton of extremely delicious options for my boyfriend(a vegetarian who does not eat seafood) and I to try. We shared everything and were very pleased with everything we picked: Guacamole / pineapple / jicama / chile habanero / mint- Extremely delicious starter, but be prepared for it to make you insanely full, we didn't even come close to finishing it. Chile poblanao relleno / smoked gouda / chile guajillo / tomato sauce- The best chile relleno I have ever eaten in my life, the smoked gouda was a fantastic touch to spice up an old favorite. Butternut squash + goat cheese empanadas / oaxacan red chili + chocolate mole- Absolutely wonderful, the squash and goat cheese blended perfectly with the semi sweet mole sauce. Remolacha / roasted beets + spinach / spiced peanuts / chihuahua cheese- This the was entree we split and the beets were roasted to perfection, since we were splitting the server went ahead and brought us extra tortillas without us having to ask, big plus in my book! Spicy Mango Margarita- You burn my mouth in the most delicious way! I am obsessed with spicy food and cocktails and this one hit the perfect balance of sweet and spice for me. I really hope I get an opportunity to dine here again before I leave Cleveland!
2_star This restaurant is way, way, way too casual and unprofessional. I ordered a several items which were fine but then sushi roll, and a bug literally walked casually off my plate onto my napkin. I showed it to the bartender and the bartender said "that is just a fruit fly. It goes after sweet food". Really?! This time I got a whole new order sushi, and I took it to go. She said she was gonna tell a manager And the bartender said to me we went ahead and took it off of your bill As if they were doing me a favor. Never apologized. Then waited over 20 minutes for my replacement. Too long. I have visited over a dozen P F Chang's around the country. This one is too reliant on traffic and people could literally fall from the casino into the restaurant. So I don't think they care about service or professionalism given they have so much easy traffic. May need to retrain some staff.
4_star Some friends and I went to Custom Built Pizza last Friday night after reading all of the promising reviews. We were not disappointed! Each of the pizzas starts at $8.95 with all of the toppings you can handle. They charge $1 or $2 more for the honey wheat or gluten free doughs. The ordering process can be daunting, but it is basically like ordering at Subway as you choose your options as you move down the line. I opted for traditional dough and after reading countless reviews on the diavola (spicy) sauce I had to try it. I asked for it to be mixed with the crushed tomato sauce and the employees acknowledged that it was pretty darn hot on it's own. After selecting my toppings, the pizza was thrown into the oven and out it came pretty quickly. Now, my pizza turned out great, but I must say, you're building your own pizza so if you don't like the taste, it's probably your own fault. Some of my friends went crazy with the toppings and ended up with something they didn't really like. With that said, all of the pizzas were cooked to perfection so Custom built fulfilled on their end of the bargain. The only down side to this experience was watching the employees snack on pizza behind the counter and then go right back to making pizzas and serving the customers. Everybody gets hungry but at least hide it a little better! Overall, this restaurant has a very unique concept with good ingredients and decent pricing. I would definitely come back to try it again.
2_star The best thing about this place is a cozy atmosphere and friendly staff. The worst thing is the food. I tried this restaurant for a takeout dinner for my family, so I ordered several of the dishes and I sat in the restaurant while they were being prepared. We usually get takeout at Jade Palace, and I was hoping to find Chinese food at a more reasonable price and preferably less greasy. This place is just as expensive if not more so. The food I brought home was terrible. All of it was bland, beige, and soupy, some vegetables probably came out of a can, and all of the vegetables were over cooked to mushiness. The whole family was very disappointed.
3_star Note that this place has changed names since the review. No longer appears to have even a small eat-in area. http://www.thaibasilcarryout.com/ My rating is a placeholder as we only drove past when we saw that there was no dine-in option.
1_star Fantastic restaurant, terrible dining experience. I went to give a try after reading so many positive reviews. When I got in the lady at the reception sat me down really quickly (it was 4 pm so quite open). Then the waiter came and told me they are on a time constraint, okay, I'm fine with that too. To help quicken the process I ordered the soup straight away. Then this was where it went wrong: he rushed back and ask me what to order, after 2 minutes I sat down! I used another minute and ordered an appetizer and main course. Surprisingly,The main course came first! The food turned out to be fantastic so I let that go. Then the appetizer came, also pretty good. I went by myself so I got a small table, and having both appetizer and main dish on the same time barely left space for anything else. Then while I was working on my food, the waiter came to ask if I want anything else. I ordered a cappuccino, and specified "after when I'm done". And it came in 1 minute. Good job in getting things down, at the wrong time! Now with three items on the table and a plate and basket of bread (which, btw, is stone cold), the table got too bloody busy. Maybe he didn't hear me asking to serve the cappuccino at the end, but he would if he wasn't rushing! Any waiter who is not trying to push customer out of door should know to serve it last! In a restaurant like this I expect to enjoy my food, and I can totally see how I should be able to do so under so much stupid pressure. Oh by the way, I asked before I left, they didn't have a clear reason to be rushing. And it looked like I was the only one that was treated that way.
5_star We decided to get lunch from here for the first time. The lobster chowder was amazing. Soup was chunky and filled with lobster. The wild salmon-wich was good but might try a different sandwich next time. Definitely will be coming back
4_star This is the best Mexican food I've had in Charlotte since moving here from California. Having lived in LA, I have very high standards as far as Mexican food is concerned. Their staff is very friendly and greet you as soon as you come in. I've had their asada, carnitas and chorizo tacos and they're okay. Their chile rojo is pretty good, it's also really spicy so if you can't take heat I'd stay away from that. Their chile verde is okay. I had their chile rojo wet burrito and it was pretty good as well. I was hesitant after reading all the mixed reviews but decided to give them a try. Just as everyone else says, don't be fooled by the location of the place. It's in a small strip mall and you can possibly miss it but overall it's good. I'll be returning to try other items on the menu.
3_star First of all, it's behind Subway....we had a little difficulty finding it and circled the parking lot before finding it. Service: Slow like many reviews said, however, we weren't upset at all. I didn't read the reviews before going here because I was thinking with 200 reviews & 4 stars and all our friends recommending it, it's worth a try. So I didn't know about the slow service. I just commented during dinner how we had finished all our appetizers and our burgers have yet to arrive. The reason why I think none of us were upset was because the staff did seem very nice and were just new or something. Oh and my boyfriend also commented that I should not have ordered my appetizers when the waiter came to ask for our drink orders because he seemed really flustered that I interrupted his order of doing things. Also the appetizers came out way before the water did, which I thought was strange. Food: Sweet potato fries were really good. I loved the yuzu citrus aioli that came with it. Truffle parmesean fries was pretty good too. It came with a sun dried tomato aioli, which I thought wasn't as good as the sweet potato one. I think it really depends on personal taste, because half of us liked the sweet potato one more and the other half the truffle one more. Garlic, ginger, and chili edamame was really good. I love the flavor and it's so much better than plain salted edamame that I am used to at Japanese restuarants. Oxtail chili cheese fries was ok. I wasn't a big fan of it. I think I would have preferred beef over oxtail. I really couldn't tell the difference except for the occasional fattier pieces of meat. I also would rather it came in a smaller portion because it was a meal in itself. As for the burgers, we got Kiki's burger, Banh-mi burger, and 2 BBQ Angus burgers with some add-ons. No one in my party enjoyed their burgers that much. I was ok with mine, but it wasn't that good. I think the main problem (completely our fault) is that we didn't realized it was BBQ, meaning sweet BBQ sauce. No one like that the patties had a sweet taste and was competing with the other sauces. My brother took probably 3 bites and bagged it home for his dog, saying that he would prefer In-N-Out...and all the other great burger places in Philly. He thought that even though he ordered medium, it came out too dry for him. His girlfriend had the Banh-mi, with the BBQ and curry aioli, I don't think she even touched the fish sauce. She didn't finish her burger either. My boyfriend thought his burger was ok but the bottom bun was soggy, probably because his egg was running down the side when it was delivered to the table. My burger was ok too. it didn't wow me though. My boyfriend and I were the only ones who finished our burgers. Also their boba drinks are not made from fresh fruits. I was hoping they were, but good thing I asked before I ordered one. I did try the green milk tea boba and it was ok. I don't think I will come back here again. If I do, it will only be to do take out for the sweet potato fries and edamame.
5_star The new restaurant is first rate - gorgeous interior, great service, great food. Very busy, great atmosphere.
4_star This place was a pleasant surprise. Great selection of rolls and the Heart Attack appetizer may be the best appetizer in town. They have a bunch of new twists on old favorites and their Mexican roll is great. Also very impressed that they use a lot of halibut. Service is alright but they have great sake bomb prices to help you forget.
3_star Cheap and cheerful. Been here a few times and service and food quality is consistent. Nothing super special but its not terrible either. I always get the masala dosa - pretty traditional and standard. Could use more filling because I find myself eating a lot of the wrap at the end and just dipping it into the sauce. Had the pani puri - pretty good, but not really the best deal for the price - I expect a few more. Chaat papri was good as well - but again - could have been more generous with the portion size. Service here is quick - I was seated promptly and the wait staff are attentive, so ordering was quick and easy.
2_star Meh...not really sure what the hype was. It was decent food, with large portions but nowhere near worth the $100 our bill came to after two beers and two entrees. We both ordered Franziskaner's and I had the classic schnitzel (I can't remember what my husband had). Everything about this place was average, except for maybe that it's one of the few truly German restaurants in Vegas. The beer selection was great, but I would hope it would be. The red cabbage was yummy, and the potatoes had potential but I don't like onions so I can't really be impartial there. I don't think I would eat here again...
1_star The kid that took my order on the phone screwed it up so badly that it had to be remade. 30 minutes later, I walked away with a half baked, bad pizza. The staff in the to go area is rude, and the hostess was talking loudly about her high school drama. I'm shocked that it was so busy here. I won't be back.
2_star Montecito was a big disappointment to me. I was there for a business lunch during the film festival -- the location was convenient, the room was beautiful and it had a little buzz. On the plus side, it was very comfortable and the service was excellent. There weren't many in there for lunch at 1pm which I should have taken as a warning. Our waiter was attentive without being in the way and I was expecting a good meal. My guest and I both ordered salads and we were both disappointed. He had the B.C. Prawns and I had the Albacore Tuna Nicoise. Considering the price of the salads - $22 and $20 respectively - we were both a little surprised at how tiny they were. He had a small pile of shrimp and a few greens. I had a lump of what looked like upscale canned tuna, half a boiled egg, four green beans and a little lettuce. I think the biggest shock was the tuna - I was expecting a piece of fresh tuna and got something that looked like it came from a can. The salads were okay in taste (except for the tuna itself) and quickly eaten since they were so small. I also ordered iced tea and got a cloudy amber beverage that tasted like it was made from instant tea powder. Even the waiter agreed that it was nasty looking. So - go for the ambience or the convenience or don't order the salads. Maybe some of the other dishes are better but it felt like a ripoff to me.
1_star Terrible experience, ordered through ubereats, normally no issues when i use this service, half of my meal was forgotten, waited 2 hour from original order time, food never arrived, spoke with 3 people, kitchen manager was dealing with order, wait staff also, everyone was extremely rude, unapologetic and would not remedy the situation. AVOID and spend your money elsewhere, many great local business, do not waste your time, money, energy here. Really terrible management skills, food could have been good but there was no attention to detail, the food that did arrive was either over cooked or cold, wing flavour was not great. Would give 0 stars if I could.
2_star Great food. Shit service. Don't bother ever ordering anything 15 minutes before hand or even an hour because they haven't even started. Make sure you don't have anything nice planned afterwards like let's say a movie because you're not going to make it.
5_star I love this restaurant. If you are looking for good Italian food in the East Valley, you must travel to Baci. Their pasta portions are huge and delicious, the bread they serve before the meal is great as well. I must reccomend the cannolis, as they are to die for. I'm not sure why people have said it is expensive, because it's really not. Maybe they thought they were at Olive Garden and were expecting unlimited salad and pasta, who knows. But hands down, the best Italian food in the East Valley.
1_star Really not impressed. The sushi rolls were too big to eat properly; I almost choked a few times. The rolls also didn't hold up very well, and usually fell apart on the way to my mouth (which is maybe a good thing, considering my previous point). The fish in the rolls was also not cut properly - it was basically one giant chunk of salmon instead of easy-to-eat smaller pieces. Really not an enjoyable eating experience. Most annoyingly, the service was terrible. We were waited on briefly by our waitress, who we never saw again for the rest of the afternoon. At least, not stopping by our table - we saw her sitting a few tables over eating her lunch. Our drinks were empty for 30+ minutes and we were staring at her, but she never came to help us out. Given the amount of sushi places in the area, there has to be somewhere much better.
5_star If there was one eatery to remind me of high school it's Elmer's tacos! Awesome food but the taco sauce is where they shine! Also can't beat $1 tacos!
5_star LOVE the food here! Always amazing friendly service. The atmosphere is good it's a very simple place inside out but the food is killer! I always come here when I need my Korean food fix! The pork bone soup is awesome the meat basically falls of the bone! (Perfection) The Bibimbap is always my go to dish! It tastes like the best mothers home cooked meal! I love how they are always attentive to make sure you get your pickles and such at the beginning and how friendly and welcoming they are. Great place to go with a family, group, as a couple or alone!
1_star We come to Vegas every year and have mostly enjoyed the food, although it depends where you go. This morning we were looking for good breakfast. Breakfast already seems problematic here, but at 11am it is even more difficult to find a good place to eat. We came here because we were passing by and were told that they served breakfast until a later time. The jam came in individual mini jars, which were adorable and had me excited. Unfortunately that was the best part of our breakfast. I had a healthy option of egg whites with tomatoes, spinach and mushrooms, which came with a side of asparagus and brown rice. My food was super bland. There was no taste to any part of my egg whites or veggies. Asparagus is one of my favorites, and is hard to prepare wrong. This asparagus was bitter. The brown rice looked like the instant one which I have only came across once at a bachelors house. My girlfriend had 3 eggs with bacon and hash browns. How do you mess that up? The hash browns were 2 patties that resembled the ones at dunkin donuts. The eggs were greasy. Even the bacon wasn't good. I eat out a lot and maybe I have been spoiled by the many great options Chicago provides for breakfast, but this food wasn't even something we took 3 bites of. I ate toast and drank my coffee. My girlfriend struggled through 2 pieces of bacon and an egg. When the waiter came by and asked how it was, I politely told him the food was very bland. He asked me if I wanted something else, but judging by my girlfriends meal I did not believe there was anything else I would like. We asked for boxes, and I told the waiter we were going to give it away to a homeless person so that someone else can enjoy it, since he did not give me any option besides replacing my food with another plate. The check came, it was $47 and some change for 2 coffees and the two plates. I gave the waiter my debit card and he brought back a receipt that said my card was changed $59 and some change. I asked him about the discrepancy, he apologized and said he made a mistake. I told him were all human and it happens. He said hell void the other transaction and charge the correct amount. I asked him if that meant he was going to charge my card twice, because since it was debit I knew it would take 3-5 days to come back. He assured me no, and the only thing that would be charged to the card is the correct amount. I have the Chase app so I was able to log in right away at the restaurant and see that yes of course there were two charges pending. Since its debit of course it takes it out of my available balance so at this point I have paid over $100 for breakfast I did not even eat. When I showed the charges to the waiter he had nothing to say. The money did not come back until after we were done with our vacation, which thankfully for me was not a big deal, but for others $57 might have been. Overall I can not believe the terrible food and how much they are charging for it. I do not mind paying top dollar for dining out, but not when you can't even get eggs right. For the rest of the stay we had breakfast at Denny's, which in Chicago I have never even stepped a foot in, but it's a good thing we did because their skillets were 100% better then any food at Aria Café.
3_star I actually love this place. Their happy hour is phenomenal and love the Las Vegas roll. However, yesterday we got the worst service I have ever gotten... The dirty dishes were piled on the table, no one got more water since the first time, my beer took forever to come and food that we order never came in, including soft drinks. Now, based on the service I have revived in the past, I will not judge this place for a one bad time. I will give this place a better rating and review once I visit it again and have the usual service
1_star This restaurant doesn't even deserve half a star. They put me off from eating Pho for a very long time. The restaurant is dirty, the food tastes like it was all cooked in a microwave and the BEST part was the hair and bug I found in my vermicelli. I wouldn't go to this restaurant if it was the last food source on earth. Clean up your act, you have A LOT of competition.
1_star Went there first thing thing this morning. Ordered 2 simple sandwiches. Took over 35 minutes to make. 6 workers lounging around. Completely ignored. Totally disgusted with their service. Overpriced. Food okay and felt worthless when I left
3_star I had 2 slices. One Roman with meat and the other chicken pesto. The crust was firm but easy to fold for the chicken pesto but because of the meats on the Roman, it made the crust limp and a bit soggy. I would suggest getting the veggie style on this one. It is open until 3am and they will deliver to your room. The price for one slice will run bt 5.25-6.50.
3_star The breakfast/brunch is WAY better than their dinners! Their dinners are just ok and are overpriced. But OMG their eggs Benedict...... Sooo good
4_star We were there last evening for dinner. Excellent service and attention even after my sister's dinner was not made to order. Appreciated the wait staff and floor manager helping us when the food was not prepared correctly. Recommend a number of their dishes as it reminds me in terms of menu and atmosphere of Houston's in Atlanta and Bricktop's in Nashville, TN.
3_star I'd actually give this place 3.5 stars, but alas, that's not allowed. It's just a diner, so it's not anything fancy. But if you're craving diner food and you're in the area, I'd say this place is a solid choice for some breakfast food. I'm always craving pancakes, so that's how we ended up at this place. We're not usually up in that area, so we turned to yelp and found this place. From the outside, the place definitely doesn't look like anything special, or even a diner really since it's located in a shopping center. Once inside, it's your basic diner decor with lots of booths and that feeling that every surface has a thin film of grease. But hey, it's a diner, what do you expect. Pancakes were good, as was the other breakfast foods we ordered. The main complaint I have is that the coffee WAS SO WATERY. I mentioned it to the waitress who said that they had noticed that this last batch of coffee wasn't right and that she'd bring me a new cup. Second cup came and it was still watery...
4_star I'm a sucker for happy hour and greek food: The Mad Greek gets it right. Large menu, especially happy hour stuff, which the staff is more than happy to describe for those of us that don't know what things are. HH menu consists of $4 to $7 goodies (about a $1 off the normal prices). Ordering 3 items is usually plenty for 2 people. There are drinks as well ($16 pitcher of mojitos is legit), but be sure to inquire if you're not sure what's included. Some favorites: hummus, baba, tzazkiki (veggie platter), chicken skewer, gyro snack (open-faced gyro sandwich, sans "fries"), and the mussels with clams. Essentially everything I've tried has been pretty tasty. Next indulgence on the list: the goat cheese flambe looked and smelled delicious. The down: it can be slow. Although, tell the waitress if you're in a hurry or want something, and they're pretty attentive. That said, we usually order everything at once since we know it'll be a while until we see them again. So, if you're hungry, have some time to kill, and want to indulge in a decent beverage, this is a good place to pick.
3_star Generally speaking, I'm a fan of Souper Salad. This location is basically just like all the other locations; the food is consistent, the restaurant is clean, the staff is relatively efficient. However, It still lacks something. Everyone here seemed so dispassionate, they were never rude; It just felt like none of the staff wanted to be there.
5_star Reading these reviews about service, food and drink prices is actually comical. I went here for the first time on a Monday night, and it was pretty legit...for 5 dollar meals that are decently portioned, I think its just down right silly to complain about how long it takes for food to come out, blah blah blah. Service - Ya our service started off a bit slow and we did have to flag our waitress down on a couple occasions, which i personally hate doing (being a server/bartender myself) -- but once we started drinking more and she probably realized that we weren't cheap students or groups of people who drink water, she warmed up to us (and we got free shots on a shotski--completely out of nowhere but much appreciated). I can't help but sympathize with the servers here and can't imagine how much bullshit they put up with, especially when the food is so cheap. So we tipped her well, and our bill for 4 people was around $150, which may be a rarity there on a Monday. People on here who have complained about not getting your water on time, or that you felt shafted --unfortunately when you work in an area dominated by students, you develop certain biases and come to expect a 2 dollar tip on 20, etc. So perhaps if you go against the stereotype, and tip more than 10%, you might get better service next time? I'm a student that goes to U of T too so I'm not bashing -- just that we are known for being cheap and demanding. Also, anyone complaining about expensive drinks are definitely, definitely not considering the fact that a) they're not and b) how do you imagine in your narrow minded vision that the owners make profit? Cmon now, smarten up. Any one who complains about this place needs to think about the bigger picture and stop being so goddamn selfish -- for 5 dollars a meal, I would treat the service staff with respect and TIP WELL --words to live by my fellow cheap ass students.
1_star WAYYYYY too much hype about this place!! Seriously though... No seriously. Only good thing about this place is how they are good at making the portions look decent in the photos lol Service: the waitress was no offense an airhead she was so distracted looking around at people seemed to have a bad case of ADHD She knew nothing about her drinks list or about the food ... Was gone when we kept trying to order more food (we had to order with the bar back because she took so long to show up) FOOD: Tater tots : meh not worth it Cauliflower app: meh over cooked and nothing special Corn bread: alright but really not worth it .... Unless you are feeding tweety bird. Kentucky handshake sandwich: not worth the price (it's literally Kentucky fried chicken ... Like might as well go there and pay $6 instead of basically $15 to look at some arm ) lol Chicken and Waffles : portion is not worth it flavor was alright nothing mind blowing (go to the Kensington market one ... WAYYY better and much more for your money) Red Funnel cake : save your money .... Tiny over cooked and completely over drizzled with icing ... Yuck worst thing I have ever had in the funnel cake department. We ordered more food but honestly don't waste your time ... Just go somewhere else.... Not worth even going on about how bad it was.
3_star We couldn't wait to go to this restaurant since we loved That Place on Bellflower and looked forward to returning to the circle. The place is beautiful and although some of the sensuous and rustic charm of the former restaurant is gone, it remains a lovely spot for lunch or dinner. The outdoor patio is divine as was the service but the food we chose was jut ok - not nearly as tasty as the menu described. Two of us had the stuffed chicken leg which was a very ample portion of leg and thigh meat but the flavors were seriously lacking. The accompanying spaetzel were fine but there was an odd paprika/salty/bitter after taste to the sauce. The mussels ordered by another guest were salty and at the same time bland. Once the mussels were sent back, they were happily replaced with another entree of pasta which was acceptable but not remarkable at all. The salads were all good and very fresh. As much as I wanted this place to be stellar, I must be content with the memories of the former Bellflower instead.
4_star I always come for the breakfast. I'm never disappointed I usually order the chorizo breakfast burrito
1_star Prices & food is alright. Was in recently & they've discontinued the italian wedding soup & italian sodas & we used to order those items each time we visited the restaurant. This place is seriously showing its age lately & is honestly in need of a good deep down cleaning, fresh paint & new carpets, tables & chairs. This restaurant is in the exact same condition but worse as it was the first time I ate here 20 years ago. Come on Olive Garden - how much money have you made at this location & won't pay for 1 pail of paint?!.
2_star OK, so I had the $8.00 lunch. My first question was, what happened to these places??? Beyond the basic food, its filthy, food everywhere and the people, wow. I mean it looks like this is where obese people go to gorge. "Oh, have a pint of ice cream and sugar to wash down that salad" The lady in front of me was scooping some white-yellow pasta stuff out of the serving spoon with her fingers. The decor, whats with the baby shit green color and macro shots of tomatoes sweating? Tomatoes do not sweat. Oh and then some old lady in yoga pants. I mean, baggy yoga pants??? I had my salad and soup and left, the food was ok, but the patrons, leave you feeling no so good. So, if you want cheap nutrition and some OMG moments, go here.
3_star It has the ambience of the old diner which is neat in itself. It's December so yes, a little chilly inside although I did finally feel a little heat kick on. Made my hot breakfast cooler a lot sooner though. Food was mediocre: ordered home fried potatoes, not home steamed. Wanted toasted toast, not warmed toast. Omelet was good though, well filled. Service is quick and friendly so that's a plus. All in all, quick eats but not a fav for me. I wouldn't have to travel far from home so since they serve breakfast all day, it's good to know the place is around. For essentially the same price as Denny's, the deciding factor may be: which is closer?
1_star My family and I travelled to Montreal for a week, after reading a couple reviews we decided to grab some dinner at this location. We arrived around 5 PM, and it was not busy. We were not greeted or seated for a good 5-10 minutes after walking into the door. The waiter did not seem to know much about the menu or he did not bother to explain any of it to us, we ordered some appetizers. Most of the food was bland with no flavor. Their spring rolls are not authentic spring rolls, most likely spring rolls catered for non-asian. Let's see, it took about 10 minutes to get seated and the appetizers came out 15 minutes after we ordered, but after finishing out appetizers and waiting approximately 20-30 minutes after our mains had still not arrived. So we asked the waiter how much longer our main courses would take, he looks at us then looks down at his hand which had our orders. He did not put the orders through! This was horrible service and he did not even apologize, he would looked annoyed anytime he looked at our table. Keep in mind that when we walked in there was only 2 occupied tables. It was already getting late and we decided to wait for the main course. The pho had the weakest broth I have ever tasted. Everyone else food was either cold or bland. HORRIBLE food and TERRIBLE service.
4_star Visiting from Az. 1st. time there. Quality of food was excellent. Had a chicken dish, tender and flavorful. Great service. Will return next time in town.
2_star Was hoping to have fun but overpriced beer and unfriendly bartender ( Brittany). Really 6.75 for a beer. Left after one.
5_star Best shrimp cocktails in north las Vegas! They are prepared fresh and spicy.and there opened 24hrs so anytime I have a craving I can stop by and grab one.
2_star I went for dinner on the patio overlooking the corner spot at dundas and victoria Luckily I went early before the rush and didn't have to wait for a table. Although I was wondering why there was a useless hostess outside the main hostess station when they werent busy haha! Sorry but the girls just look okay. I get the itty bitty outfits but it's not cool to see rolls. :/ I like the humour at at jacks. The quotes on the shirts are funny and wity. Same thing for their beer mugs! I ordered the strawberry iceberg beer with coor light and it was great. They actually brought me the wrong drink at first but took back their twister. The nachos are my favourite at jacks. It's extra cheesy because they add cheese spread. The portion is beast size for $15! A better deal if you have SPC. Overall, this place is just okay to chill. The patio glass is dirty, you chill with pigeons, and service takes a while. Ps. My waitress tries to hustle with random compliments haha pretty clever but kinda sleezy. Guess you gotta encourage tips in any way! You'll know if you get her haha Hope this helps, -jT
5_star Hands down the best sushi spot in Vegas! Such a nice crew and the food is amazing! The 911 special is SO GOOD!! Everything tastes so fresh and flavorful! The atmosphere is very welcoming and Juliana really makes you feel at home. Kay is such and amazing waitress and Sean is THE BEST sushi chef in Vegas. Love them!
3_star First and foremost, the price. $86.00 for two. We were stunned. We did not know the price going in, had limited time, were staying at Bellagio and figured it would be the least expensive dining option inside the hotel. Not so sure about that now! In our minds, I think we had the price at $50-60 for two. My thought on buffets--generally not a fan and prefer a more intimate dining experience. I have referred to buffets as "trough feeding" and stick to the description. Unless you have a huge appetite and a super amped digestive system, it's doubtful you'll be able to eat $86 worth. AND, the receipt says "Thank you for keeping your dining experience under two hours" so they're not wanting you to stay long and go in for third and fourth rounds. Back to the buffet at hand. Twelve food stations, beautiful fresh fruit, plentiful salad bar and desserts to die for. The selections were good--prime rib, boiled shrimp on ice, crab legs, salmon, and every other meat you can imagine. I even saw Yorkshire pudding! The food was good, the stations were efficient and well arranged and it was not a problem at all to get in and out under their suggested two hour window. The price just sticks in my craw. The only other buffet I have paid that kind of money for is the Sunday Brunch at Grove Park Inn. That IS an experience and it is worth the money. This--not so much.
5_star Such a great surprise. The closest thing I'd compare this to is the also-five-star-to-me Art of Flavors, which is up past the Stratosphere, where LV Blvd starts digging into the number streets. But Eis is down south in Green Valley, so it's a nicer part of town and easier and closer for me to get to. So far have become a fan of both the strawberry & cream, and strawberry cheesecake. Both with real chunks and streaks of strawberry. Both delicious, and the finest strawberry ice creams I can remember having. We loved it enough to return twice in a week since we found this place! Their cronut-alike was also excellent and has set the bar for me to compare others to. We'll be coming back again and again.
5_star I love this place. It's sexy. Great drinks, hottie bartenders and I love the atmosphere.
2_star I made a reservation the day before, which the hostess informed me was never made. Luckily we came right at opening so there wasn't an issue getting a table. Server- Jessica and other server were friendly. Food service was WAY off. We were a party of 5. We ordered porchetta and eggs, French toast, steak and eggs, loco moco and poutine. We arrived at 1030. I'll give them some leeway and said we ordered at 1045. We started slowly receiving our dishes at around 1115. Only two dishes at first, the poutine and the steak and eggs, which were both delicious. Then we got the porchetta and eggs, which we ordered before the rest of our meal as an app, but received it with everything else. We got the loco moco cold, I'm assuming they were holding it till everything else was ready. We received the French toast at 1130 and it was RAW. The batter was leaking out. I was hoping that this place would be as great as it looks. The food is great. They just need to work on their food timing.
3_star When I was looking for the menu online, most of the information out there was out of date. The prices have gone up $2-3. Spicy pork neck tacos ($10 for 2 tacos) I liked the amount of meat and cabbage in the tacos. Spicy pork buns ($9) - 1 burger cut into quarters I liked that the buns were soft. We tasted the same spicy sauce in the tacos as the tacos. It was good but didn't jump out at me. Soo yook - 48-hour braised beef ($12) I'd skip this one "Galbi ssäm" set - short rib ($20) I liked the galbi. Flavourful and not too much fat (I usually leave the fat behind). Service Our server could've been more friendly/pleasant. She wasn't rude but didn't appear very welcoming either. Maybe that's the casual vibe they're going for? Reservations They do take reservations, but when we arrived it didn't seem like we needed one on a Tuesday night around 7:45pm. I used OpenTable anyway to get points.
2_star How is his place still in business? The food ranges from mediocre to awful. The calamari in particular might be the worst I've ever had.
5_star Ron Chocolate is the best ever. Had the Mule Kick and it was off the chain. Changed the T.V channel to what we wanted to watch and accommodated our every need.
2_star The service could have been better, they messed up at least two out of four orders when I ate there. We got conflicting answers from the service staff. The atmosphere appeared hectic. The waitstaff could have been better trained. Yes, it's an airport with the prices, so I didn't feel bad to ask for things that were forgotten the first time around.
4_star Paradise is good. Wildflower is better. But there is no Wildflower in Surprise, so Paradise it is! As others have said, the tomato soup is quite delicious. I'm also a big fan of the salad with cranberries....but the name escapes me right now. The turkey wrap is average...lacking flavor. The breakfast quiche is also average. I think mine had been sitting out for a while, so maybe a fresh one would taste better? Cookies are good, but it is hard to screw up cookies. The salads are gigantic. Seriously, who needs a salad that big? I guess if you want it for lunch, dinner, and lunch the next day, what a deal! It can be a bit confusing the first time you are there since there are two lines, but you figure out that one is for the bakery, one is for the rest of the food, cafeteria style. Why do I like Wildflower better? I think their sandwiches are better, and the soup as well. The only soup I like at Paradise is the tomato soup. The others are lacking. I need flavor! I like the ambiance at Wildflower better too, although there is much more seating at the Surprise Paradise vs the Goodyear Wildflower. Overall, not a bad place to get a fresh salad for lunch.
2_star I think the Raman itself is not bad, but it is a little bit pricy according to its quality. The waiters are very friendly, but they somehow charged my bill more than its actual value, and it's not easy to communicate with them during their rush hours. Personally I think the soup is a bit watery, but it really depends on the personal taste. I would not go there often or for casual gatherings.
3_star This place is alright. The location is great; near Rave Motions and other restaurants. I have been here twice; the first time I believe was when they had barely opened. It wasn't packed or crowded. The prices were okay; but the portions were really small. We had the meatballs (3) which were really good, mashed potatoes and spaghetti which were ok (these came in side dishes). We were hungry afterwards, so we ending up ordering dessert (which we normally don't do). It seemed like we were waiting for that ice cream sandwich for days. Even one of the managers checked on us and told us it should be coming soon. You would think something so simple as an ice cream sandwich from a "meatball" restaurant would be easy peasy?! So, we were thinking it must be the real deal; liked fresh baked cookies?! Nope, it was rock, hard-solid like it came out of a freezer. What a waste. It looked so good in the picture too and the long, anticipated wait. The 2nd visit really do much for me either. No real improvement. Overall...not really a place to eat, maybe to grab drinks?! They have a nice, big bar in the middle.
2_star yo this joint sucks! they dont give us water or napkins like tha fuck kinda restaurant is this shit?!?! i try to get their attention and they ignorin my ass!!!! wheres the hospitality in dis shit??????? the food was bomb doe
4_star This was a decent buffet on the strip. They offered a lot of variety at each station with good quality food. The dessert bar was my favorite- the creme brulee and macaroons were the highlight. However, the wait to get in was a bit long. We stood in line for 30 min waiting for a table for 4 to open up at 3 pm on a Tuesday.
1_star Went there at 6PM on Saturday for a nice dinner before the Rod Stewart show at The Coliseum. Place was 3/4 empty, and hostesses (there were several, all chatting with each other and genuinely uninterested in customer service) seated us at a table without setups, no glassware, no napkins. Ten minutes later, busboy shows up - seriously, we timed it - with silverware and water glasses. The waiters kept stopping by the hostess station, lots of arm waving and rolling eyes - not looking good. At 6:23PM - yes, that's right, TWENTY THREE MINUTES after being seated - the waiter dropped by to take a drink order. We asked if we would be able to make the 7:30 show, and the waiter said probably not. Wow. We left and dropped $200 at another restaurant that was far more interested in service, had a wonderful meal, made the awesome show... And will never return to Central again. Clearly customer service is not a priority at Central. If you've got unlimited time and don't mind being ignored or made to feel inconsequential, this is your kind of place!
5_star I came for happy hour and it has been my best experience on the Vegas strip. The food was good but what stood out was the service. The hostess was friendly, the supervisor went around to tables to see if people were happy with their meals but our server, Michael, was the BEST!!!! If you can request for him-DO IT. I've had enough bad restaurant experiences to really appreciate a good one in Vegas. I will definitely come back
5_star This has been my favorite Thai Restaurant since moving to Las Vegas by far. It's incomparable to other Thai places out there that my family and I have been to. I find their food very tasty. Yes, sometimes service can be slow but it's usually because they are short staffed so that's forgivable. We have complained about a loud waitress who was just starting back then but she seemed to have toned down so that was nice. What matters is that we love the place, managers, friendly staff, and of course the food. I give it 5 stars.
4_star Tuesday is the day to come to Bar Marco! Although they have No Menu Mondays- where they bring in a different guest chef every Monday to cook a special dinner that usually benefits a charity- Tuesday's they have $5 specials on select appetizers (including their burger) and cocktails. This means you can come by and get a gourmet burger served with bacon and rosemary aioli and a hand crafted cocktail for $10, plus a hip atmosphere and sexy ambiance included for free. Cheers to that!
1_star We came here for football Sunday. Breakfast only until 11. They serve wings over potatoes for breakfast, but won't serve wings by themselves because they're on the lunch menu...huh??? Ok...can I do a salad? You know rabbit food in a bowl? That can't be too much. You know some lettuce? Nope, we can't do that because it's in the lunch menu!!! Wth? Manager comes over...our kitchen can't accommodate 1 otherwise we have to do it for all...seriously you have 10! 10 people in your establishment on football Sunday! That's the problem...your customer service sucks! It's not management at the stores it's the ownership higher up management! Sad, sad, sad! Just wanted some damn rabbit food!
3_star Decent food, but good desserts. Like I said, there is decent food, but expect a good wait. Last time I was there, there was a 15-20 minute wait.
2_star Rather than detail each item served lets just say they had a bad day as the service was slow and not very friendly or accurate with our orders and what was served was very poor at best. I might try again as I know they can do better from others I have been to. Everyone has a bad day once in a while. Sorry!
3_star My fiancé and I decided to check out rawhide and while the atmosphere and theme of everything was pretty cool, the food wasn't that great. We tried the rocky mountain oysters since I've never tried it before. It had no flavor to it other than the breading and even that wasn't anything spectacular. The steak was bland althought cooked correctly to my request (med rare). The ribs were ok too. They had a sweet glaze to them not the usual BBQ sauce. I did enjoy the corn on the cobb, Texas toast, and smashed potatoes.
1_star NOT Gluten Free! I requested a gluten free avocado sandwich. The sandwich was brought to the table with the the statement "we are out of avocados." I took 2 bites and realized something was wrong. I went back to the server and asked if she were sure it was a gluten free? She came back to the table with a plate of bread and said "no, not all the way but here is gluten free bread for you." I handed her back my original plate shocked And she walked away. No I'm sorry. No what can I do. Very ignorant as to what gluten free means. Eat at your own RISK!
3_star I've been going back to Vince regularly each week for the past month and I've decided to upgrade it by one star because the service has improved since I last reviewed the restaurant. I find that going early in the morning when the restaurant opens is the best time to go. It's not so busy at that hour and service tends to be more attentive. If you go often enough and the waiters recognize you, they will obviously treat you better. I still think the dim sum here is good. I recommend the shrimp dumpling in papaya soup and their rice noodle rolls. Sometimes the latter is hit or miss, but generally, I find that Vince makes one of the best rice noodle rolls in town! The skin is thin and wrapped tightly around the contents, which is how rice noodle rolls are supposed to be made. So what made me come back to Vince in the first place? I was looking for a restaurant that's nice and quiet on a weekend morning and this place doesn't really get busy until 10:00 AM, and what brought me back a second and third time is that the service gradually improved with each visit. Most of all, I can yum cha for hours and they won't rush me.
4_star I love these hot sandwiches. It is a big rtion that I can rarely finish in one sitting. If you eat in, you also get fries for free. The service is pretty quick, although they do get quite busy at lunch time. The sandwiches come out hot and to order. I usually get the Pittsburgh Cheesesteak with L,T,M,O and always enjoy it. They also offer adding an egg, which can be yummy. Highly recommend for a delicious hot sandwich at lunch or dinner. Negatives: - The restaurant itself looks kinda run-down from the furniture, to the floors, to the poor lighting. Although they seem to be going for an "old" look, it could really use a facelift. - They only take CASH. They have a ATM-like machine to get cash, but it will charge you for the transaction. - Wish they were open late!
5_star Yum! I made reservations for 5pm before the Leafs game on Sunday. We got a corner half boot/half table infront of a TV (hubby loves to be at a tv in a sports bar). They have a ton of beers on tap and they sell you samples for $1.77 which is cool, so you don't have to worry about not liking it if you really want to try all the flavours. My cousin got the first beer on the list, it was like a fruity pop type beer , which I liked because I am not a beer drinker. The nachos are not skimpy on the toppings, loved that! The wings came out with celery and carrots and ranch sauce (which may not seem like a big thing, but some places don't bother with those extras, which suck because you spend so much on wings!) My cousin had the black been and corn quesadilla , which to me seems to be lacking fillings, but she liked it, she's vegetarian..so at least she had options. Her BF got the avocado BLT type sandwich, looeds pretty big and yummy. Deffinately would come back for another pre-game, pre-concert, pre-event ( I go to the ACC a LOt!) drink! All in all the best item, hands down, were the nachos. They layered the toppings and cheese (so you don't have a bunch of naked chips at the bottom), and were generous on the toppings, came out with salsa and sour cream (no extra charge for those) OH! Forgot...Sundays are "Cesar Sundays" ..$3.00 dollars for my fave mixed drink..Cesars..normally $7.50. They have 3 to chose from, vodka, gin or tequila. 5 stars because it is an unintimidating sports bar/bar with reasonable prices, and good food, and the service was good too.
2_star I understand it's lobsterfest however there was no one in lobby and many tables available and we still had to wait. The hostess was very unfriendly. After being seated our waitress was really slow and kept forgetting to bring us items. Then my main entree finally came out and there was hair in it. The manager didnt even come out to apologize or rectify it. A new dish was finally brought out. They wouldn't remove it from our bill nor offer any discounts. Extremely disappointed.
5_star Great perch dinners Wed and Fridays
5_star This is my review from almost a year ago. I'm going back tomorrow night and will update on the takeout experience!! ----- Even though this restaurant doesn't seem to need another glowing review, this was, as my boyfriend put it, 'the best meal he'd ever had.' I went with him and my mom for an early dinner before the opera. We made reservations just in case, as I had been denied the tasty Thai food on two previous occasions. Even though it was a Wednesday, at least half of the tables had reserved placards on them, so it seemed like we made the right choice. The hostess sat us and took drink orders, but we didn't see her again for about 15 minutes when she came back to confirm our order of Jasmine tea. We had water so it wasn't a huge deal. Our waiter came to take our order and suggested the red curry, the pad thai and st10, a peanutty stir fry. We also got an order of coconut rice. The food came out really quickly and was absolutely delicious. I felt like I needed to upgrade the taste receptors in my mouth to fully experience the flavours in the food because there was so much of it my brain couldn't handle the deliciousness. We ended up taking leftovers with us (plus an extra order of coconut rice) and I'm happy to say the food was just as delicious this morning as it was last night!
5_star this is the BEST place to grab a quick slice of pizza. It's right on your way leaving Marquee, the employees are so friendly, and the pizza tastes just as good when you're as it does when you're drunk ;)
5_star My all time fave sushi place in town Friendly staff! Great service as always. The place is always packed. My favorite is their calamari and mango roll. Will be coming back for more!
3_star Okay place, good food, good prices, strip friendly location...what more can you ask for? Most of the food here can also be cooked lao style which is way better than the american-washed thai style stuff out there so go try it out....I go there all the time when im in vegas
3_star Love their tacos but they are pricy also not to big of establishment that makes it hard to eat in a small place
1_star I went here with 4 other friends. We all got FOOD POISONING the next day. I highly do NOT recommend this place.
5_star Me and my son's favorite place! Get the Ecuadorean tamales and seco de pollo! Apple soda is great too! PS: Expect slower service, because it is TRULY mom and pop. If you go in with this attitude, you'll really enjoy the experience. If you want quick, timely servers that ask you how food is every 30 seconds, you may want to try Olive Garden or something.
3_star I usually like this place but this evening I ordered a brisket sandwich and must report that it was sadly not up to par. It was over cooked and very dry. I had to over saturate it with sauce eat., Normally the meat is quite juicy and overall the sandwich or brisket alone are really good choices... I certainly hope this is not any indication of things to come, because if what I ate this time was typical or becomes the new standard I will avoid this place without question.
3_star Good food but odd that they lost my lunch order. Thanks to those manning the counter who realized I was waiting and filled the order on the spot.
4_star Decent grilled chicken. Better deal and taste than Swiss Chalet. A bit inconsistent over the few times I have been there, but always good service. For this area, it's the best grilled chicken place.
4_star My experience at this Boston pizza was good. I went in during a Thursday afternoon and there was no wait time. The service was good and our food came out in 10-15mins after our appetizers. There was nothing wrong with the food it tasted good like it normally does at any other Boston pizza.
3_star Tried this place today because Baby Stacks is usually so busy and I had been wanting to give it a go for a while. After this one visit all I can say is it is mediocre and I am not eager to come back. The service was good - not fantastically attentive but very friendly. We had 4 different waitresses over the course of the meal so it seems they rely on each other which is fine. My plate was pretty disappointing. I ordered the corned beef hash with eggs over-easy and fruit instead of hash browns. They gave me hash browns as a mistake but immediately brought over a cup of fruit, which was a mug of cantaloupe and orange only but fresh. My first complaint is the eggs - they looked cooked but once I cut into the yolk there was a lot of clear raw egg white. This just isn't appetizing to me so I had to scoop a lot of it and the hash it ran into off my plate. Second complaint is the corned beef in the hash. It just wasn't very good. The beef is in cubes, not shredded, so the consistency was chewy and the flavor was slightly amiss. I tried the hash browns since they were there but they were pretty greasy and soggy. My English muffin didn't come with butter on it so I asked for some and it was really cold, too cold to spread. It may seem that I am being nit-picky but breakfast should be easy especially when it is this simple. Overall the people are nice and my bf enjoyed his steak and eggs for what it was. Next time, though, I think I'll brave the crowd at baby Stacks.
2_star Didnt like how they cooked the turkey burger it made me sick after but the restaurant is clean and staff is very nice. Wouldnt come back to try this one but would try other walburgers like the one in Boston MA there food is great they're.
4_star Despite the fact that they are a national chain, BJs actually has really great pizza. They have a large beer selection, including a sampler and different seasonal brews. They have a large menu with the usual apps (wings, southwest eggrolls), pastas, burgers, salads, and pizza. My husband and I come here for their deep dish pizza- the crust is buttery and cooked to perfection. Their traditional cheese is delicious and topped with chunks of tomatoes, and they have great specialty pizzas like bbq chicken or spinach and artichoke. Dessert here is also the bomb- deep dish baked to order cookies called pizookies, available in different flavors and topped with ice cream (my fav is the oreo).
5_star Forget all the chains ,Forget the Bars, Forget Canes They can't compare to the chicken shack.They have a top quality product and they deliver the goods every single time. You have read the reviews and they are all true. If you order 5 fingers and fries you better be hungry there is nothing frozen here and the quality of the chicken is amazing! The fries are like shoestring fries seasoned lightly and you get a big portion of them with your combo. The wings are just as large I ordered the 3 fingers and 3wings a great way to try them both. Better choices of types of sauce too but the best way is plain with sauce on the side Come Hungry and Enjoy!
1_star People made this place seem like the best place to get a burger but honestly... it doesn't live up to the hype. Not groundbreaking at all. My boyfriend and I left really disappointed, especially after spending $30 here (2 burgers, fries, and a drink). Definitely not worth the money. It took forever to get our food, and when we did get it, my burger came out wet and soggy? Literally there was water at the bottom of my plate and it was just so unappetizing I couldn't get past three bites (coming from someone who doesn't lose their appetite easily). On top of that, the cashier who was taking my order was giving me dirty looks when I was nothing but polite. Not really sure how I offended her but ok..... Bottom line - I don't get annoyed easily but this place is the one exception. Please don't waste your hard earned cash here when there are about a billion other burger joints in this town. So not worth it!!!!!
4_star I just love their food and great mojitos! The lobster quesadilla is out of this world! And the mango pico that comes with it is the perfect compliment for the seafood inside. MY next fav is the mango chile duck breast. Very rich and med rare is fantastic. They just got a new chocolate cake in and I have definitely gone back for seconds. It's not quite all chocolate but that's what I like. It's surprising in each bite. All in all, "modern mexican" is the right term for this place. If you want a three dollar menudo hangover cure try the fillibertos down the st. This is a twist on regular mexican, good quality, and well thought out.
2_star They make it VERY AND BY VERY, I mean EXTREMELY difficult to make a simple substitution to your order. For example, it you don't eat hush puppies and slaw but would like a baked sweet potato instead they want to charge you am extra $1 even if you don't get the other two items. I've mentioned these issues to the wait staff on many occasions. However, their management just seems to be VERY stubborn about it. Another issue is that you can only get a salad as a side when you order a broiled platter. Why discriminate? If I want a fried platter but with a salad as the side you have to pay an additional $3+ to get it. I don't get it. I've been eating at mayflower restaurants for over 20 years and this one just won't budge. Food is great, but serving the customer is sub pat.
1_star If there was a an option to give zero stars I would've picked it and left it at that but I have never been so tempted to walk out in my entire life. The quality was horrible. The manager/bartender was on her phone texting the whole time and decided to sit down and leave us waiting on our drinks for forever without even an apology or acknowledgement. Don't come here. Ever. Please save yourself from spending money on bad sushi and drinks you won't feel even if you chug and order more.
1_star Not impressed tried to go for lunch they sat us down and forgot us. Only attempted to take our order After we got up to leave. Never going back
1_star We used to come here at least once a month, was fantastic. At this point we wont return again. Slow service, mediocre food - a manager who looks shell shocked. Sorry Buca, you've lost us forever.
5_star What a great surprise this restaurant was! Go to Sonoran Salon monthly, but hadn't given the Grotto Cafe a try for anything more than ice tea & great lattes. Today went for lunch with husband and throughly enjoyed our yummy grilled sandwiches. Welcomed and encouraged back to try breakfast by a gracious manager. Yes, we will be back!!
2_star Two stars cause the salad was crisp. The chicken was terrible. They should use a higher quality of meat. The service was horrible. Somebody please tell me where i can get a good chicken bowl
4_star DELICIOUS! The girl who took my order wasn't very pleasant. This is the only reason I didn't give 5 stars. She had an attitude. Wouldn't look at me when she handed me my change and was just overall rude. The cooks were on point tho. I will go here again but not this location which SUCKS bc it's 2 minutes from my house...
2_star Apathetic young staff, decent pizza. Host was about 22 years old. Never smiled. Could care less that we had arrived to spend our cash. Server-same thing: explained nothing regarding the menu. Our experience was that everyone was on auto pilot and bored/bothered. If you want to be treated special it's not here. On a positive note, the pizza by the slice was good.
2_star Mama Mia Too wants to be a good restaurant. It is a charming place inside, and the staff seems very earnest. It wants to be a place where regulars go, sometimes with friends, to enjoy fine dining. The food does not meet those expectations. My own sense is that the volume of business is not enough to produce excellence from their extensive and ambitious menu.
3_star The food is good but on a number of occasions I've felt as if I am intruding on teen basement party: loud music, staff yelling at each other over the customers' conversations, tables coated with previous diner's drippings. Last Wednesday I sat at the least filthy table and suddenly, after I started to eat, a staff member began to spray and wipe my table. She seemed to resent that I was not taking my burrito out. This place needs a grownup manager to remind the staff that they are at work, and that customers serve an important role in a business The atmosphere should be mre welcoming.
3_star Nice atmosphere and reasonable prices. Food was just ok...not bad but probably won't be in a hurry to come back. Restaurant was empty but they had the check on my table before I put my for down...wierd service.
1_star Good food .... But the worst service I've ever had .... If you don't ask for service you won't get it
3_star I was visting Las Vegas and my family came down from Utah to have lunch with us while we were up there. We tried to go to a catfish place, but they were closed so I managed to find this gem on my iPhone. Yes, it's a bit off the strip, but it was yummmmy. First walking in, it's really small and kinda cheesy looking but the waiter was ok not overly friendly though, but cute. :) The menu is kinda small, but it was still hard to make a decision, everything sounded good. I finally settled on good ole chicken fried steak with mac n cheese and mashed potatos. I know, it's not the greens and stuff people would get here, but I'm picky. :) The fried chicken was supposed to be amazing so my boyfriend ordered that, my grandma got catfish and my uncle had the shrimp etouffe. After placing our orders, the guy came back and told me they were out of chicken fried steak, wtf?! So I changed my order to friend shrimp. It took awhile to get the food out, which is okay because it was homemade. But we only got our glasses filled up once while we were there and we had to flag the guy down to do it. And they wern't busy so I was really confused as to why our service wasn't better. Seriously, there was like no one in there. After a bit, our waiter brought us out some cornbread, and oh lord, I don't know if I was starving or if it was really that good, but I ate it up so quick. It was sweet cornbread with yummy melty butter on it. Sigh, it was great. Bad thing is they don't give you unlimited, only one per person. The food finally came, and I think all around everyone was pretty pleased. My shrimp was huge and done in cornmeal, I've never had it that way before but it was delicious all the same. They didn't have any coctail sauce which kinda stunned me but whatev, Their tartar sauce was good and I don't normally like it so eh. Mac and cheese and potatoes you could tell were homemade, nice and cheesy and hot. :) The fried chicken was good, nothing to quite write home about, same for the catfish. HOWEVER, the shrimp etouffe was absolutely AMAZING! It had a nice cream sauce, big pieces of shrimp, like basically yummy looking. But you bite into it and flavor explodes in your mouth. It was kinda spicy, but not overbearing and so.... uh... delicious! Anyway, all in all a fun experience, definitely something out of my comfort zone, worth the trip, but pretty pricey. Be prepared to drop some dough here. Looking at like $15+ per person. Pay with cash, their credit card/debit card thing is weird. They can only do it in increments of $10 and then give you cash back, kinda rubbed me the wrong way.
5_star Tucked into a tiny little space next to BaskinRobins, this place doesn't really stand out that much - just goes to show that one can't judge a book by its cover, because the food is amazing! I ordered pickup, so my time spent in the store wasn't a lot, but I had a very good first impression. The interior looked very clean and well maintained. Far beyond half the the food places I usually go to. It's cozy, but not too overwhelming like a lot of the coffee shops. I could see myself spending an hour or more here (maybe I will next time I come). The service was nice, promt, and most importantly, felt very personal. I had ordered a croissant Tijuana sandwich and their famous Poutine. Was very impressed with how it looked: usually food doesn't look as good as the advertisement, but this looked better! See how the cheese stretched? While the Tijuana satisfied me, I'll be looking to try another sandwich next time. It's still one of the best sandwiches I've ever eaten, but it was just a little too well blended for me: the first bite tasted exactly the same as the last. Very good as comfort food, but not very...exciting. The poutine, though! Everything the reviews said and more! I'll admit, I had doubts and deliberated a long time before choosing to order it. Who wants limp fries instead of crispy ones? Well, the potato skins more than make up for the lack of crispiness. And, the cheese and gravy on top adds much more flavor than mere salt. Plus, the texture is amazing! You don't really feel like you're eating fries, really. I really don't know what else to say to describe how wonderful this dish is. And it looks so very tasty!This Poutine is a "must order"...although you might want to order it by itself instead of with a sandwich like me. The portions are enormous; I think it might last me enough for three whole meals.
2_star The first time I went, it was fairly crowded and I really enjoyed it - because conversation was not on my agenda that night. My subsequent visits have been when it was quieter - well, there were no people there but the music was as loud as it it had been when full. We had service from two different people, one was a pleasant and speedy young man, the other from a woman who had delusions of her own importance in the greater scheme of things. Why work in the service industry if you don't like people? I don't get it! We did not have a full meal, just drinks and appetizers and they were good. The ambience is great and having just returned from the Caribbean, it was rather nice to enjoy that atmosphere. But we were driven out by the excessively loud music. I have spoken to several people who have been there who no longer go as they say the music is always loud. Daytime, nighttime, full of young people, empty of all but a couple of older people - the music is still excessively loud. I wanted to go again and dragged a reluctant friend promising we would sit outside so it will be quieter :) The music is as conversation killing outside as it is inside. Perhaps it is the acoustics of the mezzanine - who knows.
4_star We order the 2 in 1 halibut with poutine and slaw on the side. The portion is huge. The slaw and poutine tasted good, especially the slaw was seasoned well. They gave us and extra piece of fish as one of the piece was small. The fish tasted fresh and meaty and it went well with the tartar sauce. I did find there were a little bit parts of the fish was dry. The service was good as the server were knowledgable to explain how each of the fish tastes. They only accept cash. visa and m/c.
5_star I have been coming here for a long time - before it became CC's it was Chuy's, one of my favorite places for a casual meal. When Chuy's closed I was pretty bummed out. I am so glad that Angela and Joyce took over and kept the place going - with pretty much the same recipes! The food is as good as ever! Great food, fair prices and a self serve chips and salsa bar. How can you go wrong? Highly recommend the 1/2 or 1/4 chicken, although the salad is really goo too.
4_star Delicious sausages, but I wish they had some gluten-free substitutions for the bread.
2_star Since Flower Child has opened in this location I have been waiting for the opportunity to visit. I am very familiar with other restaurants in the area but this week chose to take a friend out of for lunch and she was keen to check it out. The service was great at the counter and we didn't have to wait long. I was taken aback at the price of a bowl plus salmon but thought it would be worth it. I was shocked at the tiny amount of food, almost as if it was the end of 'pot' Thw salmon was infinitesimal and, for a moment, I thought it was a joke. $9 for the bowl and $7 for the salmon was ridiculous. I have no problem spending on good food and I would rather have gone to St Francis and paid $10 more for their Superfood Salmon dish or to Sauce across the road, $13 for a generous proportion of quinoa, arugula and salmon. I have never been disappointed with that. I feel incredibly let down as I had high expectations. There are so many great eating places along the Camelback Corridor that one doesn't have to be shortchanged for a high dollar.
4_star Reviewed Dish: Thai Basil Noodle with Chicken I was surprised the Thai Basil Noodle tasted exactly the same as Salad King, then I found out the chef from Salad King started this restaurant! The meat here tasted better than Salad King. It's a pity it so far away from Yonge Street. Reviewed during: Mon - Fri Lunch time Service Speed: N/A Cooking speed: 4 / 5 Food Quality: 5 / 5 Food Quantity: 4 / 5 Price: 5 / 5 Cleanness: / 5 Repeat: Yes
1_star We had lunch there on 7/29/12 Before going inside the tables outside had dirty plates on them. When we went to order the person behind counter says the grill was closed the grill person did not come in. We ordered sandwiches. What sandwich the salami had so little on it , 3 very thin slices and very little cream cheese on the other bagel. Actually, what cream chesse? The workers there said that IS WHAT the OWNER WANTS.The bathrooms , kitchen and the eating area was also very dirty. Where is the health department. The manager needs help on running a businnes It could be a really good place
2_star Sushi was good but the other stuff we eat was not, over priced for what we had, nice service.
1_star I've been to the Hot N Juicy locations in vegas and loved the food and service, but sadly the Westgate location is a joke. Definitely hurting the brand. I've given this location a few tries, each time hoping they've improved, but enough is enough. The service is horrible, even after they supposedly flew in all-star staff from other locations to train the staff after their horrible launch during the super bowl. They always have empty tables and a ton of staff wandering around like they dont know what to do, yet their service is so slow and unorganized. Not sure if they franchised this location, regardless, they need to fire the franchisee or the manager. Food comes out luke warm at best, wrong order or at random times so everyone at the table feels awkward that only one person has food. Seriously, who gives you your rice 20 min before your seafood??? So that when you actually eat the rice with the entree it's already cold and nasty. Plus their revolving door of newbie servers suck as if they hire anyone. Their crappy servers just provide justification for their screw ups and defend their "backed up" kitchen. My wife ordered a pound of shrimp and what came out was definitely not a pound, instead only 9 pieces of luke warm shrimp. All the server did was say "oh, the kitchen double checks the weight, that's one pound." What a complete idiot. We had to grab the assistant manager ourselves who fixed the situation fast. He's probably the only bright person working there. He's a skinny asian dude that has served us before. If you actually still want to try this location, you'll be lucky if you get him. The rest of the staff have no idea what customer service is. My advice: go to a different Westgate restaurant or if you want similar food, go to Angry Crab instead. They know how to treat their customers.
3_star Our first time here and close to a 4, but the pizza just took too long to come out. Our server was excellent. When hearing I like different kind of beers he offered three samples. He also led us towards the unique and tasty yukon gold pizza. Great thing about the place is you can split the specialty pies. We split with the kosmic karma. Totally different from the potato, but really good. Crust is flavorful and we enjoyed it. Half order of hot wings were just ok. Not really hot, one off the wings should have been tossed from the batch and the ones that turned out were just alright. Good beer, good pizza, good service - just have to be a little faster getting them out, especially since it was not busy at all. I'd go back, but maybe not if I had to keep a schedule.
3_star I've been to the Location on the strip at the former Imperial Palace now called the Linq, and was excited that new location opened up around my area. The food was amazing as per usual, BUT The service was terrible! It looked like they only had one server covering six tables which is tough and I get it but you gotta keep your cool. The waitress comes up to us and asks us if we are ready to order and we we told her no since we were waiting for our third person to show up and she yells THANK GOD, and walks away to oversee her other tables. I'm like I get you're all by yourself and busy but lady keep your feelings to yourself and check it at the door. The entire experience was annoying she later on rushed us to get our orders and our third person showed up and was rushing her to get her order. To the point she drops off our food and not even 10 minutes later she drops off the check! We open to check out our total and put the check book down to continue eating, it felt like a minute later she comes to our table and opens our checkbook to see if we put our form of payment like I'm like excuse me ? And she just walks away. In the end I love the food which is why I'm giving this place 3 stars, but management really needs to evaluate how their servers act and retrain them on how to offer customer service.
5_star Best kabob's in Madison. The service is also great. I have been here with different crowd sizes and have always left happy and satisfied.
2_star Food is good but service is lacking. Not expecting amazing service but at least shorter wait times and when I ask for extra, extra garlic, and I pay extra, please don't make me come back and ask for more.
1_star I was @ the dennys on Tyvola Rd on 9/27/14 around 11:50am The restaurant was not full at all but I had to wait 10 minutes which I was ok with. It was a friend of mine, his neece(4 year old), my son (8 year old) and my self. After we sat down we waited ten minutes before we were asked by our waitress what would we like to drink, which we went ahead and told her the drinks we would like along with the food order since we already had enough time to look at the menu since we were not approached for 10 minutes and also we had 2 small kids that needed to be fed. The waitress left and a few minutes later she brought the drinks. We waited 1 hour and 10 minutes minutes from the time of the drinks before we asked her , about the food. Within that time that we waited we heard yelling coming from the kitchen and screaming from the lady that we later knew it was the manager. She was yelling at the employees and saying things like "move your ass" ,"get this plate out of here now" she was rude to her employees and was not professional to maintain certain conversations from being heard by the customers . We just wanted to eat, so we didnt pay attention to the yelling that much. When we asked the waitress about the food, She politely said that it was coming, I personally dont think it was her fault at all, it was more the kitchen and the manager on duty. The waitress said it was coming and went to the kitchen to check upon the order, we also heard her say to the kitchen crew "why is table 22's ticket not on the screen", she was arguing with the kitchen crew and they replied that maybe it had "Expired". We asked another waitress for our table number and she said it was 22, so we quickly realized that it was our ticket and food that was missing and thats why we never received the food, we call the waitress and ask her to please explain what was going on, she said that the ticket was not on file but that they were going to make it right away, which I replied politely to speak to the manager. I just wanted an explanation since the restaurant was not even full, and i saw employess just walking around. When the manager came to our table (she is Caucasian) all I said was that "I been waiting for more than an hour with 2 small kids that need to be fed, I told her that I didnt understand why it was taking so long to make our food, she replied and said I dont really know whats going on, or what happened, all I can tell you is that it seems like your order got lost, I was really dissapointed by this time that all I said is I would like the total for my drinks and that way I can go somewhere else", and her reply was "its nothing, good bye! and yelled to the kitchen STOP making the FOOD!. She never apologize or never even cared to try to find a appropriate explanation. When we got up and were walking out and the table behind us, said that the waiting time was ridiculous, and that they waited about the same. The table across us, a family with 4 small kids also got up and left when we left. I rarely write reviews, but I think this experience has been one of the worst Ive been in so it deserves to be shared and maybe they can fix whatever they are lacking in. This store just opened for more than 6 months, and should not be having this kinds of problems. They need better managing skills, someone who is professional and someone who at least cares for costumer service when its needed.
5_star Squid Ink is one of my favorite sushi places for a few reasons. happy hour til 7? YES...it's the only one I ever make it to on time, (even if it is 6:51 when I arrive haha) They have simple options, but also some unique and more complex dishes. Love the ambience-the bar is outdoor and indoor, so you can sit outside but still feel like you are inside.The artwork is very unique and clearly not purchased at iKea or Target... :)
3_star This was my first experience with Ethiopian food and I was really excited to try something new and different. I had heard about these large pancake like things filled with delicious savory food. But this dining experience fell short of my expectations. One star is easily knocked off purely for poor service. I felt bad for the dude working there, but he was acting as host, food runner, and waiter for the entire restaurant. If he was rushing, he could possibly have pulled this off since it is a small restaurant. No rushing was occurring. It took at least 15 to 20 minutes to get water. And that wasn't even for the whole table, he brought ONE water for a table of two, and promised he'd be back with the other water shortly. Another 10 minutes later we got the second water. This excruciatingly slow service carried over into having our order taken and to ultimately paying the bill. We got the chicken doro wat and and vegetarian combo. The pancake-y thing was a strange, rubbery consistency that I was not too keen on. But the actual chicken and veggie dishes were quite interesting and flavorful. Basically, the service killed it. Do not go here if you are in a rush.
4_star Been here a few times. Sometimes the food is spot on and delicious and sometimes not so much. The apps are always good and so are the desserts. Main dishes especially the steak is always leather like and very hard to digest. Chicken, soups and breakfast items have always been tasty. We've been here a few times and enjoy most of our meals. As a non Spanish speaker we try different stuff and some of it might simply not be the flavor and preparation we're used to.
5_star Their alfredo pizza is the best! We also love their lasagna, calzones, and chicken salads. Luciano's is always near the top of our list for a great local restaurant.
2_star This location is closed. Don't know if it will reopen, seemed out of place for the vibe it was trying to capture.
2_star Decided to give Deluca's a try one Sunday for lunch because we were on the strip and I was in the mood for breakfast/brunch food. Overall, I'd have to say that I left thinking it was nothing special and, later, feeling like it was very overhyped, when I found out Deluca's is somewhat of a Pittsburgh Icon. Food was ok, but I did find HAIR IN MY FRENCH TOAST. Which of course, made things rather unappealing, even after a new order was brought to me. Service was average to poor. The server didn't seemed to be too shocked or sorry about the fact that there was hair in my food.
4_star Except for a handful of items on their menu, the food tastes exactly like Bamiyan Kabob. Things that are different - less busy, smaller, parking lot is a big mess on a Friday/Saturday night. Arrive early or you're going to be parking across the street. This restaurant shares a parking lot with a few other establishments, hence why the lack of parking. We came with a group of 10 and were lucky that we got a table. A few other parties came in after and had wait for a spot to sit. The food took 20 minutes to arrive, but it was good - slightly less in terms of portion size compared to bamiyan, but it was good. Their chicken breast and tikka chicken was good. I did not enjoy their beef kabob - bamiyan is that winner here. Good, friendly service - will come again!
4_star Have to say: this is the BEST most authentic Indian food I've ever had! Both in Toronto and Calgary! I ordered mixed vegetable curry to go. Decent price.
2_star @ Isabella C. - Totally nailed it. Have been wanting to come here for a while and finally had an excuse to meet a friend from out of town. We were seated outside and ordered drinks...that arrived about 25 minutes later after asking about them (two bottled beers). I attempted to order the PLT...which the waitress said they were out of (out of bacon, lettuce and tomato?). Anyways, I ordered the pork sandwich instead and it was as Average is it gets - alot of bread, less than stellar amount of meat, no recognizable flavor. Service was slow and less than attentive. Might give this a shot for dinner but other than that, this JUST OK.
2_star Flash in the pan! Not worth your time. Sudo gourmet fast food. Creative menu with great ideas, just lacking a lot. I would ship it.
2_star Okay,when we had to wait 15 mins for our drink order (not even a glass of water) we knew we were in trouble. Service was abysmally slow although they explained (only later) that they were short-staffed. They still had more staff than we see in the other restaurants in the area. Food was ok, but again we had a long wait for the bill. Had to ask twice for it. Not worth the noisy atmosphere nor the slow service.
5_star Great meat quality, came in late and it wasn't too busy so service was not a problem like in other reviews. Awesome cooooold japanese beer!
3_star Disappointing first experience. I had high hopes but if a pizza place can't get the pizza right, I don't think it's worth returning. The sauce was good...as was the outer crust, but the pizza itself was soggy in the middle and there was hardly any cheese on it. The prices were...middle of the road. For the size, I felt they were a bit overpriced. Especially considering they were soggy.
4_star Stopped for lunch and got a pork souvlaki pita. Pork was cooked just right and all the ingredients were tasty abd fresh. Friendly staff and a light, clean atmosphere. Would definitely go back.
4_star The Habit Burger Grill is such a great place to go out to enjoy a burger! It's a grill with quality service and quality food. Its a small casual place where you can sit with a group of friends, laugh and enjoy your food. The place is welcoming and friendly, the employees are great workers by showing pride in their job. You can walk in and right away fall in love with the place. Adding to it is the food ! The burgers are juicy and well made, they aren't like the other fast food where the burger has bad presentation. They have everything a buyer needs and you can even adjust it to your pleasure.The wait is a little long but its worth it. The fries are the best I've tried, they are crispy and have great flavor. The place its self is also great ! its clean, and the style is nice. Its not too loud and its family friendly. My brother took me and my nephews had a great time enjoying our burger at Habit Burger Grill.
1_star This is my first experience at this restaurant. The place is ok, i guess their idea is to make you feel like home. However, the service is really bad. There is no courtesy at all, you can tell that they don't enjoy their job. You better have ready what you want because any single thing that you want to change in your order right after the waitress wrote in her piece of paper will make them mad and that's when their ok mood will change. I can tell that they hire anyone, because there is not courtesy or any sign of education. And I won't forget that my girlfriend ordered coffee and they brought the coffee in a cup that it looked I want to think that the dishwasher couldn't wash it correctly because the cup still had the red lipstick from the previous customer that used the cup. REALLY UNACCEPTABLE. We brought that to the waitress attention and she didn't even acknowledge or say anything about the nasty cup the she brought us, she just took it and brought us another cup of coffee. In conclusion this place needs to be a little more clean and they need to have people with better customer service skills.
2_star So this place use to be awesome. Well at least I remember it being awesome. I remember the pizza was better and I remember the Greek fries were hella awesome. It's not so awesome anymore. I had the fries recently and they kind sucked, I was super disappointed. It was too cheesy, the dressing that it comes with didn't have the flavor it had. The fries left me feeling wanting. And to think, I used a cheat day on those fries makes me feel worse lol.
3_star I recently went here with family and was pleasantly surprised! The last time I was here was when I was a kid so I was expecting the quality and atmosphere to have deteriorated. The food was actually (for the most part) quite good and the service was on top of it. Although the food is not the *best*, it was still pretty decent for the price and was above buffet food standards. I would recommend this place for families as there are a ton of young kids around. Just be prepared to take a long nap after cause of all those carbs!
3_star This place has really good pizza and wings but our waitress was so rude. She was a redhead and we asked for ranch 3 times just to be ignored and every time we ordered something she looked annoyed. We had to get up and walk to the cashier and ask for ranch ourselves. I would've rated 5 stars if it weren't for the customer service.
1_star Arrived at 8:20 pm and was told they were closing in a few minutes and we would do a to go order just for you. Seriously, you had 3-4 table still dining and your establishment always closed at 9 pm. Been a loyal customer but sorry you may have just lost one. Good luck with wanting to leave home early for a Friday night.
4_star Wasn't a huge ramen fan -- until now. That being said, this place is the epitome of ramen. I had the tonkatsu. Super flavorful. Gyoza were really good too. I was in Japan last year and ate a bunch of ramen. This place is very authentic. Super long lines, tiny place. Get there early or bring something to do.
2_star The regular Holy Chuck (signature) burger - double beef patty with cheese, bacon, carmelized onion - was just ok. The meat was moist but underseasoned and the bun was soggy and had no taste or texture. If I go back, I would order something more unique, since that seems to their thing. For the money, you might do better going to proper restaurant like a bar and grill or gastro bistro. Decor is similar to pizza pizza with seating, self serve coke fountain drinks (great for tasting an assortment of drinks).
3_star Chicken and waffles are awesome! And that's about it folks Don't bother with the pasta or hamburgers (was not impressed at all). Friendly staff who seemed to disappear after giving us our food .... For a long while.....
5_star We live in the neighbourhood, and started going to Stout a few months ago and had such a great experience that it has now become our "local" where we go for an after work drink, or with friends for a night out, and sometimes for special occasions such as Father's Day where we'll have meals. The beer menu is constantly changing as they get in craft beers, and international beers that are always interesting. I was surprised to find that I could get beer from my old hometown of Burlington as well as Oakville next door - all the way to beers from around Ontario, Quebec (some excellent ones) and from around the world. I like that they normally use the traditional glasses used for the particular beers (hefeweissen glasses for hefeweissen beer, glasses from the particular brewers of the beer etc.). The variety of on-tap and bottled beers is excellent, and I usually try one new beer each time we go. The service has always been excellent with very friendly (and knowledgeable) servers who seem genuinely happy to be there, and Erin (the very cheerful owner) ensuring that the service and drinks/food are all ok and that everyone is happy. We are vegetarians, and appreciate that there are a few selections for us (many pubs have just one, token veggie meal - but Stout has a few options which is great so that we don't get bored). The food we've had has been excellent, and the portions are substantial (sometimes we find it's better to just split a dish between the two of us instead of one each - unless we're particularly famished). On one occasion, some friends were with us and one of the meals wasn't cooked fully (the only time in the 15 or 20 times we've been there) - but once the staff were alerted to it, they immediately apologized, took it back and created a new meal (I suspect that most places would have tried microwaving it, but in this case they created the meal from scratch again to ensure it was correctly done and handled it very professionally). There are various areas of the pub and each are very inviting and comfortable (front room with fireplace/comfy seats/windows on to the street, the bar area, the back seating area and the patio). Sometimes the TV screens can be a bit distracting for me with sports channels playing all of the time (vs. for special events) but I think a lot of people prefer to have something like that in the background so I don't mind too much especially since the volume is turned off. I recommend Stout to friends and neighbours alike. When we have people visiting and we feel like going out in the neighbourhood - this is where we go.
3_star I was expecting robust flavor, but I was severely disappointed. The risotto was bland and inconsistent, along with the spaghetti lack spices and richness and small meatballs overpriced(I am aware it's Vegas on strip, but $56 is extreme). I returned nice day for lunch hoping the previous evening was just an off-night for the kitchen. But the salumi pizza served lackluster as well.
4_star Upon walking in, the ambiance immediately struck me as classy and definitely middle eastern. They had these cute drapes of fabric that looked like tents and ornate metalwork divided the restaurant. The menu was nicely laid out and easy to browse -- lots of good options with thorough descriptions. They have lots of options for vegetarians, vegans, and meat-lovers too... very diverse with reasonable prices. Everything we ordered came out very nicely presented and the meal came with bowls of warm, homemade pita bread and olive oil with sesame seeds. My parents and I got the Vegetarian Feast, an appetizer option with tabouli, falafel, hummus, and baba all for just $16! It was very large and very good! We also got the Shawarma appetizer for $9 which was very good too. After that we were full and could not get anything else despite other tantalizing options. Overall, a wonderful dining experience with good flavors and spices! Our waiter, Abby, was nice and helped explain some of the ethnic foods. However, towards the end of the meal, we had to wait pretty long for her to check on us and give us the check.
2_star The gentlemen in the front with the hostesses was rude. I had made my reservation the night prior. When I arrived, I requested for a table near the window for a bday. The guy mocked me. I was surprised by his lack of professionalism. I understand it's not a guarantee and I would be fine if you're unable to fulfill the request. There was no need for him to mock a guest that is about to dine at the restaurant. His action had made me decide to leave and dine elsewhere. What a shame! I still can't believe this happened at a Julian Serrano's restaurant.
4_star I got really lost looking for this place! Directionally challenged I know. But my excuse is that I'm an international traveler in your fine city! Anyway, I was starving and was determined to find this joint after reading all these great reviews. I had the 1/4 chicken leg combo, which was translated to me by a really nice couple (the menu is in French FYI). I watched in amazement as the cook chopped up the meat and piled it with a TON of fries!!! The meal could easily feed a family of four! It also comes with rice and a salad. But honestly you can't see what's underneath the giant pile of fries! The chicken had a lovely taste to it. The spicy sauce wasn't as spicy as I'd like it to be. And everything was a teensy bit too salty. If I had a friend to share it with, it would have been more manageable! All in all a great neighborhood restaurant. Seems to be hugely popular with the locals. The line was almost out the door!
5_star I flew to Las Vegas for two things: a specific concert and Gordon Ramsay Steak. I knew that the food was going to be absolutely excellent and I was right! What I had no idea of was the pleasant surprise of how absolutely incredible the staff were. In particular I would like to give a shout out to Dennis and Jayeer for their humor, professionalism, recommendations, and over all creation of a night that will absolutely last a lifetime in my memories. Thank you! Also, I loved the fifth anniversary of Hell's Kitchen special tasting menu. I knew I wanted the beef wellington and I was a little disappointed I wouldn't be able to try a little bit of everything but then magically, this new menu appeared and I was able to try all of the favourites including the carrot risotto, the famous scallop, the sticky toffee pudding, and of course, the Beef Wellington. I have never had a dining experience like this ever and I am so grateful. I highly highly highly recommend everyone go to Gordon Ramsay Steak to complete their Vegas experience!
2_star I tried 4 different tacos. This place is way over priced for street tacos at 2.95 per taco. I had 4 tacos and a drink and it was over $15. For a place that is supposed to this good there sure wasn't much of a crowd except for the group of 10 that I was with. The Mahi Mahi as of this moment is making me sick, not sure what kind of fish it was. I will not go back.
4_star We stopped in for a quick bite after a day of baseball. Fish tacos were tremendous. The Ahi Tuna salad was consumed by my son. My Mahi Mahi sandwich was great. Side of Asparagus was tasty. No chips available - it was July 4th. Fries a bit greasy. Our server Ryan, was patient and attentive. We will be going back!
5_star I love this place and make a point to stop in whenever I'm in Charlotte. The food is amazing. The atmosphere is amazing. The music is amazing. Gee-Whizz beer is amazing. The Chili is amazing. You get the point. This place may not look like much from the outside (or it looks awesome depending on your definition) but inside is a chili joint that you'll fall in love with. Lupie's focuses it's food around 3-4 unique types of chili (EVEN VEGETARIAN) that you can add to anything else on the menu (or have by itself). I recommend the Chili Slaw Burger, loaded, with jalapenos and the Texan Chili. WOW!!!! Get chips to scoop up what falls off!!!!
5_star We just tried the waffles and they were great! The overall vibe of the place is very chill and nice. I recommend it.
5_star Excellent service great from Miguel and he gave excellent food choices. Thanks Miguel.
2_star In town for work and stumbled upon this place. Amazing food and great service! Why is my rating in the mud then? I returned the very next night and sat in the very same chair at the bar and didn't just get bad service, I got no service. I sat there for 20 minutes (yes 20 minutes at the bar AND they weren't busy!) without as much as a "how d'ya do" from the server despite him seeing me. At that point I decided to cut my losses and leave with an empty stomach. I'm just glad I could justify giving these guys at least 2 stars because of the stellar service I received the first night.
3_star Good and inexpensive quite place. Not the best place in the world but would come back again. I liked the service always ready to refill my cup... Granted there was only 2 other tables in the whole restaurant. Bottom line is solid 3 stars
3_star The three cheese grilled cheese I had from here was simply AMAZING! And maybe you're thinking, who goes to a restaurant and orders grilled cheese? And let me tell you, I have been to a few different smaller cafes and restaurants and they can turn something so simple into something you won't forget! This cafe was one of those. The cupcakes were very light which was a nice ending to our meal but they were not something I would go back for specifically. Cute little cafe and service was quick!
2_star We went back week later and food was good. Last time they charge for my 10 year old daughter $9.99. And following week they charge adult price. I don't think that is right thing to do. Never going back.
3_star Website says delivery hours are till 8:45pm. Called and was told no at 8:30... Please correct website hours or stop trying to shut down early.
5_star I love every thing about blaze!! The staff is great and the pizza is wonderful. Can't wait to try another pizza
1_star Worst customer service in the world, after placed the order for half hour, ask an elder waitress how was everything going. Somehow she claimed she is the boss, and yelled at us : you guys either wait or get out right now!! She exactly said Get Out Right Now!!! WTF!!
2_star Reliably sub-par to mediocre 24-hour jobbie in the otherwise food-friendly MGM Grand Hotel. Had a waffle there once at 3 a.m. and was pretty stoked to find decent eats in my hotel at what would be considered by most to be "off-hours." (Although in Vegas I think 9am to 11am more readily qualifies.) Regardless.... waffle - good. Coffee - good. Subsequent breakfast visits there have been less than adequate. Bacon that doesn't taste bacon-ey. Ham that doesn't taste ham-ey. Syrup that doesn't taste maple-ey.... are you getting the drift here? Do you grasp the collective upshot of my grievances? At least they got the "over-medium" part of the "eggs over-medium" thing right. Beyond that, this place pretty much blows. It's crowded. it's noisy. Many of the tables are in high-traffic areas, so single-diners that don't rate a booth will feel like they are dining in pit row at Daytona. It's expensive. Overall it's not horrible, nothing here is flat-out vile... but if you're in Vegas you should be doing things right and breakfast at the Studio Cafe is just. not. right. In short.... don't make the same mistake I made. Don't make it so my suffering was all in vain. Heed this warning, i beseech you. This is your faithful correspondent signing off.
4_star OHSO has great food, a wonderful selection of beer, and a very cool, modern decor. Above all, it looks and feels local. Local beer, local ingredients, your neighborhood bar. I really like this type of restaurant. Keep it up guys. We'll be back.
1_star One of the worst customer service experiences I have had. Living on Roncy, I have been several times before (apparently I'm not a regular though--lol see below). The food has been good. Not amazing, but good with good portions. Last Victoria Day Monday, I went with my family of 5 plus my mother for brunch. We did not have a reservation, and we were prepared to be shut out. But to our surprise, the host advised a wait of 15-20 minutes for a table for 6. My wife and kids did some window shopping and I waited and chatted with my mom. 15 minutes turned to 25, but I assume that is par for the course and understand this is an estimate. We were asked a couple times by other servers about what we were waiting for. We were the only ones waiting and there were plenty of open tables of 2 and 4, but they did not offer to push 2 together, but again, I understand they want to keep their set up. After 30 minutes a woman, who appeared to be a manager or owner, came out and advised us that it would be another 30-40 minutes for a table of 6. I was flabbergasted. I explained what we had been advised and that we had already been waiting 30 minutes. She apologized and said the person who had originally spoken to us made a mistake. She offered to put us in 2 back-to-back booths, but that wasn't going to work for us because we were there for a family brunch not just to eat. I suggested mildly that they could just push tables together (which would not have created any blockages). And her response to me (when no one else in 30 minutes had been waiting for a table), was that her "regulars" expect to be able to have those tables. What!!!! I live in the area and had been there several times. What am I? Chopped liver? I was speechless at her unwillingness to address the "mistake" they had made and to try to seat us as soon as possible. It seemed like she just wanted us to leave. So we did. Wow. I haven't really written a review like this before but I feel compelled. I was embarrassed in front of my family and I could not even relate to them the exchange in a way that seemed real. Should I have made a scene? It's just not my style. But I will certainly be relaying this tale to everyone in the 'hood. We ended up going to The Westerly, which I had not yet been to, two doors down. And I'm glad. We had great food (better than Sunrise) and infinitely better service. I highly recommend it.
5_star Great customer service and the burgers are AMAZING. Everything is made fresh to order. Definitely my new favorite burger place.
5_star My family and I had lunch here recently @ BJ Brewery and had a great time. I ordered Moroccan Salmon and a glass of local tap beer and my choices were awesome! We also ordered fried calamari and avocado roll for appetizers to share. The lunch was just perfect with great food and great company.
4_star Denny's right now is probably one of my favorite places to go for good food at reasonable prices. Fast and friendly service with consistently good food. The best part about Denny's they are open 24 hours a day and you can order breakfast, lunch and dinner anytime you want.
4_star I only come here for the lobster and yiu have to have a small army to join you. It can be very expensive. Cook it 4 ways (3 up to 6 depending on weight) Steed claws with garlic and scallios/Vermiceill noodles Stir fry tail with maggie Sauce Deep fries Lobster legs woth chilli Stir fried rice with the tomally Nice overall lobster dish. The best town and I eat a lot of lobsters (minimum one per week all summmer long) The other dish was Spicy egg plant average taste and a little oily for me O mei spicy beef again average I only cone here foe the lobster and nothing else.
5_star Cannot say enough about this place. While visiting from Chicago I found Mr. Mamas on yelp and decided to give it a try based on the reviews. I am so glad I did. The food was plentiful and by far the best breakfast my husband and I have had. He is a big guy and could not finish the turkey bacon and full stack of pancakes because the pancakes were so huge! I opted for the Cali omelette and 1 pancake (opted for this instead of toast). The owner even came out and spoke with us. This restaurant makes you feel like family. We made this our breakfast spot for our stay. Whenever we are in town they will have our business.
2_star It pains me to write this review. I've been going to Sakana since grad school in 2007, when we'd hit up the 59th Ave. location regularly. When I moved, I was happy to find this location was close to the house and it became my 'take-out' sushi joint. Probably went there 20 times in the past year - mostly with called in orders, but often dragging the (non-sushi-eating) boyfriend along for a dine in. Rolls are big and stuffed with fish, esp. for the price, and the quality is pretty good. So what happened? 2 terrible experiences in a row. In May, I had a hankerin' for take-out, called in my order, and got the usual "It'll be ready in 30 minutes." Perfect. Enough time to drive over, stop at the Safeway and get some beer before picking up the delicious yumminess. Did that, got the sushi, paid and was halfway home when it occurred to me that there were fewer boxes than usual. Pulled over, did a check and... sure enough, they forgot my nigiri. Darn. Called them up, told them what happened, and headed over to pick up my food. (I had been charged for it, I was going to get it.) Head to the hostess, tell her who I am, "Oh, ok. We'll put that order in for you." Uh? You didn't already? "You're going to expedite it, right?" "Oh, of course." So I wait. And wait. And wait. How long does it take to make up 8 rice balls, wasabi them and plop pre-cut fish?! Talk to the hostess... it is coming? My other sushi IS sitting in the car. "I'll go check." Ok... so I wait some more. I've been irritated for a while now, but apparently it is becoming visible. It has been 30(!!) minutes since my "expedited" order was put in (70 minutes since my original order was phoned in). The manager sees this and comes over, asking what is wrong. I tell him. To his credit, he gets the order handled and gives me a $10 coupon to come back. Still annoyed, but mollified, I head out. Fast forward to last night. I have my coupon and a hankerin' for sushi, so wrassle up the boy and head back to give Sakana another chance. I put our name on the list (30 minute wait) and, because it is crowded & noisy, head outside to wait. There are several other folks out there and, periodically, the hostess comes out calling names. Once. Twice. Three times. She comes out, calling names. After a while, someone comes out and lights up a cigarette within smelling range (ew!!!), so the boy and I head inside to wait. Names are called. New people come in and get their names on the list. More people are seated. It can't be long now! Then the hostess goes out and fetches some of the new people, happily taking them to a table. WTF?! The boy goes and looks at the list. We've been crossed off. WTFF?! Our name hadn't been called - we were in earshot the entire time; why was it crossed off? Forget this - I guess they don't want us to eat here. So we got up and went across town to my true favorite sushi place. (If it weren't such a long drive to Scottsdale, we'd always go there.) Which worked out much better, since the staff recognize us, the fish is better, there is more non-sushi variety for the boy, and it is much less noisy and crowded. I'll be back to Sakana one more time. I still have that coupon after all and $10 of sushi is $10 of sushi. But now I'm on the prowl for a new sushi place close by to become my new "take out" place. It's too bad... I DO like them a lot, but to receive execrable service two times in a row is unacceptable.
5_star Korean & Hawaiian deliciousness disguised as a hole in the wall. Don't be too quick to fall for all the fancy hip places my fellow fans of flavor. From Asian Pacific Islanders to East Coasters know that the best places to get your taste buds a fix is that the least suspecting places. This hole in the wall offers not just home run flavor Korean but also many Hawaiian favorites from Chicken Katsu to boiled peanuts. Me & my family have always been big Korean fans and finding a good place in Las Vegas has been hard for quite some time, but when we discovered Island Style we find ourselves stepping in their doors anytime we crave Korean food. The Kalbi is excellent, but my favorite is the Meat Jun! They have plenty of tasty appetizers to pick from, large portions, reasonably prized, and the owners are so friendly! They are always either helping customers or working in the kitchen and their dedication has payed off! Everything I order here is consistently great, and the owners are so friendly they offer great help in making a good choice. I have some Vegan & Vegetarian friends and as much as I love this place it probably wouldn't be my first choice seeing as how it's a largely meat based menu. Overall I back this place hard with 5 stars & if you're local and haven't tried you are missing the boat! Wether it's just you & a friend, or you & a family it's very accommodating and much more spacious than it looks. All this talk is making me crave some Boiled Peanuts & Chicken Katsu, I must fix this ASAP. Hope you enjoy your visit to Island Style!
4_star Well, just left full and happy on an AZ Burger (beef burger with green chiles) and the pulled pork sandwich. Both were good-sized and flavorful on a good-quality bun. Delicious, cold seedless globe grapes as a garnish. We also each had a pastry, and thought they were quite good. A great spot for brunch or lunch.
3_star Service was so slow food took about 20-30 minutes to be served. The food when it finally came was good we just got so tired of waiting, we weren't able to order much. The main server said that they were one waitress short so that's why it was slow and when we would try to get someone's attention no waitress would look to our direction. The bill came faster then the amount of time it took to have us seated.
2_star I ordered a huge monstrosity kindly referred to as the Sage Fried Chicken Benedict. My husband ordered a warm spinach salad. I ordered that $18 monster because it seemed like everyone in the restaurant was ordering it. It is egg, sage fried chicken, and biscuits all laying on a bed of mashed potatoes and covered in a special sauce and cheese with a sprig of sage as garnish. While it is big, this is such a bland dish, hardly any flavor at all throughout. Also, the decoration using dry spaghetti noodles is useless. Please stop. It cheapens the dishes and pokes the roof of the mouth if not removed promptly. My husband's warm spinach salad was small for the price (especially compared to what I ordered!) and had too much onions. I must say good wait staff though. They were in the middle of a shift change and still didn't miss a beat. Eat off the strip for the good stuff.
3_star Very standard seating and decor in the restaurant but the food is very good. The food is very fresh. Would be helpful to label the food for the non-filipino patrons that come in. Desert is very limited to only 4-5 different fruit selections. Pricing for all you can eat is reasonable, $8.50
4_star The wife and I enjoyed our lunch very much. You will receive the freshest food here. The pimiento cheese spread is to die for. Try the shrimp BLT panini it is fabulous. If you like burgers give them a try too.
1_star This place is a piece of shit. There were no other customers there except for a big group that seemed to be friends with the workers there. We waited 15 minutes until I got up to tell a server to come take our order. He said "I'll be with you in a minute" and was standing there doing nothing. My party and I decided to get out of that shithole. On the way out, I see 3 other employees sitting and chatting with the customers from the other tables. Fuck this place.
2_star I quite liked Cibo on our first visit, soon after opening. But a second visit revealed clumsy service and food that was just barely okay. If you're not picky about your food you'll find nothing wrong here and will probably like the vibrant atmosphere. But if you are a foodie your first disappointment will be finding out you can't order the grilled artichokes out-of-season even though they've been on the menu since day one. Your second disappointment will be the just-okay quality of the food. You'll overlook the clumsy service because the junior servers are probably just inexperienced. But then you'll wish you'd gone to Buca instead.
3_star I stumbled upon this place with my brother and his fiancee after a lengthy time at a studio without dinner. My stomach was ready for some action. And like any other Canadian, I love me some poutine. I'm not from Quebec but I've had poutine in Montreal. And as such, I consider myself to be quite the expert on poutine. Alright, not really but I'm not just reviewing this based on a comparison between Smoke's Poutinerie. We walked in welcomed by blasting music. It was almost like I was a captive terrorist in for questioning. Anyway, I ordered. It took several times for the person to hear my order. I almost took out paper and a black marker (or went postal on their sound system). Nonetheless, the order was taken and I was that much closer to "The Works". I get weak in the knees for any menu item that has bacon. Sat down on one of their tree stumps (I love the look of the place). But I was slightly underwhelmed. The cheese was, as all the cheese curd aficionados say, "squeaky". Fries were great. The bacon was... bacon (in other words: perfection. I mean, if a place messes up something like bacon I think they should seriously rethink living). The gravy is what made this poutine sub-par for me. Well, maybe "sub-par" is pushing it, but it certainly isn't fantastic. I've had better poutine gravy at Toronto Pearson International Airport. Please don't hit me. Anyway, bottom line: it was good. Not fantastic, but I'd go there again.
1_star Horrible waitress, horrible management (as in there seems to be only one manager that does not work a full day so I haven't been able to contact him from 3PM-7PM to report the problem.) I ordered the lobster egg rolls. Waited 15 minutes before (I think) waitress told me they were out of lobster egg rolls (not exactly sure what the reason was her English wasn't great..but she blamed the chef.) My partner was almost finished eating his mongolian beef meal by that time. My vegetable order- which was placed less than 3 minutes after my partner placed his Mongolian beef order- was also delivered 15 minutes after he was served (again she blamed the chef.). The final nail on the coffin was I asked a half an hour before my check came to have a mango pudding saved for my dessert. The pudding was on the dim sum menu which ended at 3PM. Waitress said she would save one. Then half an hour later I was given the check with no mango pudding. Had to track down the waitress who said she was already over her shift time and was supposed to leave at 3PM and she said she was told pudding was sold out. I asked her why she didn't save me one as she had promised and she just made excuse after excuse that everything was the chef''s fault and not hers. She didn't want to pull one until I was finished with my meal. I wasn't offered any discount for the lousy service. I was told the manager leaves at 3PM for me to make complaints and it was 3:15 at that time. It is now dinnertime and I have again been told the manager isn't there and to call back tomorrow. Although my baby bok choy in garlic sauce was delicious, both the spring rolls I had substituted for the lobster rolls and my partner's mongolian beef were awful. The beef was very chewy. The only thing great about the place was the ambience which is much better than KJs original restaurant on Spring Mountain Rd. Same bad, uncaring service though. Save yourself the stress. If you are not Asian and can't speak or understand their lingo it's nothing but frustrating. Only one person there spoke English well enough to understand and he was outta there by 3PM.
5_star If you're a tourist, COME HERE! The service was nothing short than superb, came to Montreal to visit some friends and explore the city, we had a reservation and we greeted kindly as soon as we walked in. Our waiter was friendly and lively, more importantly patient as we had difficult time choosing what to have. We ended up getting quite of bit of food to share among all of us. The food was terrific, the beef tartar was packed with flavor and ask for extra bruschetta because there is only 3 pieces along with the order. Duck poutine and shepherds pie makes my mouth water every time I think about it. Their wine selection was not bad, and had all of the essentials. We had a great time among friends and the staff, and the food with wine is amazing!
5_star Came for brunch with my family & will definitely be back if we're in town! Nice atmosphere, small ma&pa feel, LOW prices almost couldn't believe it when I saw the menu $5.19 for 3 eggs, 3 sausage, 3 bacon, homefries, & toast! Food was good & was ready in 5-10 minutes for all 3 of us! 6/5 stars
1_star Rip off 100%. No mention that they are inside Sunset Station. Ordered 2 pizzas and it came to 55.00. Not happy with tgem. Nor YELP
3_star Small place open until 2 pm. they serve breakfast and lunch. grits was creamy with lots of butter delish. hubby had pancakes with hashbrowns. good portions with good prices. Looks like alot of locals go there. Service is very friendly.Will try the lunch next time.
1_star I have heard great news about this place so I decided to go there one day. Turns out, it wasn't that good. The service wasn't that good either. They are unsanitary. I don't know how they get pass the health inspection. They seem to never clean their things. I found some dirty marks on my plates and my utensils. One word. Disgusting! Who would want to be at an unhealthy and unsanitary restaurants? I know I don't. I got one of the employee to change my utensils. They seemed to rolled their eyes just because I had them to change them. While they walk away, they probably think that I did not understand Vietnamese. Just because I'm Asian, that does not mean that I don't know any other dialect besides Cantonese or Mandarin. They were talking crap about me. They said that I was annoying and I took up their time up for getting me another utensils?! Really? Seriously? Second thing I want to talk about is their food. Da Vang's meals are not as good as the past anymore. I have no idea what they have done to it. Their food are really cheap but are not worth it. I rather go to someone else to spend a little more money for great food, great service, and great sanitation than be at Da Vang..
2_star Ruining a good brand by taking short cuts in prep. Turn heat on grill and keep dogs & chili hot. Born & raised in D. Had to hurry back home to get real deal and wash taste out my mouth!
1_star The manager is cheap. Small portions, dried out rice, not fresh veggies.. I've even heard the manager make inappropriate comments about customers to his staff. If I didn't work directly across the street I would not give them my business.
2_star I can't believe I keep getting tricked into eating here. Their advertising money is well spent it draws me in time and time again. I ordered the famous star special and there was nothing special about it. The hockey puck burger patty mixed with the wilted veggies just did not work. Two stars is being generous.
5_star This is the most amazing place. If you're looking for a place with the perfect atmosphere and take out prices, this is it. Super clean, fast and friendly service! I took my kids and they were so sweet to them, even gave them some of the appetizers to take home along with to go sweet tea. Just the bomb.com!
2_star Dined here last night for the first time to celebrate my cousins birthday. There were six of us - we ordered 4 apps (ended up with 5 b/c one of the apps was incorrect), and we each ordered an entree. The risotto was pathetic - watery, bland & over cooked, salads - under dressed, carpacio - boring. The only app notable was the souffle of sorts. Throughout the dinner I could see into the kitchen area and I thought I saw one of the owners (wondered to myself if he was watching the line and doing quality control). Our entrees: 4 fish dishes and two meats. I ordered the Pompano (a fish that I am very familiar with) and it was borderline overcooked, I also tried their Thai inspired striped bass - fail: couldn't even taste a hint of Thai influence in this dish. Plating was also quite unimaginative. If a restaurant wants to be considered "fine dining" and they are charging these high prices, they better be spot on, especially the food! Our service was good - thanks Katie.
5_star Never had better burgers before! My wife and I were looking for a place to have some dinner in Toronto's Fashion District. Going to Big Smoke Burger was the best decision we could ever make. I had the Big Smoke Burger which was simply awesome side by side with some very big and good tasting fried onion rings. My wife had the Chicken Burger with french fries. It was so delicious and the sauce was so tasty. We will definitely come back next time we are in Toronto.
2_star Alright this isn't specifically about dinning room side of the restaurant but more about the deli/market where they have a smaller menu consisting of pizzas, burgers and polenta fries etc. The top of the menu says the fresh items are used from the deli and used to create some of their creations so it was a shock to me to receive crap service from the waiter with a thick Italian accent when I ordered a panini from the deli. Got a pompous "that's all you're ordering?" Couldn't believe it, the item used to me on the menu and for what ever reason isn't on there anymore... Maybe it's not expensive enough? Everything else there seems to be over priced so maybe very well the case. Guess I will have to continue ordering the panini to go as to not offend the server that i didn't want to drop $50 for a lunch. Sheesh!
2_star Great service, you can always count on a sincere smile when you come here! Fish tacos are good but many of the other good items could use more flavor.
5_star Just go for the espresso. Get it in a latte or a mocha. I've only been here twice but each time the espresso has tasted the way espresso should taste: sweet and tangy. If you are an espresso lover like me and need to find a place to stop in Madison, do not waste your time with other places. Ignore the hipsters and get your quality coffee at JPH.
2_star The food is quite mediocre with nothing to chat about. I had the carne asada burrito which in all honesty didn't taste lake a burrito. The flavor was bland with to much refried beans with little to no meat at all. Left full but not satisfied, probably the worst combo.
5_star LOVE this place! Sesame and matcha ice cream are both really flavourful, but a little lacking in texture (too grainy for my taste). My favourites are the parfaits, or anmitsu, with mochi and fruit. This place is cute but don't plan on staying in store as they don't have a lot of space, definitely better for takeaway.
2_star Atmosphere is nice, casual, well appointed. Service was fine. Hostesses very nice. Food was ordinary. Out of 5 in our party, four would not return. The fifth had left so didn't weigh in!
5_star This is one of the best Indian restaurants in Brampton. Everything always tastes super fresh and super tasty. Quality is seriously lacking in a lot of Bramton Indian restaurants but that's not an issue here everything is high-quality. I've tried almost all the vegetarian dishes as well as the fish tikka and fish pakora which are great. The notable mentions are Achari paneer, chili paneer, fish tikka, gajar halwa, chat papri and Channa bhatura. I've been going here for years - highly recommended :) I only wish they had halal chicken... so I could try the chicken dishes too.
1_star Awful. Waited 10 minutes to get sat and have a server come greet us. While waiting at our table for our server, two of the waitresses were standing around on their phones talking about how shitty their tips were that night. When we finally got greeted my boyfriend tried to order a hotdog as an appetizer while I was still figuring out what to order. He came back later without his hotdog and asked for my order. I had to tell our server that my boyfriend wanted to order more food and that again, the hotdog was just an app. The hotdog and burgers came out at the same time. Our fries were cold and a little soggy. We felt very unwelcome and will think twice about going to any Steak 'n Shake.
4_star My family loves El Camp. We've been coming there for years, and we feel that it's a 4 out of 5 stars. Service is usually fast, friendly, and maybe it's because we've come so often, but we really feel as though we know the people that run El Campesino like they are friends, and that means a lot today. Sure, there's an occasional slip up, but by and large, for the price, we haven't found anything we like as well or better.
3_star I love love love the garlic naan bread and butter chicken! I get the lunch special quiet often. It's a smaller space but newly renovated, prices are decent for the lunch portion.
5_star This is my absolute go-to spot when in Tempe. Love the food and service! Our serving crew, led by Nicole was A+. Great food, excellent service, and conveniently located close to ASU. THIS IS A MUST STOP RESTAURANT!
5_star Took the wife there a couple of days ago for a nice quiet dinner. The atmosphere was perfect - refined but not stuffy. Our primary server was a touch distant at first but opened up nicely as the night went on. The rest of the service was wonderful - attentive, efficient and yet never intrusive. As for the most important part - the food - what can I say except that I will never go to Vegas again without stopping by Ogdens. The Maytag blue cheese souffle is about as decadent an app as I've had. For main courses I had the halibut (best fish I've ever had), while Robin had the bacon and scallops. Her dish was wonderful as well. Dessert was the cheese course and it was both pleasure and thought provoking. At the end of the meal, the server took notice of our obvious satisfaction and gave us a copy of the menu - a real nice touch. Most highly recommended.
2_star This is not Thai. If you go to this place with the mind set of not eating Thai then you might find it satisfying. The only thing that is Thai, spicy hot, they make it spicy hot where your tongue is buring only if choose so. Decor of the place is nice. Service is fine.
2_star Bad bad bad services. I ordered 4 items, and they came on the table almost together. The table was too small, it could not to be placed all of the foods we ordered, and there was no more spaces of the table for the bowls, fork and spoon, but the waiter did not aware it, and we asked him to change other bigger table or add one more table beside us. He looks not willing to do so. He just put the dishes on the table, and then went away. At the last, the printed the wrong bills to us. BAD!!!
2_star I went on Saturday afternoon it was packed. The pizza was good. The floor by the soda machine was all sticky. The carpet was tacky! It was gross. Under the salad bar was all kinds of food all over the floor. The parents didn't watch their kids. We played some games and came back to our table and a little boy had our left over pizza in his hands! I told his dad he could have the pizza, I wasn't going to take it.. Also a lot of the game were down without a sign on them!
1_star We have been eating here for about 5 years. It started out as excellent and has slowly desended to terrible. Last night will be our final visit. We sat at the (not busy) sushi bar, were greeted immediately by the sushi chef, then waited 15 to 20 minutes for someone/anyone to take our drink order. Finally I went to the bar to get drinks. When i arrived another patron said "good luck getting a drink here". I was ignored by the (not that busy) bartender as he put liquor bottles away, cleaned up etc for another 10 minutes. This bar has a history of poor service. Whoever manages the bar should be fired. When I returned my wife said that when I left the sushi chef notified someone that we were being ignored. Later Erin came over, apologized for the invisible waitress and offered to take over. The sushi was good, the sushi chefs were excellent and Erin really cared. Unfortunately, as other Yelpers have noted, the drink and food servers mostly do not care so we will go where we are more appreciated.
1_star Used to love breakfast here. Today great service but worst food I've ever had. I think I was served yesterday's bacon, sausage patty raw in the center, potatoes burnt, and toast cold. Won't be back
2_star Was looking forward to trying a new private bbq spot but food was poor service so so. Will not return.
5_star Best place ever! Love the Diavola and house salad! It's far from my house but well worth the 35min drive for some good pizza!
3_star For the first time I get disappointed at the cheese cake factory, we had one of the worst server ever. We had to wait forever to get our order in!!! And longer time to get our SALAD it's not like it has to be cooked. I know if I go back to the same location I'll make sure I don't get the same server horrible.
1_star Uhhhh NO. Throwback joint that has a cool atmosphere, however I'm rating this place on how their food tastes - which is like nothing ! No flavor and bland af. I'd rather hit up McDonald's than go out of my way to come here again. Too many good places to eat at in Vegas than to waste your efforts and time here. Next!
2_star Overall my experience was nothing special. The food is good, but for the price, the portion size, service and overall value was sub-par. The restaurant setting itself is charming, like a small family owned diner/café. I really wanted to like this place. But for same price, I could enjoy a far better meal at Milagro.
2_star Went to New location for Jimmys of Chicago in Gilbert AZ. Didn't like it at all. Service was poor and food was not as good as original location. We started going to original location when they first opened up and liked it very much. It is much more of a bar scene instead of a restaurant. Would not come back!
4_star The all you can eat buffet for 2 adults and 2 kids cost us less than $80. The food was fresh and the service was terrific. Totally stuffed. One of the better Mandarin locations.
2_star Great view, but drinks are very pricey. $11 for crown & ginger and $8 for OMB copper.
5_star They are still in the temporary location and the best thing about it is that they serve bottled spring water.
5_star This restaurant is amazing! It's the best Thia food I've ever had! The service is amazing and all the staff is very friendly! Spice level is 1-5 and they r serious! Call for reservations they r always busy!!
4_star Sure, it's already known this a great pizza joint offering thin crust culinary delights but what I want to share in this review is their wings. Whoa! Definitely worth ordering on every visit. Crunchy, tangy and slightly sweet - winning combination. I may begin just going for the wings. :)
4_star Great spot and seems to be popular with the locals. Really good coffee bar and brunch menu.
5_star Excellent! Good find in Vegas off the strip. Went twice on our recent trip. Wonderful service and the food was great.
3_star Das Primanti Bros. ist u.a. für seine Pitts-Burger bekannt. Es begann als Trucker-Kneipe in den 30ern und hat sich mittlerweile zu einer ganzen Kette entwickelt. Wie mir Einheimische erzählten war das Ziel, ein ganzes Mittagessen komplett zwischen zwei Scheiben Toast unterzubringen. Das ist ja schon sehr praktisch, wenn man Steak, Salat und Fritten direkt auf einmal in sich reinschieben kann und es einem nichts ausmacht, wenn man von einem Ohr bis zum anderen mit dem halben Belag dekoriert ist. Ich hab mich dann für die Variante 'Tuna' (6.50$) entschieden, was sich allerdings nicht gerade als sinnvoll erwiesen hat. Vielleicht wars der Jetlag oder das leckere Sam Adams, bei Tuna hatte ich an ein Thunfisch gedacht. Nun ja, es war eher eine Thunfischpaste oder sowas, mit Krautsalat, Fritten, Gurken und was weiß ich nicht alles. Hat eigentlich nur noch die Apfeltorte obendrauf gefehlt. OK, es war ein sehr lustiger Abend. Das junge Personal hatte auch seinen Spass, als wir das ganze auf Bildern festgehalten hatten. Restaurant würde ich es nicht nennen. Mit der ganzen Baseball/Basketball Dekoration und den zahllosen TVs an den Wänden, Spielautomatem (und passenderweise gleich dem Geldautomaten daneben) läuft es bei mir eher unter Schnellimbiss. Auch war man mit der Tischreservierung für 12 Personen schon etwas überfordert. Es gibt auch eine reichhaltige Auswahl an Vorpseisen (4-5$; gefüllte Jalepenos, Nachos, Hühnchenstreifen, Champignons, ..., natürlich alles schön frittiert). Die Preise sind für diese Art Schnellimbiss durchaus OK.
2_star First thing they served was a glass of flat, warm coke; fortunately the waiter was able to get a can of coke. Bread, although hot, was tasteless and served with unsalted packaged butter. The caprese salad was okay, but given the price, you'd think they would not serve you stale, yellow arugula. The seafood pasta was decent but the bucatini was no good. Despite being one of the few Italian restaurants in Markham and we love Italian food... We will not be returning. Overall a meh experience even when not considering the prices. No wonder it was empty on a Saturday evening.
3_star Came here for Thursday special 60 cent boneless wings;) food are good. Service sucks. Every time I come here always no parking .. I love the wings and fries though so do my kiddos
3_star This was the first restaurant in Las Vegas that was supplied with one of the winners of Hell's Kitchen. It's been quite a few years since Heather West moved on to bigger and better things. It's a twin of Terra Verde at Green Valley Ranch- pretty much the same overpriced menu which shouldn't be surprising since both Executive Chefs were born in Milan and worked some of the same places through their careers. However, the staff here is much more attentive and definitely less snobbish than over at Green Valley Ranch. We were leery about trying this place after our experience at Terra Verde a year earlier, but Station Casinos was doing another of their month-long promotions they use to drag the regulars into the casino and we had "won" $140 in dining vouchers. My mom and her boyfriend were wintering over in Vegas so we used the vouchers to take them out to dinner. Just as at Terra Verde, the atmosphere and décor are very nice with an intimate feel to them. Since it's on the higher end of the price scale for Italian restaurants, there aren't a lot of families with kids here so it's quiet as well. We made reservations for 6:30pm on a Thursday evening and were seated promptly when we arrived. Unlike Terra Verde, the staff here acted as though they were glad to see you. As with Terra Verde, the lighting was dim and we had to use our cell phone flashlights to have enough lighting to be able to read the menu. I guess we need to start taking our reading glasses with us. We got the normal complementary bread basket with olive oil and balsamic along with the plate of hard cheeses, olives, peppers and zucchini chips (rumor has it that this plate has been discontinued.) For starters we shared orders of Calamari and shrimp scampi. Both were very good. For our main courses we had linguine clams, shrimp risotto, ossobuco, and veal parmesan. All the meals were very good; much better than what we had at Terra Verde. The ossobuco was extremely tender and the sauce was very flavorful. No real need to add additional seasonings to any of the meals. The only small complaint that we had was that the linguine clam sauce was a bit watery. It still had good flavor, but I would have preferred it just a bit thicker. All in all a much better overall experience than what we had a Terra Verde. The prices are still a bit on the high side for a casino's Italian restaurant, but since we had dinner for 4 and only had to pay about $50 out of pocket (including tip), we can't really complain.
4_star The customer service here was exceptional! the saff was extremely friendly and attentive, even on a busy Friday night. The servers kept coming around with skewers of meat until we were STUFFED! The food in the buffet area was also excellent. We especially loved the tempura vegetables, fresh mozzerellas, fresh biscuits, and soups. The coleslaw is also yummy with pineapple mixed in. I recommend looking for the showgirl handing out the coupons not too far from the restaurant entrance in Planet Hollywood. The coupon saves you almost 50% per adult and it is good for your whole party. The only reason I did not give it 5 stars was because the shrimp we receive was overcooked and the filet mignon was too well done. However, everything else was excellent. We travel to Vegas quite often and we will most certainly be back! The Vegas guides give this restaurant a $$. However, at $35+ per person with coupon, $60+ without, I would give it a $$$.
3_star i admit id idnt know what to expect when my husabdn and i came in here one evening. burgers are huge. but greasy! which is ok if thats what ur into. prices are decent and the staff are nice but not super excited to be there. the biggst problem was my sons french fries were cold as ice like the were sitting on the bar for 4 hours before receving them. but it was good other wise. i will come back but maybe diff hours when they arent so busy :)
3_star This offers the average "Red Lobster" experience. The service is average, the food is average and the decor is like every other "Red Lobster". I don't know what else to say but, if you've ever been to a chain restaurant , this one won't disappoint in that "experience".
2_star I expected better. The food came pretty quickly and the staff was friendly, however unless you like your burger well Done and maybe a little burnt then this is not the place to go.
4_star Went there unexpectedly after grabbing a drink in the area seeking munchies and boy, did Satay Brothers deliver. Great decor and vibe, friendly and laid-back yet attentive service and most importantly, awesome food. We arrived at around 7:30 and thankfully didn't have to wait, though a long cue formed not long after we were seated at a communal, long table (If you seek intimacy in a dinner setting, try for a round table near the back). Not long after we ordered the tofu buns, seafood laksa and mee goreng with shrimp, our dishes were served up with homey presentation. This fare is Asian comfort food at its finest. The soup was creamy, spicy and full of body with delicate pieces of seafood that were bursting with flavor. The buns were fluffy and perfect, with cucumber slices that wonderfully offset the sauce and grilled tofu (which was cooked superbly). The mee goreng was spicy, flavorful and just plain tasty with a great blend of textures and was my favourite, because I adore noodle dishes of all kinds. Overall, the portions aren't huge, but they're better for sharing and they're authentic-- definitely worth the price for the ambience and fun I had.
4_star The tapioca here are sweeter, milk tea taste better than most
3_star This is a beautiful restaurant. The waiter didn't write down any of our orders; he listened and then went around the table verifying what we wanted. This happened for dinner and then for dessert, and he made mistakes both times. We fixed them on verification, but still, get a pad, dude. I had a special salad with basil, bocconcini, and tomato. It was excellent. My dinner was another special, ravioli stuffed with mushroom and ricotta in a pesto sauce. It was pretty bland and I didn't enjoy it very much. The waiter asked how everything was. I said it was just okay, but then he never followed up to make sure I was happy. In fact, when he cleared the table he asked someone else how it was, but not me. It gave me the impression that they were not interested in getting me something I wanted or making it up to me in any way. Perhaps they thought I liked it because I finished it. For dessert I had the mikly way cake, which was fine. It was a very large piece.
5_star This is a great place. Tasty food with new flavors. Spring rolls are amazing. Make sure you are up for an adventure if you choose the "adventurous" level of spicy.
3_star Featured many different kinds of cuisines -- Mexican, Southern US, Asian, Italian. Nothing too ambitious though, but the food was alright in terms of quality. Snow crabs were a standout, perhaps the best I've had. The stone crabs required the clamp to open, but they were meaty so it's not bad. This place had breaded oysters, if that's your thing. I didn't notice many other buffets serving oysters. This place had gelato, which was delicious. They don't scoop a lot for you, though. The desserts were about average as far as Vegas hotel buffets go. Wait staff was slow with removing our plates and refilling drinks.
1_star I ate here before but will never eat here again. I should also note that my previous Yelp review of Pop's had been requested from Pop's! For a reward of 'FREE french fries' in which they did accept but that's just like cheating in my opinion. Where's the yelping officials on this one? After working on the pops cheese steak truck for one day I realized this is not a steak and cheese at all. It's frozen meat "NOT FRESH" and they precook lots of that frozen meat and let it sit in water until ready to reheat for you to eat. sound good I think not. I won't get started on the sanitation of this place, pop's and pop's cheese steak truck must have it easy with the heatlh department because I don't even think he has soap on the truck for washing hands. If I were you and looking for a steak and cheese I would look up other alternatives like some of these new food trucks around town like the "Yellow Lunch Box Truck" or "Food Slingers" in which they both serve fresh meat and it's even fresh rib eye. For a lower price as well. The Vegas Villain
3_star I would give this place 3-1/2 stars, and choose 3 because it already has lots of higher ratings. It is a busy place with a great ambiance on Friday evening. Downstairs at least it feels more like a bar than a restaurant - minimal decor, rustic, and loud. The service was perfect, as were the drinks. The selection of beers on tap is excellent, and there was a good selection of wine choices on a chalk board. The idea that the tapas-style menu is not for the hungry is specious: Two of us shared four plates and left stuffed (the waitress recommended sharing 2-3 plates per person). The "warm roasted olives" are for the serious olive lover, I like olives and my wife loves olives but we could hardly make a dent in the big pile of olives they delivered. They were very tasty, however. The trio of spreads was good, although none of the spreads was exceptional. "Ale simmered sausage bites" in a hot mustard sauce were tasty, but incredibly simple. The Quattro Framiggio flatbread was the most ordinary; if there was truffle oil as advertised it was overwhelmed by the carmelized onions, and overall the flatbread did not seem to be freshly prepared. Based on what we had and what we saw on the menu, I would say that the food offered is not as creative as the menu descriptions. I come back to the conclusion that the Dandelion Market is more a bar than a restaurant.
5_star Walked in to place a carry out order I was greeted immediately. the waitress was so hopeful in assisting me with the more healthier choices of their menu. Answering all if the questions that I had, and like always you never go wrong with going to pita jungle so much to choose from and their service is wonderful!
5_star We've shared the mixed combo platter between 4 people and we did not leave the place hungry ;) Darn those attentive servers who periodically come with steamy pillowy bread... The falafel was a little bit denser than what I'm used to but still good. Still dreaming of the fries with garlic sauce and fattoush salad!
2_star So glad to be back at one of my favorite pho joint!! I used to come here very often because it's close to my previous office, and really in Brampton the choices are very limited. I once rated this as one of the best pho place in Toronto, on my latest visit I was really disappointed. The broth taste flavorless and the portion is much less than before with less meat and noodles. As usual we also ordered a spring roll, it is the same spring roll but the outside is still soft, it will be better if it stays in the deep dryer for another 30 seconds. Would I come back again? Maybe if I need to go to Brampton again next time and no other choices.
3_star I am a big Smashburger fan, but the last couple times that I have been here I feel that the service and quality of the food have been lacking. I have ordered the Truffle Mushroom burger my last few times, and it was over-salted and very dry. When I compare that to the burgers that I have recently gotten from Flipdaddy's which require napkins for how moist they are, I am thinking that more recently Flipdaddy's wins the burger war. However, the Smash Fries beat the Flipdaddy fries. Smashburger, please stop disappointing me. I normally am a big fan.
2_star Mother Bunch has slipped over the years. I normally enjoy some decent pub food with a good beer. However, last night we went there and ordered two dinners that were a disappointment. My son got a cheese burger that was thoroughly burnt. The top of the bun was charcoal black, the bottom bun was burnt, even the cheese on the burger was burnt. The cheese and bun were so burnt that the cheese didn't melt into the bun. The meat was ok I guess. I'm not even sure why the food was delivered to the table to begin with, it was so obviously burnt. I had the cheesesteak sandwich which was too greasy and spicy. To compound the bad dining experience, the waitress and concierge(maybe owner), didn't seem to care too much about the bad food. We had to hunt them down to get them to help with the burger. There wasn't even an offer of a discount. Meh, I think I'm done with Mother Bunch for now.
3_star We came in for brunch and was seated right away thanks to opentable. Placed orders in but had to wait 45 mins on food. I ordered their special, pork belly sandwich with fried grits, but the sandwich buns were burnt and harden. Told the waitress to take it back. The re-placement buns were a lot better. Food was okay, wouldn't say good, more on the mediocre side. First and last visit.
5_star Ein weiteres gutes Restaurant auf der 4. Straße. Gutes, zum Teil vegetarisches essen, gute Weine, entspannte aber dennoch gehobene Atmosphäre. Zum Mittag oder zum Abend. Sehr schön!
5_star A friend assured me this was "life-changing pasta" - well, I don't know if my life has CHANGED so much, but it is certainly richer for knowing about this hidden gem. We split two different pasta dishes (the tortellini and the baked ziti) and two salads and a cannoli, and the experience was top-notch at every level. The food is simple in terms of recipes, flavor profiles, etc., but simply exquisitely executed. Service is a tad slow compared to other places but this is clearly not a "turn the tables" sort of operation - enjoy the time and atmosphere. We didn't have a reservation so we were in the bar area near a very talented musician who delicately played well-known songs just below the level of conversation (as well as a couple of "Happy birthdays" for two people having their special day). The owners checked in with our table several different times. This is a place that is well-run with tremendous love and care. It's a tad on the pricey compared to some other places - just a tad - but still a bargain, as I'd expect to pay twice as much in LA or NY and be just as satisfied. Go! Enjoy!
5_star The #22 Dinner Combo (String Bean in Black Bean Sauce w/ Shrimp) was the best black bean sauce I've had since leaving NY. Now, if they only had Cold Noodles with Sesame Sauce ;-), Looking forward to going back and trying their Singapore Style Mei Fun and other specialities.
5_star One of the best places I have been to. The portions are not very big like other places but the flavour and makes it perfect, we met the owner and the service was excellent, we will go back a lot for sure if we are in the area, I will recommend to management to get lamb as well. Overall great experience
3_star Nitty Gritty is one of those classic college bars full of students celebrating the weekend. Make sure to stop by on your birthday to pick up a souvenir birthday mug and complimentary beer or beverage! Although it was pretty crowded and loud, they offer great drink specials on weekends.
3_star If you believe you can find fine dining in a chain restaurant in a mall, then this place is for you. It often is crowded, there is lots of noise and bustle, and the menu is extensive. It looks fancier than Carraba's or Macaroni Grill or Olive Garden, and the food is at least as good as those places. It is not, however, fine dining, and the food will range from good to mediocre. It is a pleasant enough meal, but nothing exceptional.
4_star food was decent, but the price for Korean/Chinese food was too high for the amount of food we got. we spent $60 for 2 kids and 2 adults and no one came out satisfied :( really wanted to give 5 stars cuz the service was great, but it was not worth it.
4_star This is a good spot to go if you are hungry. AYCE sushi! And they have specialty rolls you can order too. We didn't think we were going to eat so much so we didn't do the AYCE but we should have because our bill came out to more than what it would have been if we paid the AYCE. We will definetly be back next time we are in town.
5_star We ordered the mahi mahi tacos and the garden burger the other day and they were great! Our waiter from Spain was very friendly and treated us great. The beers were on point and the ambience was great. Recommend the Pantry to all including families.
1_star Food is ok. Nothing worth visiting. Prices are way too high. Never tried their cakes so cannot comment. I hate seeing posters like "you break it, you pay for it".
5_star First time to Calgary and not sure where to eat. Asked the front desk and they gave us two or three suggestions. We decided to try this one and i sure did not regret it. Don't let the run down building fool you. This was one of the best breakfasts I've had in a long time. Coffee was good and the toast is great along with the sausage and eggs. Also had a fruit cup and it was yummy and the fruit ripe... even the blackberries.
1_star I stopped in for a carry out order and noticed some specials on the board. I wasn't familiar with Basil Chicken. So I asked the young lady at the counter what was in it. She informed me that it was carrots, onions, chicken and sauce. (I asked because I do not like green peppers or mushrooms.) When I get home and sit down to eat I realize that Basil Chicken actually consists of mostly mushrooms and green peppers, with chicken basil and chili peppers. It didn't even contain carrots or onions. Needles to say I was unhappy that I was not served what I was told I was getting. I was quite hungry and didn't want to go back out into the cold so I tried to eat some of the chicken. Since it was their mistake I figured they would make it right. I called to complain. The young lady told me, that I should just pick the mushrooms and peppers out. I explained that the dish was mostly mushrooms and peppers and I asked for a refund. She informed me that since I had already eaten some of it, that they wouldn't be able to serve it to someone else! Yikes I sure hope that they don't re-sell food that customers have taken home with them! After this exchange I offered her the option of refunding my money or permanently loosing me as a customer. She replied, "I don't care!" and hung up on me. At no point during this call did she apologize for her errors in describing what I was ordering. We all make mistakes sometimes, but when it happens you should try to make it right. I wont be going back!
5_star The absolute best BBQ we've had in Arizona! Servers are awesome and the food is out of this world!!! This has become our instant favorite and I highly recommend it to anyone who lives for BBQ!
2_star Despite the delicious steak salad, our waitress was a B*$&%. She was extremely short from the beginning, and then tried to charge us for 2 salads when we ordered one. We politely said that we thought there was a mistake, and she just said "oh." snatched the check, and returned it to us without a word.
3_star Cute. This used to be our go-to buffet when Yelp wasn't so popular, and when I was too lazy to try anything other than what I was comfortable with. The food is pretty good. My aunt took us here for brunch recently. The main thing that I loved the most was the smoked salmon. Other than that, the food wasn't particularly outstanding. There are buffets in LV around the same price point with better food. It's all good though. Come here if you don't want to leave the hotel room or if you're on a quest to try every single buffet in LV. Who knows, you might love it, if you're into the whole "Little bit less than luxury" thing and aren't too picky.
1_star I really really wanted to love this place. My husband and I went the week they opened and the service was really bad. We went back just the other night in hopes to have a better experience and unfortunately the staff is just super bad. After waiting for our food for an hour, we realized the server was avoiding us so my husband asked us for an update on our food. The server told us that he was "late putting it in" aka forgot, and that it would be done soon. We waited another 20 minutes before the food came out. There was no real apology from the server and he also didn't comp the check at all for his error. What's frustrating, is we were super understanding with him when we could have grabbed the manager and put up a fuss. Because we were easy going, he didn't see it necessary to take care of us in any way. Super bad customer service and will absolutely not go back. At least they got our orders right this time? That's the only positive thing I can say.
1_star By far the worst service from any pizza place I have ever been to in my entire life. Pizza is good, but they suck ass.
5_star This place has a great location right in Old Scottsdale. Cool menu with lots of different options for burgers, salads, etc. Went with the porkster burger, which pretty much says everything. Burger with pulled pork. Delicious. Really enjoyed the sweet potato tots with the different sauces. Favorite sauce I think was the pineapple teriyaki. Overall great place to come and get some delicious food in Scottsdale.
3_star I had the lobster burger with sweet potato fries. It was pretty good. My burger was cooked medium and came out with just the right pinkness for me. It was kind of hard to eat because the burger was stacked pretty high. The sweet potato fries were good as well, but I've had better. Everyone in my party enjoyed their burgers, but I don't see us coming back. It's a pretty pricy place for burgers...and maybe my taste buds aren't refined enough, but I enjoy a regular burger grilled at home just as much.
3_star I guess I might be biased because I used to work at an Applebee's, but whatever - I still like the place. But I can tell you for a fact that everything is NOT "prepackaged and then warmed up." Nearly everything is made fresh, so don't act like you know this for a fact. I've watched the cooks prepare the food daily so many times, I could probably do it myself. That being said, yea, it's not the greatest food in the world. It's definitely bar/grill food. Some of it is delicious, though - like the boneless wings and the oriental chicken salad. Other items are hit-or-miss, but what do you expect? This isn't a four-star establishment. They've cut down their lunch specials menu to just soup and salad, which sucks, but maybe they'll bring back the Pick 'n Pair someday. This location is always good to go to if you want to relax, except for Fridays and Saturday nights. Also, Saturday night is karaoke, so go at your own risk. You'll probably have to suffer through tons of older folks singing bad country music. Happy hour is pretty good here - 1/2 off drinks and select appetizers Monday through Friday, and drinks on Saturday and Sunday. Can't go wrong with that. They're totally dead late at night, so that's a great time to go. I know this is a chain, but I like this location in particular because it isn't too busy and everyone is pretty friendly.
2_star So disappointed! I used to always come here specifically for the caprices sandwich. Today I was served a hot mess. Literally a Caprices sandwich served hot. There's nothing more unappealing than warm shrivel up tomatoes. I also asked for extra basil, as I always do, which usually results in whole leaves of basil on my sandwich. Today it didn't appear to have any extra just thinly sliced slivers of basil laying next to the wilted hot tomatoes. Thank God their tabouli is still to die for. I got my order to go and I should have none something was amiss when condensation was obvious inside the To Go box. And while the the thin strips of dressing on the outside of the bread may look good, they certainly make for oily hands.
5_star This is a must do. We stopped in for a bite and were completely blown away with the food. Large portions at reasonable prices and totally delicious! Just do it!
2_star I'm sitting here and listening to the worker complain loudly while I eat. First it was the way people closed, then it was their green cards and then who knows what else. The ice tea had three cubes of ice, the hash browns were cold and the toast was dry. No melted butter on the toast.
5_star Not only is the meat good, but it's cooked to perfection. When you ask for medium rare it's medium RARE. Good job.
1_star I usually rate this location higher but visit this past week was not a good experience. The young lady who took our order was having an issue with politeness and was very rude. The regular selections we ordered were substandard...if same person is behind counter on next visit will pass!
1_star Do not order to-go from this place. I was told it would take 35-45 minutes for delivery, but after an hour I called to check on my order and was given a "sorry, he just headed out." Another half hour later I had to call and cancel my order because I could not wait anymore. I was out on hold 3 times. Poor service and it sounded as if the employees were clueless on what to do. I got no explanation as to why it took so long. Disappointed.
3_star I've visited the restaurant many times because I lived near the area, and overall it's okay. I would go here if I was too tired to cook for the night or if I wanted a quick Asian fix, but it's not recommended for any foodies. The sushi is okay, nothing superb, and the Korean food is to be honest really average. I'm Korean so I know how good Korean food tastes like...and their Korean food could be much improved. The service was alright- I've never really had a friendly waitress get my order nor did anyone go out of their way to make sure I had a good meal. If you have the time, go to Koreatown for better Korean food.
3_star I've heard so much about this restaurant. I've eaten from their truck (Which gets a 5 star rating), but the sit down, dine-in experience was not the same! I ordered the mahi-mahi fish tacos. They were really tasty, if not a little large (hard to fit into my mouth, so it turned really messy). There was a lot of flavour going on: guacamole, light and airy fish tacos, coleslaw and a chipotle mayo. There were aromatic flavours, sour, sweet; everything was really well rounded. The textures were also extremely complimenting. My boyfriend got the beef burrito. It was really quite small! He said it was tasty, but we could have easily gotten comparable food, but much more of it for the same price from mucho burrito! For the 15 minute drive, I don't know if I'll be rushing back, but it was still a tasty experience.
3_star This has been our favorite restaurant for years, but the last few visits the service has been terrible. The hostesses at the front desk are disrespectful and rude, they spend most of their time arguing with one another and the floor manager instead of tending to the customers. No one says hello or thank you, not even a smile. When we checked in she only said "name" and handed my husband the buzzer, no wait time was given or anything. They are the face of this business, so I'd like to suggest some teaming building or house cleaning.
4_star Excellent food, so-so service. BBQ seafood pancake pinimbop all delish , cooked the Korean BBQ at our table, my guest is Korean and she prepared the meat according to tradition. All the kimchi dishes are unique and come out as an appetizer, ample tastes. the wait staff was having internal disputes during our meal but the owners apologized as we finally made our way to the door.
2_star Lunch portions are decent because they come with fries and a drink for around $10. Order brisket at dinner and you're getting three thin slices of brisket on a plate for around $20. Order your sides separate. F that. Leave this place for the metro hipsters. If you think this is decent BBQ, you've never had BBQ. It's the norm; prob get similar at Golden Corral! The comedy club upstairs is really cool!
1_star Received the wrong order and the service was horrible. First time here and will never come again!
5_star A rare gem hidden where you wouldn't expect it. Superb value/quality for money. I was looking for an above average steakhouse to dine with family and upon consulting Yelp, The Steakhouse checked all the right boxes: Good food Good service Good value plus the added "old school"/ "hidden gem" allure. I arranged to visit The Steakhouse early, just when it opened up for the evening. As soon as you enter you can see the room where they age the steaks. The overall lighting is low, with the appropriate amount of light on each table. The overall decor might seem "old school" as others have pointed out but I found it to be very appropriate for the type of the restaurant. The music also seemed to compliment the "old school" atmosphere with Frank Sinatra and Dean Martin lightly playing in the background. While this looks like a somewhat "dressy" place the atmosphere is quite relaxed and unpretentious. All dishes at The Steakhouse include a big bread basket with quite a variety to choose from. All of them were fresh and delicious. We tried the Porterhouse, Ribeye and Filet Mignon; all were cooked to perfection. Unseasoned of course so you can better enjoy the taste and quality of the meat and also so you may add one of the sauces The Steakhouse offers. The green peppercorn sauce stood out, crisp and flavorful. Each steak costs about $50 which I think is very reasonable: Meat quality and cooking is splendid and the price includes the big bread basket as well as your choice of a salad or soup AND (that is, in addition to) your choice of baked potato, mashed potato or wild rice blend. Since it was my first time at The Steakhouse, when I asked for the dessert menu, I was surprised to see that our server actually brought a whole dessert cart which showcased all the desserts. I assure you, this is much better than looking at a menu but it might also make your choice even more difficult as all the offerings looked delicious. We sampled the creme brulee and the tiramisu and, as expected, they were splendid! Service was exquisite: polite and attentive just when you needed them without annoying and pretentious interference. I can't stress enough how impressed I was. If you want to enjoy a good steak dinner in a more than casual atmosphere then The Steakhouse is the place. Not only is the food excellent but the service as well. Couple these with not so unreasonable prices and you have quite possibly one of the best value for money steak houses on the Strip.
5_star This nekter location I have noticed is much busier than the other locations, but I don't mind coming to this location because of the consistency of my smoothie and service received. Candice, the girl with all the tattoos makes an amazing date but smoothie that at any other location does not taste so satisfying. If you go in ask for her, I do, I promise you won't be disappointed and she has an amazing memory for remembering who are and what you ordered!
3_star We were here for valentines day dinner. The atmosphere had a winter wonderland feel with the snowflakes and the dim lighting but not in a cheesy way lol. There was a set menu for the night. I had the seared scallops, braise short ribs, and for dessert tiramisu. Unfortunately, the scallops were overcooked and the vegetables--accompanying the short ribs--were frozen and overcooked. I enjoyed the tiramisu, and the bread w/ olive oil and balsamic vinegar.
4_star Great place to eat lunch (and dinner). This is my favorite--at least of two Aladdin's. I also eat at the Independence location sometimes on the way back from the airport.. it's good as well. The choices in food are pretty healthy. Probably about the best healthy alternative available without going crazy at some vegan soybean yogurt falafil place. Not my cup of tea anyhow. When I first started going for lunch years ago (about 1x/week) there were good waitresses, the food was consistently good, and was always prompt, etc. The thing with Aladdin's [food quality] is that it can vary.. from good to decent to once in a while "umm, okay". Sadly the wait staff has seemed to lose it's formula (much like Yours Truly a couple doors down). No offense but I happen to enjoy being waited on by a young/perky waitress in skin-tight pants. Maybe the young kids don't want/need to work?? Either way the seemingly more frequent ogre sightings are a letdown.. not just here but a lot of places. Anyhow, the desserts are awesome. I have one once in a while. You really need to split one with someone tho. Also, Rafael (manager/owner?) is super-nice and always makes me feel extremely welcome. I've been there enough to know that's how he really is--he's not trying to push/sell you something. Great guy tho. Really makes the restaurant feel special for me.
4_star Solid food!! Best Mexican food I've had in a while - and it is my favorite type of food! This has more of a New Mexico flare with just the right amount of spice and flavor in everything. The salsa was very fresh and tasty, the main course was very filling and exploding with flavor, and to end it all were some delicious homemade sopapillas (which were included with our meal)!! Service was great, kids meal choices were terrific for my 3 year old and price was right on!! I will be back for sure.
3_star Great food! The salsa is so darn hot it's not enjoyable and I love me some spicy food but that's not humane ;) I just ate the BEST CHILE RELLENO I have ever eaten in my life. The service sucks. The staff are occupied in their own lives and just as the other yelpers have stated the sit you down, take your order and that's that. And pay time comes they expect tips, kinda reminds me of the Asian places you eat at where they seat you and don't attend to you but when it's time to pay they are right there ready to collect. This place is a must try at least once as this is my second time and both trips were delicious! Happy eating.
5_star Pros: The Original Burger, Roast 1/2 Chicken, Waiter service, Wi-Fi Cons: Host service Parking space: Enough for all customers Good for big groups: Maybe On a Good Friday, around 9:00 PM, the restaurant was almost full. But when we arrived there the hostess did not offer a place to us to sit at a first moment, we need to look for her and ask to sit on a table. But even with this, I liked the restaurant. The waiter service was a little slower than most of the other restaurants but he was a very nice and friendly person. He was always aware when my soda needed refill. The place seems a night point for the young people on the city and the music was played for a DJ and after for a band. What I can say, it was cool! I almost stand and went there to dance. This time, my wife and I asked for a The Original Burger and the Roast 1/2 Chicken. Both food presentations were very good and in a "young" way. Overall, it was a very nice experience. There was no dried part of the chicken and the chicken gravy was to dying for. And oh my God, the food was very exciting. Something to change? Nothing. Congratulations West50, me and my wife had a very nice time on your place and left the restaurant with the feeling that I want to go back again many many many more times.
3_star I like Mi Familia pretty good. A little pricier than I would like, but it is not outrageous. Not very authentic if you ask me, but that's not a problem for me.
2_star The service here was not great. It was a Saturday evening so I understood that they were busy and that things can take longer but it took a half and hour to get our drinks to us. Refills were not given until almost the end of our meal even though our glasses were empty before we got our food. The food was mediocre to the four of us. The bread on my sandwich was cold rather than heated as described and dried out. While it was not a horrendous experience it would not be my first choice in downtown Gilbert.
5_star We had the best breakfast we've had in a long time you have your choice of coffee cake or toast the coffee cake is fresh and with the right sweetness the skillets are da bomb I changed my veggies skillet to egg whites and sweet potatoes instead of breakfast potatoes my man got steak and eggs with a side of biscuits and gravy everything was amazing including the service Cindy was greAt she was very patient and attentive my glass was never empty and I'm a drinker I drink a bout five glasses of water throughout one meal at least or more lol we were so full but very happy
1_star Customer service SUCKS if you're black. Upon arrival we was seated right away, however no one said one word to us for 10 mins at that point we left. 2 other white couples that arrived after us order drinks and dinner. Definitely won't be returning.
5_star Best seafood in town period! Really fresh seafood, u have to try there aguachiles there amazing.
1_star Group of 7 for a Sunday brunch. Step 1. order 7 caesars. received 5. was felt to be responsible for said error. Step 2. ordered a mimosa. order was refused on the grounds of it being "to classic". was in turn up sold to a 14 dollar drink. Step 3. ordered an assortment of egg dishes for the table - all were incorrectly or incredibly over-cooked. again, was felt to be responsible for the missteps. this doesn't even compare to the preparation of the pork belly which were essentially jerky. or worse. Step 4. the tomatoes were great. Step 5. THE CAESAR'S WERE 11 DOLLARS! Step 6. as such, it was 100 dollars per couple for what was an entirely unsatisfactory brunch experience. Step 7. we will never go there again. ever.
4_star You're not going to get a more authentic Sushi experience in AZ than Teharu. With its revolving conveyor belt of standard sushi fare, you can get in and out quick! Best of all you can get out cheap too! The prices are unbelievably low. But...the food is GOOD, not great. Still, it is so convenient and reasonable we keep coming back. The convenience and value make it a great place to introduce little kids to Sushi, which we did with our 5 and 6 year old girls. Plus the facility is current, clean and the service good.
1_star I don't often write reviews on yelp but my experience today at the cafe on the strip prompted me to do so. At first, we were excited to eat at the quaint restaurant and were enjoying the atmosphere. My boyfriend and I both ordered from the specials menu and were excited for a salmon salad and Alfredo pasta. Everything started to go downhill when our waters came. One glass was extremely dirty and the other was broken and spilled water all over the table. We quickly started to notice how filthy the restaurant was. From the condiment bottles to the walls, everything was covered in a film of dirt. Our server was also very rude. Some time after we ordered the server came out to tell us the Alfredo sauce was spoiled and my boyfriend would have to pick another item. Since it was a special, shouldn't they have planned on a fresh sauce? This made me very nervous to eat fish and raw vegetables after all of these red flags. So we asked for the check for our drinks and side salad but we would be leaving. We did not want to cause a scene and harm their business in any way, we simply wanted to leave. The server brought out my salad still and I said I didn't want to eat it or pay for it. Moments later I heard the cook yelling and screaming and looking right at me. We were so uncomfortable that we threw cash on the table (overpaid) and left. By far the worst experience on the strip. I wouldn't recommend this place to my worst enemy...
5_star This is some of the freshest, best tasting food - and you will crave it. The staff - ask for Abner- is friendly and attentive. My favorite is the "soup on the side" but too frequently I have company and it's not a great sharing dish. The curry is great - and go spicy - it's a tollerable heat. One more advantage - good wine list, all bottles just $20. Enjoy one of my favorite spots.
5_star Food is always good and service on point, see Alicia, she is excellent! It's been several visits and I noticed that there is a lot of the same staff which is a good sign that things are working well from management on down. Everyone was helpful and had a smile which goes a long way in my opinion. Make sure to check in to get your complementary edamame. Great sushi and great service, my fav happy hour joint!
3_star I give them 2.5 because I don't really like their coffee - too acidic and sour tasting for me. The cafe itself is quite chic and has a cool hipster vibe that is characteristic of Montreal. Close to St. Laurent and McGill, you can find a lot of people working here at times so it might be hard to get a seat. The cafe is popular within the St Laurent Boulevard area, but I prefer Pikolo Espresso Bar on Parc Ave.
4_star It might not look much, but the Shawarma here taste really soft and good, as in it taste Fresh, unlike most other places where the stuffing is hard and/or dried. The price is right.
5_star WOW! I cannot write enough great things about this sushi place. The atmosphere was great but the service was the most unbelievable part. The owner was extremely sweet and attentive, always checking up on how the meal went....The sushi was so well priced and tasted amazing. Great specialty rolls. To top it off, I had the BEST drinks of my life that I am still drooling over by Charlottes #1 mixologist who calls himself "Bob the Bartender". At the end of the night, I was completely taken aback when a bill was never brought and our drinks were complimentary. I have never experienced a better staff and such a generous, kind owner. I am new in Charlotte and the experience at Pisces has made me love it here even more! I will definitely be going to Pisces all of the time...
5_star We went to Modern Steak yesterday to celebrate Father's Day and it was delicious, albeit pricey. My wife loves the beef tartare and she absolutely loved it. We ordered the 36 oz ribeye to share and it was very tender. I also like the fact that they source their meat from Alberta suppliers. We would go back.
3_star My hubby and I like these guys fine. Fans of the real old school greasy spoon (ie. The Stem) they deliver a good solid big grease fare. The service this morning was excellent. Why only three stars? Slightly more costly than a real old time spoon, I love booths to sit in and good tunes with my breakie. Otherwise I can easily rely on the Grill as a comfortable easy fall back.
5_star Went for breakfast today for the first time. I had the steak with egg whites, hash browns and a biscuit. The steak was juicy and tender. I usually ask for my hash browns to be well done but not here. They were crunchy on the top just right in the middle. The way I like them. New spot definitely.
4_star ???????????????????????????????????? ?????7:30??? ????????????? ????????????????? ??????????????????!! 2????????????????????
3_star DO NOT GO TO THE BOOTHS, the staffs will barely see you and service is a lot slower. I made that mistake twice and during both times it was obvious that we were less paid attention to. I would give two stars total due to the short staff but they deserve a three-star rating because the sushi and other pieces they offer are cheaper than what other Japanese restaurants offer. The taste isn't bad for what you pay. Their rice isn't sticky enough, rather it is dry (they will crumble as you try to pick up pieces) or it will be too hard (that it takes a little effort to separate the rice into mouthfuls). Personally I think this place is worth it if you order a takeout (and most will do that).
5_star Finished my sisters bachelorette weekend here for some Sunday funday drinking. It took awhile to get a table but was so worth the wait! We had endless mimosas and bloody Mary's and our food was delicious! The best part was our server Elatish. She was so fun and full of energy. I would definitely go back. We had a blast. Great food, dj, drinks and tvs so we could watch football.
2_star I preface by saying I have been a loyal patron of this restaurant for almost 10 yrs. in the early days they were very attentive, professional, great quality and competitively priced. During my most recent visit I have decided to not return again. Why? Service has slowly degraded over the years, seems the popularity has reached the cozy levels and no reason to excel further. For example, asking for water multiple times with a waiter finally snapping back with attitude and saying 'these people were here before you'! Wow, sorry that I asked. The food, well, this cuisine in generally very simple to prepare and but they have dropped the ball. The signature saganaki or 'flaming cheese' as some come to know it was substandard. In fact, I strongly believe it was a cheaper cheese blend that closely resembled mozzarella. I know my Greek cheese super well, I grew up with it at home and have had it at Mezes dozens of times. The shrimp dish and fried zucchini once again substandard. The shrimp seemed steamed (as to retain their moisture) and prepared last minute in the pan or broiler, not enjoyable at all. The zucchini was equally as unenjoyable. When I questioned the preparation method I was offered an unprofessional response with the delivery being somewhat belittling. Once again, sorry for my feedback. Next time don't ask me 'how is everything' if you are not prepared for the constructive criticism. Coupled with the above, the prices have sky rocketed! People, this is Greek food not some elaborate and complicated cuisine that only a select few capable chefs can manage to prepare. Sorry Mezes, in my humble opinion, you have taken your eye off the customer experience and dropped the ball. Time to re-evaluate, huddle with your staff, walk the Danforth and see what your competitors are up to. With so many choices on the Danforth there is absolutely no reason why I will continue to visit. Best wishes,
1_star 1. Food was great and reasonably priced. 2. Waitress (at the time I went) was rude and had poor table management. Waitress/Hostess seated groups of two's at tables meant for four's. Later on, comes out and says I don't have table for group of four's only two's. Better table management would've moved the line a lot faster. Waitress was rude and made snark replies when asked questions. Summary: If you can tolerate a long line up, the place is worth visiting. If you can not tolerate a poor service where the waitress was disrespectful and took her stress out on the patrons, I suggest going to other places. (I'm in this category)
2_star We tried happy hour on a Thursday evening. The place looks really cool and I had high hopes. We ordered the 3 salsa flight and chips, those were really good. It went downhill from there. The chicken wings were cold on the inside and had to send those back. We never did get plates that we asked for. We were told the dishwasher was behind. The manager took the wings off our bill but charged us for what we ordered instead, which we waited a long time for. It seems they have kinks to work out.
1_star The service is mediocre and the pho is not bad . The meat in the pho was tough and hard to chew . My lil one ordered the BBQ chicken and it was delivered to us In a matter of minutes after ordering . After cutting into the chicken I realized that the chicken had been cooked earlier in the day or yesterday perhaps ( def not fresh) and reheated once we ordered . I asked the Waiter bout this and he informed me that " we cook the chicken half way and finish the cooking when ordered, otherwise it would take 30 min or so to cook". Now I know it doesn't take more then 5-7 min to cook a thin slice of chicken . The chicken is a direct reflection of how they run their kitchen . I've been eating vietnamese for a long time and I will never return to this place . The prices are a lil above the avg. for this food.
3_star ???? sushi all-you-can-eat, fountain soda included
4_star A great little Japanese place with sushi as well as tempura and donburi. Outdoor seating available. Very polite servers and the sashimi was fresh. I did wait a while to get my food, but that might have been because 2 parties ordered right in front of me.
2_star Only reason reason I'm giving 2 stars is because the chef (which gave excellent customer service) made up for the HORRIBLE service we experienced for my sisters 21st bday dinner. Our server was very rude no smile at all made us feel like we were bothering him the entire time. Could definitely feel like he did not want to set our party. Had to ask for refills more than once and still charged a gratuity of over $70 which he did not deserve at all. Asked to speak to a manger there was not one available stated the employee which I'm guessing was the bartender that helped us more than our actual server. She was even the one to drop the check and cash us out. Thank god the chef was awesome and somewhat made up for this horrible experience. Next time I will make sure that man is not our server.
2_star Service (2 stars) Food(2 stars) pasta carbonara, seafood pasta, bone in filet, charred octopus, tomato salad. As others have said, Lavo is basically Olive Garden quality. Octopus and filet were served almost cold. The one item that was memorable was the meatball appetizer. Meatball (5 star) excellent! Better be good. It took 55 min to get to our table before it was followed by our cold dinner Atmosphere( 4 star) solid setting, decor and lighting. Lovely Summary: I'd go back for drinks and the meatball. Definitely not for the service. They don't give a shit. It's Vegas...waiters assume they'll never see you again.
4_star had brunch here with my daughter. The beignets and the cheese curds were to die for. Also tried the pancakes anc corned beef hash. Both were good, but probably wouldn't order again.Picked up a ham and cheese croissant and cherry danish from their booth outside the restaurant during the farmers market as well. Both were delicious. Expensive both worth it.
1_star Went here for a late lunch for 2. There were no more than 10 tables occupied in the entire restaurant at the time. Service was the slowest I have seen. Ordered the spinach dip to share, it got cold quite quickly and not enough bread sticks are served with it. Although the server brought some more they too were cold. Our empty plates sat on the table for quite some time as our server walked by on 5 different occasions. We were seated right by the open kitchen so had a view of all the food sitting on the pass waiting to be picked up. Our entrees were brought over by the chef at the pass sadly our dirty plates were still on the table. Our sever came over at that point to clear the plates. Ordered a burger with no tomatoes and of course two large slices of tomatoes were on the burger. Good thing I wasn't allergic as I would have had to wait for it to be redone. The food was okay, nothing to stand out. Plates were cleared and we asked for the cheque which took 10 minutes. We wished to pay with our credit card but didn't see out server after that so we're forced to leave money on the table and walk out. The service from all the staff we saw was beyond terrible. They spent more time visiting the two ladies who were sitting two tables over who were employees of the restaurant as well. We saw as a single diner waited 35 minutes for his entree and even then not all of it came together. And he didn't look to pleased either. This is not a restaurant I would visit again or recommend simply due to the lack of service and long wait times - total time 1hr45 min - one app, two mains.
1_star My husband and I ate at The Living Room for the first time this evening. As a vegetarian, I was happy to see a Veggie Salad in the menu. I ordered the Veggie Salad but unfortunately, jicama was accidently replaced with small turkey slices and a chuck of chicken. I did not realize it until a few bites into the salad... I explained the situation to our waitress, who seemed sincerely concerned, apologized and had my order removed from the tab - which I appreciated. Based on this experience, and overall concern with their food preparation, we are not dining at The Living Room anytime soon.
4_star AMBIENCE: A little hectic, especially when you first get off the escalator. You walk straight into a crowd and it's not clear where to go to get your name on the list (hint: it's on the right). SERVICE: Friendly and patient while I pored over the tantalizing menu, asking repeatedly for a couple more minutes. Even though the waitress was clearly busy, she kept checking on us. FOOD: I got talked out of ordering the (gigantic) blueberry pancakes and went with the chicken and waffles instead. It comes with 4 big waffle squares and 2 large fried chicken breasts. Definitely too much for one person. If the chicken fried steak is on the menu when you're there, you have to get it. It was enormous. VALUE: Excellent. Especially for being on the strip. You may want to split an entree. DRAWBACK: The wait can be super long. We actually got on the list, went up to our hotel room for 45 min, came back, and then waited another 15 minutes before we were called. Then we waited another 10 minutes before actually being seated. The food/value make this place worth the wait though.
5_star I simply love the fact that they have Tapatio for your fry's it brings me back to Huntington Beach, CA.. It is definitly a contender in my books for one of the best burgers in Vegas!
3_star I like that it's cheap. I like that the food names are kind of cute in a hardcore rock way. I don't generally love the food, but what do you want--it's fun, and it's cheap. A good place to meet up with people and not spend a ton on the tab. Only downside is that now the place is packed--all the time. Westside is still coming around, and right now they've pretty much cornered the market. As the area continues growing, I think the crowds will even out.
2_star This place is close to my office, but I'd never been before. There was a Groupon offered last week so I thought I'd try it out. The good: my salt bagel was *actually* salty. Since most places have decided that sprinkling one or two crystals of kosher salt on a bagel is good enough, this made me happy. The service was quick and pleasant and the restaurant was clean and well-kept. Onion, lox, tomato, and cream cheese were all as one would expect. The bad: yet another fluffy-thing advertising itself as a bagel. My bagel had no chew whatsoever. I get more resistance from an Einstein's bagel. I'll stick with Chompie's for now.
2_star I read about Nota Bene in the Toronto Life magazine and some reviews on Yelp so we ( my better half and three young children) decided to give it a go on a Friday night. As a precusor, I should let you know that we are new to the city and having spent the better part of our lives in Asia, we are used to eating at 'good' restaurants or so should I say those recommended as being good. Nevertheless, we came to Nota Bene with high expectations. The ambiance, is good. The wait staff diligent. The food good, but not deserving of an accolade of being the best restaurant in Canada. I am certain that there must be better restaurants because if this is the top then Canada has a very long way to go; internationally speaking. We started with the ceviche Hamachi - too too salty! I even told the waiter about it and he simply shrugged me off like my comments were not worthy. But honestly folks way too salty. My children and wife devoured the duck salad and they liked it so much they ordered a second. I had the scallops which were very good. My eldest son the brisket burger, my daughter a steak, and my other son a pasta. My wife had the special which was a lobster pasta. Good, but not top notch. We had a couple of glasses of wine ( at $20 for an 8oz glass highway robbery but hey, it is the best restaurant in Canada, right? - So a right exists for them to charge exorbitantly for mediocre wine) Would I go back. No. Would I recommend it? Perhaps........
2_star Good smoothies and juices but only 1 person doing the job.....ordered a smoothie and waited 30 min, this is the 2nd time it happens. Not worth the wait, don't come here if you are in a hurry!
4_star Great service. Ordered rare strip steak. It was served as ordered. Hadn't had one perfectly prepared in years. Each of us ordered something different. Each was pleased. Fried onions outstanding.
2_star It's well enough. Smells of spilt beer but without the sticky floors. Being from out of town I didn't realize there were 5 or 6 locations. If you're from Ann Arbor, this place is basically Grizzly Peak Brewing. Everything was unexceptional but not bad. In a town with so many good options, pass it up. Dance club music in such a casual atmosphere was a bold choice.
1_star Not good...store bought ingredients and had little flavor. My dad is an eating machine and he hardly touched half of his emilianos special.
5_star Love the tortilla soup here it is my favorite. The staff is usually great. It is a little pricey for my budget but if I want to go somewhere a little more special I choose here.
5_star This is some of the best food you'll ever eat. I can't rave enough about the entire menu. Everything is exquisitely prepared and presented. The prices are justifiable considering the quality and selection. I can't tell enough people about this place. Just go! Make a reservation!
3_star I have always wanted to try this place based on awesome reviews on their breakfast from friends and family, especially the French toast. Finally stopped in this morning around noon for lunch and was kind of underwhelmed by the whole place. Typical 15 to 20 minute wait for a table but noticed everything looked very classy, with white tablecloths and Specialty menus because of it being a Saturday. Talked to the waitress and she commented how they are trying a new thing with the specialty menus and going for a more decadent feel. Not really what I was looking for since I had two small kids with me, but we decided to give it a try anyway. They did not have many options on the specialty menu for the children so we paid $16 for a waffle and chicken for them. We could get ala carte items on the side , so we ordered a side of scrambled eggs. For the adults, we ordered the strip steak, asparagus and gruyere scrambled eggs with hollandaise sauce. Everything was delivered to our table and looked very well plated. The waitress was slow to fill our glasses and we never got our side of scrambled eggs. By the time they came we were basically done with our breakfast. The chicken and waffles was very tasty and the kids enjoyed it. The steak and eggs was disappointing. It was two very small slivers of medium cooked steak, with a few half pieces of asparagus over the scrambled eggs. What was supposed to be hollandaise sauce looked more like a combination of egg yolks and butter. The taste wasn't awful, but for $22 a plate I guess I had higher expectations. Overall it was not a terrible experience, however be prepared to know that you are ordering from specialty menus on the weekends and it is on the fine dining end of the spectrum. I was looking forward to having some great local French toast, so I guess I will keep looking.
5_star The wait wasn't that long and the dwen jang jjigae was pretty good! With the exception of being charged extra for lettuce, was a great experience!
5_star What a great find for a quick lunch. The place was packed on a Monday afternoon, but barely any wait even though there was a line. The roti chicken was delicious, along with the crispy yucca fries and a side of sweet plantains. Be sure to try all the pepper sauces the are all very flavorful and really complement the dishes nicely!
3_star this place was fine. Friendly enough; you get a sheet with all possible selections for you to enter your order - including drinks. Not sure if this place is licensed as I didn't see any alcohol on the order sheet. Had the deep fried spring rolls - which were really good also a Pad Thai - which was fine but chicken felt it had been overcooked or low quality chicken. Similar scenario with one of the Curry Chicken Noodles (item 260 I think) - chicken seemed overcooked or low quality. Prices are very reasonable and they do a thriving takeout business. Bathrooms were fine.
4_star I've only been here once but it was a great experience. First; the view of Pittsburgh is amazing! I had the Veggie Strudel and I thought it was amazing! The only reason I'm giving it 4/5 instead of 5/5 is that I wish they had more of a mixed drink menu; its really just wine. We had to ask them to make a certain drink but they were happy to do it. If they make a mixed drink menu, I think they would attract more people. The server was nice, kind of quiet, but nice. I recommend everyone going here!
5_star Cute little place and even better food! This location was formerly The Spot restaurant. I'm so glad Ta Lew moved into this place. I always get the Pad See Ew with chicken, it's my favorite! They will make it as spicy as you want. So delicious! Try them out.
3_star It is a shame that Cluny falls into the category of good food ruined by terrible service. I have dined at Cluny a few times in this year and have been bothered by the lack of check-ins and water refills. In my most recent visit, we had to start packing up in order to get someone's attention to bring a credit card machine over. (Sometimes I wish I could stand up and wave someone down like in Chinese restaurants...) That being said, I do actually find the food pretty good. The tomahawk veal meatball is great and I have yet to find a restaurant that does souffle consistently well. Cluny probably still has the most reliable food in the Distillery District that isn't outrageously expensive. I would return to Cluny, but I hope the service can be stepped up.
5_star This place is amazing! The Chicago dogs are amazing, as is Italian beef. Nice, fast service, delicious food, and get this, it's cheaper than the takeout place next to my house! Bottled water is 69¢! Can you believe it! It's cheaper than most fast food places (and the food is a million times better too). Everybody should get to eat here. Oh, and just a quick tip, if you like strawberries, the strawberry shortcake is absolutely to die for.
5_star We had a client dinner here in The Boardroom and it was great. It was a beautiful room with a great atmosphere. The service was excellent! We had appetizers and cocktails and dinner and we were there for at least 4 hours. We never felt rushed and Ryan our server was impeccable, he knew our names and had good suggestions as well. He jumped in the conversations when appropriate and was fun. He had an assistant who also made sure things were cleared away and refilled as needed. The manager come by a few times just to chat, again we were never made to feel rushed. The food was also excellent. As a Wisconsin girl living in Chicago, I love steak and a appreciate a good one. The burrata, assorted cheese plate and lump cakes cakes were also delicious. The lobster Mac and loaded hash browns were great sides. Everyone on out group was very pleased. I will definitely be back when I am in town.
1_star horrible service. they told me our order was going to be late (the quoted me 15 minutes). fair enough. we waited about 40 minutes for our order to show up. i won't even get in to the food quality as it didn't make up for the wait. they did however give us a $5 coupon for the next time. then i looked closer....$5 off a $30 purchase! never again...
4_star Knows exactly what it is. The lunch special is a favorite of mine, and a decent deal. Most of the time they'll get you in and out quickly. But if the owner isn't there things can drag a little. I'm always a sucker for Vermacelli Salad and Salad Rolls. They know what they're doing.
5_star One of my favorite hang-out spots in Vegas! My friends and I been loungin' at Firefly since 2005 and I have nothing but praises to say. Sangria and Mojitos are smooth plus their calamari and paella are delicious. As I said, I have nothing but praises!!
4_star I have to say that me and my friend liked the food a lot, but the service was really bad. There was a nice couple from the Cayman Islands and they also were commenting on the service. The servers pretty much ignore you until you practically throw yourself in front of them for attention. But even though the service was horrible, the food was really tasty! Try the "Meat Combination" for 2! Def give this place a try. This was a great place to eat, for my first time in Toronto!
5_star Food was delicious. My girlfriend and I sat at the bar and ordered a dozen raw oysters and the pan roast. The oysters were really good, sweet and juicy despite it not being in season. It did look like most people were ordering grilled oysters, so we'll probably try that next time. The pan roast was rich and absolutely delicious, and our server/cook, Dennis, was even kind enough to give us extra rice because we were sharing. Service was exceptional, had our waters/bread bowl refilled constantly and all of our needs satisfied almost immediately (though this may have also been because we were at the bar).
3_star A general rule of thumb when you go to these burger diners, always ask for the homemade burgers. The regular burgers are frozen patties and basically the same regular burger you would get at Harvey's. I used to go to Burger Shack every saturday when I lived in the area about 18 years ago. All burgers were homemade back then, tasted great. The souvlaki was full of greek herbs/spices and the homemade garlic sauce was amazing. Over the years they've changed the recipes in order to appease the mostly Canadianized area. I remember one guy actually got offended that his souvlaki had garlic and oregano on it. Made a big stink about it not being more Westernized. Idiot. Like most places it's not as great as it used to be. They still have great homemade burgers, fries are good. The souvlaki is a pale shadow of what it used to be but to most Canadians it should be fine. Cheaper than a Mcdonalds premium burger combo, more food and tastier in my opinion. Small place, small washroom, small seats. Very clean place though. A solid 3 stars.
2_star Cool restaurant great neighborhood concept but the food is so bland. Store bought chips for the dips. Kids Mac and cheese is gritty and flavorless. Chicken in salad is over cooked and not seasoned. Heaping pile of raw arugula on my pizza. Salt is great resource. Thanks but no thanks not again
5_star Food was fresh & so delightful! I walked in on them when they were closing and they fed this hungry prego woman! Lol I had a salmon bowl and it was sooo delish! I wanna try everything they have on their menu!!
1_star The service was pretty fast but the food was awful. The bun was stale and have the impression that the burger was made yesterday and reheated. Yuck!
3_star Not a bad BYOB. We ended up there on a busy Saturday night, but we were seated within five minutes for a group of ten. Service was slow at parts. The bread was good though (fresh and still warm). I ordered a Filet mignon, and it was delicious (nice and tender with great flavors). Pricing is a little high for small portions though (I would have expected slightly more sides with the beef. Overall, food is good, service is slow, price is a little high. Not a bad place to start off an evening with friends.
3_star Firstly, I think this place has been over-hyped by "You gotta eat here". Food here is good, but not great. Service is a bit slow and the decor has a slightly dirty atmosphere. I was sitting for a while before a waitress took my order. I got the "Special" (Smoked meat sandwich with fries, coleslaw and pickle). Food came at a reasonable pace (you can see them plating and slicing your smoked meat). Portion size is smaller than what I am used to for smoked meat (Bread was smaller and there was not as much meat as other places). However, quality of food was overall good. Meat was well-flavoured (not as good as Schwartz but not a bad alternative; Especially if you do not want to wait in line out in the cold). Fries were freshly cut and fried. Coleslaw was okay, and it was served with an entire pickle. It is also a place where you can get smoked meat to go like Schwartz. Overall, not a bad meal for the price.
2_star Heard good reviews about Lotus of Siam so had to stop here while in Las Vegas. I was disappointed. The food was salty and there was nothing special to it. Ordered beef larb salad which was hard to finish (I dont waste food!) because it was so salty. I wanted to try something new and ordered the Kang hung lay (pork stew northern curry). It was what it was.. stewed meat in red sauce. I cant even say if it was savory or had hints of anything.. Just blah. Staff was very nice. So nice they asked if everything was ok six times in half an hour. Let me eat in peace!! I wish I ordered some basic pad thai or egg rolls - its hard to go wrong with those.
1_star Je ne recommande ABSOLUMENT PAS ce brunch: salle bruyante, service très long (1h), oubli des commandes, les plats sont secs (pour le prix on ne peut pas trop se plaindre) . Les tables sont collées les unes aux autres a l'extrême et les serveurs sont facilement débordés.... DÉFINITIVEMENT DÉCEVANT
5_star Delicious Food! Calamari was awesome! Burgers are homemade and yummy! Sweet potato fries with wasabi mayo is a must! Very Attentive service! Recommend to everyone!
4_star The food was SO good! There were three of us in our party, we all ordered very different items and were all VERY happy with the quality of what we ordered. The prices aren't the cheapest; but hey, you get what you pay for! Wally's is a little small so you have to wait for a table and there isn't any "waiting" area. However, being crowded doesn't mean you are doing something wrong...it means you are doing it right. Can't wait to go back.
3_star I recently went here for reverse happy hour with my friend, Jason, on a Friday night. Now, north Scottsdale is not our normal place and we rarely venture up there but my friend wanted to go. As a girl, I wish he gave me some warning as to what to wear because i noticed the girls there were slightly more dressed up while I was dressed in a t-shirt, jeans, and boots. A pair of heels would've been better to go with the crowd. The place had a good atmosphere, ambiance, and were playing some fun music to get you in the mood for the night if you were going out afterwords. I know I lip synced to a song and serenaded Jason so if his ears were bleeding, from my "singing," his hearing must be going from something else. Or he was too distracted by the cute boy next to us. There was some eye candy there, also why I felt like I should have dressed a bit more. Anyways, the place was nicely filled and we didn't wait to be seated at a table. We ordered a Diamondback roll, the calamari and the veggie tempura. I've gone to a few sushi places for happy hour and some don't give you the appropriate portion size, but here it was a good size for apps to be shared between two people. The calamari and tempura was all right. The tempura had a nice heat to it as well as our Diamondback roll. We were fairly full from our order. Jason also ordered the witch doctor drink, which he loved. I didn't try it, but I intend to next time.
4_star It's good pizza. Happy hour from 3-6 has good prices on both food and drinks. However I have to take a star away for the regular menu prices. We both felt our sicilian pizza was good but certainly not worth $32. We will probably return for strictly happy hour food and drinks but I doubt we'd go back at night.
2_star So I keep reading reviews where people say "I want to like whatever place, but I just can't." This is how I feel about Harlow's. The inside is cool... I like the retro diner feel. And it's right around the corner from me, so it would be a great convenient spot. And the prices are decent, except for the fact that the food is just not good. (In the end I feel like I just wasted $30 on a crappy meal.) I've given the place two tries, and I just don't get how the rating is so high and why it's always busy. The first time I had the eggs benedict. Not great, but not terrible. I would never go back for more of that though. I had read that the eggs Maximilian are the gem on the menu, so when I gave the place another go, I tried it. Also not good. My first bite was cold. Not room temperature cold, but like refrigerator cold. The flavor is somehow bold and bland at the same time. I ate about 1/4 of the plate and couldn't do it anymore. I left the place unsatisfied and kinda hungry. My boyfriend likes pretty much everything and is NOT a picky eater, but he didn't like his chorizo breakfast burrito. I don't know how you can mess up a breakfast burrito, in AZ nonetheless, to the point that the guy won't eat it, but... well, it happened. The OJ tastes like the stuff you get out of a machine at a hotel breakfast. You know you've made a mistake when you know you would have eaten better tasting food at Denny's. :( I can't decide between one star or two. I will never go back there because the food is so bad. But the service is fine.
1_star Terrible. Paid 15$ for one piece of lasagna which apparently comes with garlic bread and a salad. They messed up my salad first of all by not putting cheese on it which I paid extra for, and placed quite literally, once piece of lasagna surrounded by a sea of sauce and cheese into a circular aluminum pan. What is this???? They also messed up my friends salads with their orders too. Total order cost over 50$ and they didn't get it right. Awful 1st experience.
2_star Service at the bar leaves a lot to be desired. Sat unattended for no less than 10 mins just waiting and hoping for the opportunity to order another drink, but by the 11th hour, I bailed. Good food and pleasant atmosphere, but the lack of care and attention rivals that of diners slinging $3 pancakes....not "high end" establishments such as this one
5_star So this place used to be a steak joint, and as a vegetarian, I never really had a reason to pay it any mind. But the Wahoo's has been here for a little while, and let me tell you, I am quite glad it has! Does henderson lack a decent Mexican restaurant? No. But trying to find a decently clean late night bar that's not a PT's that also serves some great vegetarian options at a very competitive price can be an exercise in futility. $3 pacificos all the time. I got the "Outer Reef" vegetarian burrito, which, for ~$5 was very satisfactory. I'd get it again, but I'd probably ask for less rice and more beans. The view at night is wonderful as well! The addition of outdoor seating and a few couches around a fire really make for a pleasant experience. Would definitely recommend!
2_star I was really disappointed. I've only been here once and the pizza was soggy which is awful by any standards, let alone for "New York" pizza. The two stars is for the waitress who was really nice and all the decorations inside.
3_star I've only had the Gyros sandwich/wrap but it was delicious! My only suggestion is to ask for extra taziki sauce but that's more of a preference.
4_star Ordered Car Side one prime rib that was cooked just right and one rib eye which was very tender. Also received our free bloomin onion (thanks Ryan Newman). Overall good quality of food and food was ready when i arrived at the time they told me on the phone.
4_star This place is awesome! There are so many different kinds of sandwiches! Try the bomb sauce it is so good! Service is excellent! Upon our first visit we had no idea what to order. The OWNER took the time to cut up some bread and pour each of the sauces into a ramekin so that we could try all the sauces to see which one we wanted on our sandwich. Since they had just opened, service is seamless, but they were still super friendly. This is the place to go! I can't wait to try all the different sandwiches.
2_star It's all right. Typical bar that's not-that-good-but-tries-to-make-up-for-it-with-scantily-clad-women joint. Think Library or Hooters, maybe Heart Attack Grill with the exception of that it's a grill, obviously. Food is mediocre, beer is pretty much the same as you can get in any other bar, so go if you are a lonely guy who likes to look at girls, basically.
1_star I've been here several times. And the food went DOWNHILL about 2-3 years ago. It's overpriced like crazy. It was blacklisted by me a long time ago...the breaking point was when i ordered some kind of vegetarian stir fry type dish and there was fucking birds eye frozen vegetable medley with peas, carrots and CORN in my dish. Corn, seriously, I didnt know that was a part of Asian cuisine. $14 for shitty frozen vegetables and rice. Save your $
1_star My husband placed an online order for a smoked turkey breast and a pecan pie with a designated pick-up time for the day before Thanksgiving. He arrived to pick it up and there was a very long line -- no problem; he had expected that. The problem came when he finally got to the counter and gave them his order confirmation number for the turkey and the pie. They told him you couldn't reserve a pie online. Well, their system sure allows you to do so, and my husband had his printed confirmation to show them, which he did. But they rudely told him that it didn't matter. So he left without the pie he ordered a month in advance, after waiting in line longer than people who did not place orders, and after being treated rudely. What is the point of ordering ahead if they won't honor it? We won't ever be back.
2_star We went there Saturday Dec 26 .we ordered fried calamari. Portion were half what was posted on food gallery.they were horrible Chewy hard like leather.other items were higher in price than other Italian restaurants, portions are smaller as well. Difinetly not a 4stars.may be they are a 2 star not more
5_star LOVE LOVE LOVE! Good food, Great Service, even better specialty cocktails. I've read several other reviews of Windsor and am SO sick of hearing people complain that "it's not Postino"...um hello, it's not supposed to be. Fun Fact, restaurateur's do occasionally open restaurants with different concepts, this isn't a cheesecake factory people!! The #29 cocktail is totally unexpected and I may have a small addiction going on, and I drool over the Fattoush Salad (ps, I add chicken and Skrimps :), yes Skrimps), and the vibe there is just so fun and laid back. All the servers couldn't be nicer, and my server last time, Lisa, was the best...on top of things, friendly, and FAST. My new fav hang out, and no, no intervention necessary please!
5_star Great food great service. My wife and I had breakfast here over the weekend - coffee arrived at the table in record time and breakfast followed soon after. The portions for "the bunker" (corn beef hash) are large enough that we each had a midmorning snack later in the day. We've been in a number of times over the years and I've always been glad that we've stopped.
1_star One its a McDonalds and two its a McDonalds. There is two places to order in the drive thru but for some reason the drive through allays has a huge wait.
2_star Had both good and disappointing experiences On the plus side the service was great, attentive, helpful and friendly. Unfortunately, the food left a lot to be desired. It was overwhelmingly salty!!! I've had french food in multiple cities and restaurants and its usually on par with highlighting flavors. But on the day i went, all anyone could taste was the salt, whether it was meat, vegetables or soup. Actually the steak was cooked correctly and was tender, but the excess of salt ruined it. Same with the duck. The scallops were so overcooked they were basically rubbery, which another person at my table found difficult to even eat. Since there were a lot of good reviews about the food here, I would hope that my party was there on an off night and this is not the regular standard of food, because all the things we ordered was standard french fare.
4_star Four stars only because I almost never give five...but this was definitely a really good lunch experience. A creative menu without getting overly cute, and everything was done well and nicely presented. It's an odd location, but don't let that fool you. It's well worth going a little out of the way to enjoy some interesting small plates-style dining. This could become a regular in my lunch rotation....
4_star Finally tired out pizza rock and the buzz was true. The Pizza was amazing and the service was as well. You must try the calzone. It is a bit pricey for downtown I think. The pizza's are pretty huge. The service and staff are quite friendly. Must try
3_star First time there, new in town. Very good Chips. Salsa was very tasty but runny. Food was very hot. Beef in my wife's Fried Chimi was questionable, and big portions of tortilla were raw. My Baja Burrito was pretty good. Got the pork, and after tasting the beef in wife's, I'm so glad I did. Rice was OK, Beans very good. Place was very clean, nice atmosphere, good service. I'd possibly go back in a few months, but we really don't like Pepsi.
3_star I'm from S. Cali where the Sushi options are plentiful. Moving to AZ I've been in desperate need of finding a local sushi spot that would be at least semi-comparable to the quality we get back in LA and at reasonable price-points. Taking in to consideration that the fish might be fresher and not previously frozen because LA has its harbors, I went to Hiro's with lower expectations so I wouldn't be disappointed. Overall, the ambiance and the sushi quality is pretty good for being in AZ. However, the prices are a bit high as to be expected being that it is located in Scottsdale and that the rent and getting quality fish so far inland from the coast would raise cost. The portions could be larger to justify the higher prices. Moreover, I don't understand WHY the bento boxes (i.e. Teriyaki Chicken & Mixed Tempura) is priced so high! For that reason, I probably won't be returning here, especially if I want non-fish options. That kind of stuff shouldn't be priced so high because it's produced locally. I would understand if it were Kobe beef or something.. but chicken? And to add insult to injury, the chicken that I received that night was a bit on the dry side. Not sure if it was an isolated incident but for the high price I expect quality or even naturally raised organic style chicken...now we're talking! Anyway, now I feel cheated in that respect. Sorry Hiro, on to the next spot!
4_star Good eats, good atmosphere. A bit pricey on the drinks. Nice friendly staff. The fish and chips is my main meal. Add a spotted cow or capital amber and you have a great meal.
1_star Well I was excited to try an Italian bistro in the neighborhood... But was it ever disappointing. Restaurant that is in a bar, didn't serve drinks, you had to go to the bar and order for yourself. Then after a long long wait, our order was taken... My husband ordered Chicken wings, and I ordered Chicken piccata with angel hair pasta, salad and garlic bread... After a 25 minute wait my salad comes out with ranch dressing in a cup, but I had ordered Italian dressing. After another 10 minute wait out comes a huge bowl of spaghetti with lemon sauce and capers. When the waitress delivers my husbands chicken wings I asked if my chicken piccata was coming? She went back to the kitchen with my bowl of spaghetti a partial eaten piece of garlic bread and my fork. 3 minutes later out came the bowl of spaghetti with chopped up chicken pieces added. I wouldn't eat anything more. Don't waste your time. Too many wonderful places in the neighborhood.
4_star Nothing fancy here. Just good fried oysters and some neat history. We met the owner and she waited on us herself. She was extremely accommodating for 6 hungry patrons who needed a late night bite.
2_star Just that mon.. nutin specialn..tiny rolls...lots of pep n very crowded. Cattle eating sushi... I think I slip into smiths n eat Doritos.
3_star Having a craving for something spiced and exotic and motivated by a friend's comments that, "there is a good Indian place over on Queen," I ventured out in hopes of finding something deliciously curried. Upon arrival we found that this is an odd spot on Queen West where a string of three of four Indian restaurants are all lined up side-by-side, so which to choose? One thing I love about Toronto restaurants that you won't always find in smaller cities are menus posted on the outside of the building. Little India stood out for it's well-organized, easy to understand and well-priced menu - in we went. It is definitely an intimate spot, having no real capacity to hold very large groups, but was still quite comfortable for our dining duo. It was a cold Thursday night and not overly busy, so it did not feel crowded, and it gave the servers that much more time to be attentive. The menu is substantial and has a variety of dishes. The price range is about $15 - $20 for an entrée, but be sure to ask which ones come with rice or Naan and which don't so that you can order them on the side. First up was the mixed platter appetizer, which included samosas, onion bhajia, pakora and spring rolls. Everything was crispy, hot and just the right size for something before the entrée-and it came in at under $5. For the main, I ordered the chicken kebab and my dinner partner had the Madras chicken. Fair warning: if they tell you it's going to be hot, then it's truly hot. We are all too accustomed to those Canadian-ized restaurants that tone down their spiciness to appease the masses, and it is arguable that Little India may do this too, but in any case, take the servers' recommendations to heart. I do enjoy some heat, but my taste buds can't handle extremes, so I steered clear on this occasion-except for a little taste of the Madras. For those of you who do like spice, you'll love this! It has that heat that creeps up after a few bites, not that punch-in-the-face-burn that you might get from cheap chicken wings covered in Frank's Red Hot. Our server did lean my friend toward the less-spicy of the dishes she was deciding between at first, much to her dismay, but as it turns out his suggestion right on. As for my tamer dish, it had more of a Mediterranean flavour to it; grilled, lemony and came with a cucumber salad garnished with cilantro. It was a happy reminder of summer while dining in the depths of winter. One of the greatest things about this restaurant is something I was not even able to take advantage of: the lunch buffet. This is a bit of a hike from my own home and workplace, but for those of you in the area, I say go for it! Buffets have a bit of a bad reputation (and for the most part it's well-deserved), but a small arrangement at a non-chain location like this can be a perfect opportunity to try a variety of what is on the menu, especially if it is food you're mostly unfamiliar with. Overall, I can't leave you saying it was the very best Indian cuisine I've ever had, but I can say that I wasn't disappointed, and I would go back again-especially for that buffet.
2_star Bland and overly processed food. Weak margaritas. Good service, but overall disappointing experience food wise.
4_star We had a Party of 7 in for lunch and it was pretty good food. The Server was ok. Mt Dew cost $3.50 and a Pepsi cost $3.75. The waitress didn't know why.
3_star De bons plats italiens comme Mamie en faisait en Toscane. Mais pourquoi paye-t-on la bouffe familiale aux prix de la haute cuisine ? Ce qu'il y a de plus agréable dans ce resto, c'est la terrasse. Elle ne donne pas sur la rue, mais se trouve plutôt dans une allée entre deux vieux immeubles en brique. Cela ne manque pas de charme - surtout les nuits d'été - et donne aux clients l'impression de participer à la fameuse scène de La belle et le clochard. La cuisine n'est pas mal, mais n'a vraiment rien d'exceptionnel non plus. Chaque plat que je goûtais me donnait l'impression de pouvoir faire aussi bien chez moi. Ce n'est pas forcément une mauvaise chose, mais ce n'est pas acceptable à ces prix-là. Au moins les portions étaient assez copieuses. En gros, ça allait, mais je ne crois pas que j'y reviendrai tout de suite.
5_star Huge fan, delicious, wonderful environment. Once my friend commented that she liked one of the cow mugs and asked where should could get one. The manager gave her one! Service isn't always the fastest but they also don't mind if you stick around for a while after your meal.
5_star Huge breakfast, really creamy, tasty waffle & pancakes! We could have fed another person with all the food served, we will be back!
5_star OMG. This place is amazing. Fast friendly service. Reasonable prices. Enormous portions. "YOU HAVE GOT TO EAT HERE". This was my first visit and won't be my last.
1_star I ate here this evening and will never go back. The waitress was incredibly rude and picked up my plate as I was literally taking the last piece of sushi off of it to put in my mouth. When we asked for the bill she punched the amount into the machine and walked off with the bill. The food was meh, to be honest I'm actually laying down writing this because I have horrible stomach pain and nausea so if I end up having full fledged food poisoning I wouldn't be surprised. Never, ever, again.
5_star Excellent resturant. Great variety of tasty and healthy dishes. I have been in Chickpeas restaurant in the past 7 months many times both for lunch and dinner. Some times with friends and relatives. We will go back whenever we have the opportunity. The restaurant is clean, very friendly atmosphere, excellent food and prices are very reasonable. Recently, they revised their menu. Excellent selection of tasty foods. We have been there with freinds and relatives, they love to go back there too; they really have enjoyed it. This resturant has a great menu, Pizzas, Mediterranean, and Persian dishes, as well as fresh pastries and bread that they bake every few hours. Highly recommended.
3_star Came here with a few friends for the lunch buffet. Literally after about 30 seconds after we sat down and got the menu, the waitress came to take our order. We told her we needed a few mins to decide and then she glared at us acting all pissed and left. Once we actually ordered, the food came out pretty fast. Everything we ordered were pretty fresh and well made. Love the atmosphere of the place, just lacked some music in my opinion. Wasn't the best experience, some of the waitresses were rude and will ignore you if you try to ask for something. They would only voluntarily show up at your table 3 times, first to take your order, second time about 20 mins later, and lastly to take your "last call" and shove the check in your face to force you to leave asap. Just felt really rushed in the end even though there wasn't any people waiting for a table or anything. Nonetheless, I'd come back for the food but not for their service.
1_star I just went to this place !!! Omgggg horrible , horrible food , horrible place !!!! I got chicken shawarma- was cold , no taste. And the worse part nobody was wearing freaking gloves !!!!! I swear I saw a young guy ( who was making my shawarma ) "massaging"my sandwich , no gloves , with his fingers inside my sandwich !!! Disgusting! Don't go there !!!
3_star Love the food but the service could use a little work. I get that you want to move people through as fast as possible when it's busy, but you don't have to stare me down. I just want to enjoy my food and not burn my mouth trying to hurry up for you.
3_star Decent Middle Eastern food. Don't believe the hype. There are many restaurants in Montreal that are just as good but at a much lower cost. Service is lacking.
1_star My boyfriend and I love sushi and have had many in Charlotte. We thought we tried this one since we bought a groupon for it. This is by far THE worst place I have been for sushi and service. I was disappointed in the food and our server. Took forever to receive our sushi. But what made the night worse was when I showed them my groupon through my app off my phone they refused to take it saying they needed a printed copy to put in the computer. I, being a server myself, and also having to have dealt with groupons couldn't understand why she wouldn't accept my groupon. So we had an argument for 5 minutes. Than my boyfriend asked for a manager and we were told no one was in other than the cashier. GREAT! The cashier calls the manager and comes back to tell me the most she can do is take 20 percent off my tab. Tab was 59.43 and through groupon I had paid 15 for 30 so I was infuriated to say the least. Even showing the damn groupon receipt and what it in tells that I am entitled to she still denied my 30 dollars off. So we told her we will not pay for anything on the tab because now we're being ripped off. Needless to say after 30 minutes of arguing and being chased down they finally took my groupon and we were able to pay. I will NEVER come back here again nor recommend anyone, especially w groupon.
3_star This Buffet at Bally's is decent, it's not bad. I came here twice, once the line was long due to dinner. I haven't been here in years. But it's a good buffet, it's nothing special but it gets the job done.
5_star They have amazing food. Our favorite are the desserts, especially the raw cheesecake. It's not just for vegetarians/ vegans - even my grandpa who eats meat everyday was loving the Philly melt......until we told him it wasn't beef :-)
1_star The service -- if it can be called that -- at Bobbie's has been steadily declining for quite some time. My husband and I decided to give the place one more chance. What a mistake. After being shown to a table, we sat there for at least 10 minutes while the wait staff cleared tables, stood by the cash register and talked, checked on the few other patrons who were there and just generally ignored us. We finally got up and walked out and in doing so passed by a group of four employees who were standing near the entrance talking. None of them even looked at us. This irritated my husband even more than he already was, so he went back and told them we were walking out and why. One woman responded, "Were you sitting in there?" and another said, "It wasn't my job to wait on you, but I'll take care of you now if you want to sit back down." We declined the offer and told them we would not be back. They obviously could not have cared less.
1_star The absolute worst service in Las Vegas. It was horrible. The server was rude. The hostess rolled her eyes at me when I asked her a question. I paid over $500 for a horrible experience with mediocre sushi.
2_star Will not be coming back. We ordered two baked potatoes because we usually love them. Got them, and they were cold. We got honey bee wings. Let me just say before this time we got the same thing and they were undercooked. The ones we got this time we literally all burnt. I get they are charred. But all I could see was black! All I tasted was a bad burned crunch of chicken. These wings should not have gone out. They were not edible. Waitress brought us more and more and more wings. We didn't need them all. Just fix what you gave me. Don't over do it. Manager gave us two more potatoes but we had already eaten the cold ones. How about we make sure food just comes out right. Make sure it's not sitting at the expo window getting cold or pay attention before you burn my wings. Show more attention to detail and show that y'all care about presentation, taste and customer service, because you don't have the friendliest staff around.
5_star Went here during lunch today. Menu looked so good I couldn't decide what to get so I told my AWESOME waitress ANN to pick something for me. She picked the Jerk Chicken Sandwich. There was a symphony of flavors in each bite. Cooked perfectly, spiced wonderfully and excellently presented for lunch. Service ("Ann") was really good; she was professional, courteous and very attentive. I really loved the décor of the restaurant. Felt like I was a thousand miles away from Cleveland. Then there was the Key Lime Pie...OUTSTANDING, you can tell it was literally homemade; the meringue was light and fluffy, but the secret was the crust, moist and delicious. What a great experience! Christopher
1_star For the price the pizza it was not worth it! The atmosphere is cool but the food is just not anything to get excited about!
2_star On 2/2/10, My party of three came to Champion Gourmet for the hot-pot. We found it disappointing. The atmosphere sucked. The place was cluttered and run-down, with a television blaring Chinese language soap operas at full volume for the entire meal. We had to get our own water from a water cooler with dinky Styrofoam cups. We experienced a severe language barrier with the wait staff, which in of itself is not a deal-breaker, but in conjunction with everything else, made the bitter icing on an already crappy cake. Our hot pot took a long time to come to the table. We ordered the spicy broth, with lamb as our main protein. A plate of enoki mushrooms, squash, corn on the cob, cabbage, zucchini, tofu, and noodles was included with the lamb, gratis. We also ordered some shrimp dumplings, clams, and squid balls. The lamb was great - no complaints there. The veggies were fine, too, and the squash was surprisingly delicious. However, the shrimp dumplings were truly disgusting. They tasted - and smelled - like low tide. Oh my word, were they fishy and briny! They stank up all our soup! They tasted so amazingly bad, I couldn't determine if that was their intended flavor, or if they'd simply gone rancid. And the clams were no better. I couldn't believe how rank they were. The squid balls kept me from losing all faith in this place's seafood. They were chewy and mild, with a slightly sweet flavor. Even though the wait staff was sitting in the same room as our party, they were too busy watching the TV to attend to us whatsoever. I had to walk up to one of them and physically tap her on the shoulder to get her to take our second order (more lamb, and more noodles). I was afraid that we might get food poisoning from the seafood, but my friends and I seemed fine all evening. I've had better hot-pot at a Chinese buffet in Saint Louis, Missouri. I won't be back.
5_star I've never had a Sonoran hot dog before but this won't be my last. Absolutely wonderful.
2_star Great atmosphere but the food was not good at all. The brisket was undercooked and tough. They try to cover that fact with a ton of bbq sauce. It sucks for the staff there because they were pretty good. If you want a motorcycle atmosphere with cafeteria food and Harleydavidson prices, this place is for you.
4_star The food is very good and I really like the ambience. Lots of choices for trying to eat vegetarian and they're willing to improvise the menu if there's something you want. I'm still not sure about it's location in Tivoli, which appears to be a shopping center with only restaurants (?).
1_star I'm traumatized for life ! We just found a huge black spider crawling on our burgers !!!! Never coming back again ! And what's worse is that we just got off a 7 hour flight and this was our first stop ! We told the manager and he actually didn't believe us! At least we got a refund but I really think they need to get the kitchen cleanliness checked !
2_star The reviews for this place were so good I was really excited to place my take out order. I really like vegetables so I ordered all vegetarian items and I have to say it was just, meh. Oh well, I guess I'm still looking for that one great place for Chinese in the SE Valley.
3_star I've been here several times and each time I'm satisfied, but not blown away. The service is very slow, so I recommend eating at Ethiopian House with folks you like talking with. Otherwise, much awkward silence will ensue. Although service is slow, they waitstaff are very nice, the portions are generous and the prices are appropriate. I never leave hungry.
3_star Techno-clubby music (loud too), smoke from the casino, and high prices are jarring notes to this otherwise decent restaurant in Bally's casino. I've had the red curry and the pho ga. Both were good, the curry having a good amount of heat as requested, but the 18$ for each entree was on the high side of what it should have been. The pho ga broth seeemed overly salty and oily. If you have to eat here, its OK, but if you have a car, go visit a real Thai place.
3_star I used to live in San Francisco, So when I saw this place I was pretty stoked. I ate the bread bowl filled with clam chowder and also a sandwich. Really fresh and I got my fix of San Francisco sour dough.
5_star Really nice restaurant. The place has a good feel and the sushi is fresh and good. The service is fast and friendly. Recommended for any one who love sushi.
3_star I give the view 4 stars. We rode the incline up and it was a short walk to the restaurant. We arrived at 1pm and the two of us were seated by the window, which was nice. I give the food 2 stars. I had a flatbread (recommended by the waitress) and my husband had the Cuban sandwich. Both were very mediocre. Edible, but certainly nothing I would purchase again. I would have been much more pleased with chipotle, had one been available. The salads and burgers and I saw coming out of the kitchen didn't look appetizing and I saw one man salting his burger, which is never a good sign. Service was also mediocre. I have no idea why this place has 4 stars on Yelp. Would I come back? No.
3_star Was here late last year and am sorry to say I wasn't thrilled with it! I had very high expectations given the reputation and expansion of the brand. Ambiance was vibrant which I enjoyed but the food underwhelmed me. I love neopolitan style pizza and thankfully there's a lot of options in the city. They have all the right components here (italian tomatoes, quality house cheese, high gluten flour for the pizza) but I was missing a chew and a slight crisp in the crust. We shared the prosciutto appetizer and some olives to start, then I went with the "house-made sausage" pizza. It was a white pizza with caramelized onion, mozzarella and chili oil. Ingredients were tasty but the crust was just too soft, dare I say a bit soggy. Wine list was solid and we enjoyed a nice bottle of primitivo. No dessert on this occasion. I would like to go back and give the calamari appetizer a try, it looks pretty delicious on yelp. I'll let you know if my review improves.
4_star I am not going to talk about the food in this review. The food is just fine. It is great quality, well prepared, and exactly what you expect from Italian American restaurant. What I do want to comment about is the service. You are walking into their home. Fran and/or Jimmy will greet you at the front desk. My server, David, recommended food items as if he were going to eat them himself. I knew it wasn't because they were going bad and the chef wanted to make sure they got moved. He did not steer me wrong in anyway shape or form. Conversation with Fran and Jimmy as I left felt like I was in their home, They had invited me for dinner, and we were having after dinner conversation. It was fabulous! I can only hope that if they ever travel to Washington DC that I will have the opportunity to host them at my house the way that they hosted me in theirs. Go for the food, but definitely go for the service!
3_star I drove by many times while it was being renovated. Heard it was pretty good. So, a couple of days after its Grand Opening, a group of us decided to give it a try. The line was wrapped around the building. It looked like such a long wait. But looks can be deceiving. It took only about a good 15 minutes to get in and be seated. Anyways, let's get to the food review. Food was plentiful and ongoing, never had to wait for them to bring it out. Quality was good, service wasn't bad. But...the downside was, most items were extremely salty! Would I go back? There's a good chance, but hopefully the food won't been too salty the second time around.
1_star Definitely the absolute worst experience ever in a restaurant. We made reservations on 2/13. A day before Valentine's Day. We come to find out that the restaurant is have a preset menu. To begin, the server does not even put out what the pre-mixed menu is. We find out woth the table next to us that 2 of the few dishes on the testing menu is Abalone and Uni. 2 dishes my girlfriend and I don't eat. So before we order anything we nicely tell the server that we are not interested in dining and that we would pay the cancellation fee for the reservation. She comes back n demands the whole dinner price of $250 and says you have to pay even if you don't eat. On top of that the manager becomes argumentative! Bottom line he was so mad because they only had 3 sets of clients eating there. Please refer to all the negative reviews. They all had the same thing about the staff and management and basically trying to force you to pa for food that you can not eat.
5_star Great food great service great prices. Had ths georgia pulled pork with devil spit sauce
4_star This was my first time trying Culvers and i loved it. The food is fresh and the restaurant is clean. The staff is very friendly and on top if everything as well. I would return :)
5_star This place has a good environment, it seems cleanlier than the other pho restaurants. The food is really good for the price and it tastes authentic to asian cuisine. The pho bowls and the vermicelli dishes are to die for. All the servers here are really nice, and have amazing service. They're really cool and have an amazing aura to them. Overall, I have an amazing dining experience every visit here and would definitely recommend to anyone looking for a good hearty bowl of pho.
2_star Host was rude, rice was disgusting, their silverware was dirty. Won't recommend this place to anyone.
3_star Good. Noisy space. Busy, lots of teenagers in formal wear - prom dinner destination? Too many fried items on the menu. But given the choices in the neighborhood, an excellent alternative.
1_star Good deals, but ridiculous delivery times. Waiting an hour every time I order isn't worth it.
3_star We went for breakfast on a Tuesday morning. I got the Southern Scramble and it was wonderful. So incredibly tasty and fabulous. The grits were also very good, but my goodness, there was so much butter in them they should call them "Butter Grits". My dad got the biscuits and chicken sausage gravy and here is where things went wrong. I also got a side of the chicken sausage gravy to go with the biscuit that came on my plate. The outside of the biscuit was hard and the inside seemed undone. The top of the biscuit had SUGAR. Bleh. While I liked the flavor of the chicken sausage gravy, my dad didn't and then complained of the taste "revisiting" until lunchtime. Neither one of us liked the biscuits at all, which is odd since the name of the joint is Biscuit Café. They state you can order toast instead of the biscuit ... so will do that next time. The apple butter in a squeeze bottle is very good. Will try that on the toast next time.
4_star I got the injeolmi bingsu with one other friend to split, and it was super good! The portion size is a bit too big for two people who had just ate lunch, but it was really delicious and we finished the dessert. The atmosphere is nice and quiet too, I would recommend coming here if you're craving korean shaved ice!
4_star Big thumbs up. Their cheese empanadas are to die for. We served them with refried beans and chili sauce - amazing.
5_star Had dinner there last night and everything was spectacular. The ambiance and architecture of the restaurant is super hip. Looking forward to sitting on the patio too. Our server Joy was very helpful and knowledgeable about the menu and helped us pair our drinks with the food we ordered. We had some oysters, the Avocado salad, Salmon and the Radio Milano pasta dish and it all tasted delicious. Their cocktail list is really inventive and yummy! This is definitely going to be the new hot spot in Arcadia!!! Can't wait to go back and try more of the food and drinks!
4_star We ordered online and got the kung pao chicken and orange chicken along with cream cheese rangoons. It arrived a lot faster than we were expecting, and the person who delivered it was very friendly. The portion sizes were not bad either. The cream cheese rangoons were divine, and the kung pao chicken was pretty good too. The orange chicken had a good flavor, but it was a little on the dry side and a quite chewy. Overall, I will be ordering from this place more often.
1_star It would get less than 1 star if possible. When this branch on Eastern in Henderson first opened they appeared to make an effort to please the local customer base. We have tried it three or four times. We have not been here for a couple of months. Oh my, how fast it has become a has been. No more tries at this particular site. One order was wrong and the waitress was admittedly 'sorry', enough to offer to 'take care of it' without us asking. Her idea of taking care of the matter was to write a note on the ticket "Wrong omelet, but ate anyways"... it was half eaten because we were looking for the ham, when we realized it was a mistake we notified the waitress, who did little but write a very rude note and attach it to our check. The other order was served incorrectly also, but- with much delay- corrected. We left without finishing half of either meal. We left a small tip anyways for a small effort. The cheery serving staff that was here at the opening has left behind a rather bland, unpleasant staff that is only half interested in making this site as homey as other ones. With so many offerings in the Las Vegas area for breakfast, it would be a better experience to give your business to a nearby alternative, in fact, any nearby alternative.
4_star I'd say this would be a 4/5 Review. I had made my first visit to Le Cafe Michi for birthday dinner this past week. It's hidden away in a tiny plaza off of Sheppard and Pharmacy. The place has limited seating but cute. Luckily we had made reservations. The front area has a display case of the cakes. Out of place there were also some extra goodies like handmade goods and jewellery being sold. The decor of the place tries to capture a "cafe" environment you'd find in Japan along with exposed brick areas that divide seating and the cake display case. In the back room was a private area that looked like a sushi bar. Along the hallway windows lined across the wall of the back room to appear as if you were peering into a cafe along a street. When we had been seated and settled in, we ordered 3 "dinner meals" to share. Each came with choice of cake and either tea or coffee ; Uni Don, Chyo Chin bento, and a Chirashi. In addition we ordered another sashimi set in case there wasn't enough to go around for our family of four. Food service was a bit slow but the patience paid off when our food arrived. The presentation of the dishes were delightful. The Chyo chin bento came in a round egg like bowl with could be separate into 3 sections (top layer was fried chicken, middle was sashimi sampler and bottom layer was Unagi don)... kind of how dim-sum bamboo steamers are stackable. The chicken was crisp and flavourful and the spicy mayo was the perfect balance for it; it was quite popular among my family. The Unagi-don was quite good also; both the rice and the Unagi contributed equally to lfavours. The other 3 dishes (Uni don, Chirashi and Sashimi set) probably impressed me the most. In terms of presentation the sashimi sat on a very thin layer of Tamago and definitely packed with a lot of sashimi unlike a lot fo places I've been to. Both the Chirashi and Sashimi set came with a wide variety of fish and seafood; the ones that stood out the most was the inclusion of Uni, Mentaiko (spicy marinated Pollock Roe), Abalone(I think that's what it was?), and real crab Kani. My parents loved the Yellowtail so much they ordered a second serving of it. Uni is my favourite item on a sushi menu, and I was thrilled to try the Uni don. The uni don came with rice, but it was also drizzled with this green mixture. I wasn't clear what it was but it seemed to have a little bit of spice to it (I think it was probably something pickled) and it added that little bit of acidity to the dish that made it great. Finally after all our main dishes were done, we ordered 3 cakes: Chocolate Sake cake, Hazelnut cake and the Tofu cheesecake. My sister was a fan of the hazelnut cake, but I was more enticed by the Tofu cheesecake and Sake cake. I did not know what to expect for the Tofu cheesecake, but it offered a light yet still rich texture which melted in your mouth. The flavour for the Sake chocolate cake was much more bolder in flavour than the other two cakes. It was very chocolatey and moist but small hints of Sake in it. Most definitely a cake best eaten with some coffee. I would definitely return in the future with some friends. The quality of food impressed me, and the pricing was fair. Most notably I'd come to eat Chirashi and the Uni-don again, if not to just visit this quirky little cafe.
1_star We loved this place until tonight. The chef/owner screamed at me because I did not like the sauce on my pasta and ordered something else. He had the waiter charge me for both dishes and then came out of the kitchen to scream at me for about 5 minutes. We are disappointed because we have recommended this place to dozens of people and went there about once a week for months. I cannot believe that this happened and I will be sure to tell anyone who will listen to take their business elsewhere.
5_star Great service so far. It's a Sunday around 8:30. We were seated immediately, and the waitress too our drink orders before we even settled into the booth. We ordered wings and the nachos to share. Ultimate nachos are plenty to share. Wings are always flavorful and hot. Oh and they're playing Real Housewives on one tv, Law and Order on one and the Olympics on others. Perfect!
2_star I was really excited to try this place and, after reading the mixed reviews online, had a good idea of what to order. Like so many restaurants on the Little Italy strip, the setting and ambience was great. Service was attentive and friendly. But the food was forgettable. The little house-baked breads were warm and fresh, but bland. I ordered a salad which had way too much cheese on it. I also found it to be over dressed. The lobster dish had a really lovely broth, but was so herby that you could barely taste the lobster meat. All of the little between course soups and spoons were fine, but again, not really worth eating. I noticed a lot of half eaten plates at the tables around us, so maybe it was just an off night or a case of being overhyped, but I think I'll try some where else next time. Note: there is only one vegetarian option on the menu - a mozzarella appetizer
4_star Awsome food, I was eating these pan cakes called hoppers / apams after a long time. We were are large group of 10+ people who were both vegetarian and non-vegetarians and there was a good selection for both. Only one problem is that they have almost non/ limited selection for someone who cannot handle spicy food like my MIL. I enjoyed the food and in fact over ate, I will most definitly visit again when I am in Toronto the next time. My wife loved the Mutton Curry, I enjoyed the Sumbol both the onion and the coconut version. The spice really hit the spot. I did not try the Rooti as I was full with the pancakes itself... i saw few people chowing it down, maybe the next time
3_star Decent food but very slow service. Don't go here if you're concerned about time. We sat for 10 - 15 minutes, then I finally asked when we would be able to order. He apologized and said he was very busy. I thought he was kidding because half the tables were empty. He explained that he does a lot of takeout business and was trying to complete some orders. That's fine, but you shouldn't be sacrificing one set of customers for another. Hire some wait staff, for crying out loud! To his credit, he gave us some extra spring rolls and took a few dollars off of our bill. However, I would have preferred simply getting our lunch in a reasonable amount of time. The food, itself, was hot and tasty. No complaints there.
3_star Cool vibe and a cool place, just a bit overpriced. I guess you get what you pay for.
1_star They want want to card us to get a beer, but they never had card me before. She ask my husband for I.D but not me. Really! The waitress never came to see if we were fine or we need anything after.
2_star This is my first yelp review but felt I had to say something. We were excited to come here for the end of the week happy hour and to get ready for the weekend but were surprised how bland the food was. It was obvious that they did not use fresh ingredients. We ordered a few items that were served within two minutes, which leads us to believe that is pre-made and either sitting under a heat lamp or microwaved for quick delivery. The food came quickly and was really hot for about 45-60 seconds on the surface but cool on the inside. We ordered the stuffed artichokes that were rubbery (squeaked as you chewed), mac and cheese was ok and the tortilla a la espanola had no flavor, not even the "spicy" sauce that comes with it and the last thing you would want is lukewarm eggs and potatoes. Finally, we got the chicken picatta. This was the last one to come out so they probably cooked this one. The sauce and potatoes that comes with it were good. Chicken was ok, basically a pounded out chicken breast. Maybe they don't make their food for happy hour and just reuse leftovers. The food was bland, nothing like real tapas or true Barcelona flavor. The service was ok, nothing horrible but nothing great - didn't feel really welcomed but not neglected either. After reading the reviews I was expecting something great and was completely disappointed. I will not be gong back and would not recommend this restaurant.
4_star Delicious! Went there for the first time and had the BiG Dixie Chicken Sandwich. Prepared with great style. Had the pleasure of finishing my friends pork and blueberry chutney taco.......I've never been a fan of meats n sweets, but they may have made me a believer. Again delicious. I'm going back. You're Welcome!
4_star Food: 5/5 Atmosphere: 3/5 Service: 4.5/5 Food: Not many options on the menu, but I love it! Four choices of noodles and a variety of appetizers to share. You choose the soup base and you get six different options of noodles: round or flat and each comes in thin, regular or large . Braised beef noodle: with regular round noodles - that's my go to. I find the thicker noodles don't soak in the broth as much. I always add in a good amount of the chilli oil that they have readily available at the table. If you can take spicy, I highly recommend it. The beef is always tender as well. Atmosphere: Small place with very few tables. The restaurant probably seats 18 total? It's not a place where you can sit and chat for awhile with your company, having said that, it means the turnover rate is pretty quick. During peak times, there's almost always a wait... outside. So not great when it's cold out, but so worth it. Sometimes, people wait inside too, which can feel slightly crowded, especially if there's someone unintentionally hovering over you while you eat. Service: Quick and simple service. Can't complain.
2_star My son and I tried to have lunch at Soul Cafe recently on a quiet Thursday in August. I had been here previously with friends and the food was good, so I returned albeit somewhat releuctantly. The reason I was unsure of trying Soul Cafe again is because the service was so poor on two prior occassions. The third time was worse than the previous two. My son and I left before we could order - we waited 15 minutes without menus, water or even a greeting after we were shown to our table. The restaurant was perhaps 1/3 full. I approached the hostess and she returned my request for menus, service, with a blank stare. I approached the waitress who was just standing near the hostess stand and she responded with a facial expression that in words I would not type. There are so many good and friendly atmosphere restaurants in Scottsdale - try them, and avoid this unless you want to be ignored.
3_star I have to say that I have been impressed with the freshness of the breakfast food and the tasty coffee. Their bacon is perfectly cooked, the toast and homemade jellies are awesome. But, something keeps me from becoming a regular. Maybe it's the prices? A little high for the type of place. Part of the problem is the decor. I don't understand the theme. Industrial bare concrete floor, matched with fake brick half walls, and patio furniture. Huh?
2_star 2.5 is what I'm trying to give here. So after seeing some of the reviews (at 24 reviews) they seemed like a decent place to try out. I felt that I should give them a try. After coming back from Japan, all ramen places have just been.. blah. This one, ramen wise, I wasn't impressed. There were 3 of us. Here's what we ordered: -Yamisou tempura (a root vegetable that's on the specials menu) -Pork belly (small) -Soft bone pork (small) -the original ramen shiso -tonkatsu -katsu donburi with black curry The Yamisou tempura was well fried, lightly tempura battered, and fresh. It had a good crunch and we were given a choice to dip it in wasabi salt or tempura sauce. Either/or tasted good=) The pork belly came with 4 pieces in the small order. Absolutely terrific in texture and flavour. It had a lot of fresh scallions on top and the fatty part was melt in your mouth, so we all rather enjoyed it. The Pork soft bone came with 4 pieces as well in the small order. It was nice. Chewy and wasn't too dried. It had fresh scallions and sesame seeds on top. The only thing was, it tasted (flavour wise) exactly like pork belly. So it became a little boring. On to the ramen and rice... My mum had ordered the original ramen with shiso soup. She said it was too salty and apart from the salty, there wasn't much flavour at all. She said her noodles themselves were not the best she's had and they were too soft in texture. I had ordered the tonkatsu ramen. I found that my soup base, was a tiny bit oily compared to what I'm used to. There wasn't much flavour at all. It was a really large portion, with 3 large pieces of pork. The pork edges were nicely flavoured, but once again seem to taste like the pork belly and soft bone. Some parts of the pork did have a that stinky pig smell/taste to it. The noodle itself, although not yet soggy, it wasn't chewy/crunchy at all. The noodles also didn't have that ramen tenacity. I'm not sure if it was because it was over cooked. We were there around 2pm. My bf ordered the black curry. The name is a little misleading, because there was no actual curry. The sauces was a really dark sticky, sweet, spicy sauce. It was thicker than terriyaki sauce and it tasted like sweet black vinegar. If you're Chinese and you've had the pork leg and egg vinegar soup thing that women have after they give birth, it has that similar taste. The katsu was crispy and well fried. I personally didn't mind the sauce, but my bf found it too sweet. Atmospher wise... The restaurant is like your local noodle shop, it's nothing fancy and they purposely have "customer" comments/writings on the plastic wall. It's cute and comfy. The business cards are a smart design that holds your chopsticks. The Service and the operations : I believe it's a family owned business. It seems the mom and dad works in the back, while the daughter was serving. We were there on a Sunday afternoon. They do open from 11-3 and then break in between before reopening at 6 for dinner. I'm not sure if the dinner menu is different. The mum was quick to service us when we arrived. We took our own seats as there wasn't anyone around. She came right over to give us menus. I believe the daughter was in the washroom at the time. Overall service was quick and informative. They made sure to advise us that that black curry wasn't going to need 15 mins prep, and asked if that was ok. They ensure the tea was always filled although there were only 2 tables including ours that day. They did seem attentive to each table's needs. Overall: I found that the snacks were better than the noodles. I would go back for the pork belly, to try the ox tongue, and maybe to try the dessert (since we were too full) but definitely not the ramen. The portions seem good for the value. Would I recommend it? Definitely to try the pork belly, other wise, not really.
1_star Great food horrible service! Walked in gave my name and waited 45 minutes while other people that walked in were seated. When I asked the hosted she stated that she took us off the list because she thought we left. I was standing 8 feet away the entire time. She never apologized and just walked away. A few minutes later she gives the worst table in the place and we had to wait another 20 minutes for are waiter to even stop and acknowledge us. My wife asked for bread for her soup. Never received it. Told the waiter and he gave us some bread as we were leaving. Like I said good food but if you want to get treated like crap it's the place for you.
2_star My chicken sandwich was sloppy looking and the place needed the floors cleaned and touchscreen soda dispensers were very dirty. The only thing that saved this experience was the chili bowl that I recommend. Just take drive through.
5_star Best sushi mexican combo in town. If you like a good stmosphere and great food check Sumo Maya out.
4_star I've been to Babbo's several times since it is so close to my house. My two favorites are the Pasta Martini and the Gorgonzola Salad. The bread is excellent, and I've had no issues with the wine, so maybe I've been lucky? I've also had their pizza, I can't recall which one, but it was excellent with peppers and goat cheese. The ambiance is great as well, and prices are very reasonable. The reason I'm not giving it 5 stars is because the service has been sketchy at times. But, it isn't so bad that we won't return. Overall, a good place.
4_star very good food, the person that said the place was just plain disgusting must be the competition. They have "prime rib" on the buffet, now i'm not sure if this is actually prime rib but if it is its the toughest piece of meat i've ever had, that is my only compliant...everything else is wonderful and a huge selection, one thing I would suggest is making sure the labels above the food match what is in the tray Watch out in the winter time the snowbirds flock to this place and you will usually have a wait at least on friday's and saturday's
3_star I am normally a big fan of this chain....HOWEVER. A friend and myself went into this location last weekend. I was surprised how empty it was. I was also surprised at the new mini LCD screens they have on each table. A neat thing to have since it can show you menu items, play games and pay your tab on it. What irked me a little was getting the bill and seeing an entertainment charge had applied. I was told there is a warning about that on the start up screen but i dont recall having seen it. The fee is only a buck so its not worth crapping kittens over....its just the principal. Anyone that brings kids in there can automatically expect to see an extra dollar on the bill...good hustle Chili's. I normally love their southwest eggrolls. This time....ehhh...not so much. They seemed less than crispy and lacked the flavor i remember. Otherwise the rest of the food was good, hard to screw up a house salad, and the service friendly. Will i go back?-maybe. Will i go out of my way for it?-NO
1_star One star is way to generous for this place ...horrible horrible horrible. From service to their food. 3 dollar tacos not even meat but pure grease...don't waste your time or money here. ... but that's my opinion
3_star If I can be honest - I was left totally disappointed yesterday. The hours online said open at noon, the window at the shop stated the same. Two coworkers and myself traveled 8.5 miles from nearby Lakewood, specifically for a tasty Bogtrotters sandwich, only to be denied at the glass like Andre Igoudala vs LeBron 12 months ago in game 7. We arrived punctually at 12:02 PM EST, 2 minutes after the shop "opens". When we arrived the door was locked and the shop was darker than the soul of Mitch McConnell. We opted to give the benefit of the doubt and wait 10 minutes. We thought we were in luck when the lights flicked on and a trendy young bearded fellow strolled into make our dreams come true - only to be shit on again like a pigeon in NYC. We knocked on the glass multiple times and the man saw us but would not acknowledge and quickly vanished into the depths of the kitchen where tasty meat morsels are created for taste bud pleasure (just not ours on 6/22/17). We ended up at Ohio city burrito and over to Mitchell's for a scoop - not the worst audible but not what we drove on our short lunch break for. These are some of the best sandwiches in town, but on this day we were left high n dry with no rope or water for rescue.
3_star I really wanted to like this place. The Fox group does a great job of creating a great dining experience with the theme, decor and menus at their restaurants. However, the sliders and ice cream sandwiches at Modern Burger were not winners. The fries were fantastic, the service was great and I really like the idea. Maybe the food is better at Modern Steak? I hope so!
5_star One of my two favorite Mexican places in the Chandler/Gilbert area. El Palacio in Gilbert and this are the two I go to most. I argue with myself over which I like more, each time I visit one of them.. Si Senor's has awesome green chili! To be honest, I haven't tried too many of their other items. I had their green chili there my first time a few years back, and when I stop in again I crave it so bad that I just end up ordering it again. I kind of alternate between their spicy green chili and their mild green. My dad likes their red too, I'm just not a fan of red in general. Sometimes their green mild is pretty hot, and sometimes their spicy green is so hot I have tears and snot running down my face (if you like heat, you know this is a good thing). Although when it is that bad, I usually cry all the way home and promise to never get the spicy again. Then a visit or two later I forget and order it again. Salsas/bean dip/chips are always great. You get a round of sopapillas with honey free at the end of every meal. Love the food and I always have leftovers for later. The one thing I don't like is it is always very crowded and with a busy place comes noise. Clearly many people also know how good it is, so if you don't get there early it can get loud and the seating is a little too close for my taste in general (but nothing obtrusive). But when it is less busy and you can sit back and enjoy and eat your green chili and cry spicy tears it is about as good as it gets.
4_star An article was released about this place. So my adventure begins. The place is a hole in the wall and very clean. The atmosphere is very friendly but parking is not great. The service is great and food I enjoyed so much. The chef Omar was kind enough to explain some of the dishes. Great place to eat good food.
4_star Food was very good, service right behind that. The only issue was the noise level we could not hear ourselves think, even at our small table of three. It was partially the large group that sat next to us after we had been there for 30 minutes.
4_star Delicious pizza, slower service. Went to Greenbush for the first time, on a Tuesday night. We got there around 6:15 and the place was pretty empty. It filled up by 7:00 though, with a mostly older crowd. Ordered a small, thin crust pizza and kept it pretty simple, adding only fresh basil. If you're into "the works" on your pizza, be wary, as you pay a hefty amount for each additional topping. Luckily, a basic pizza is all you need. The crust is absolutely delicious-- oil-based, and crisp. The traditional pizza sauce is flavorful, and the addition of fresh basil (julienne) was great. Another in our party ordered the Sicilian Salad, and said it was fresh and flavorful. A good sized salad for the $8.50 price tag. It took about an hour to get our food, but I think it was worth the wait. I have to wonder what Greenbush is like on the weekend, but I'll probably stick to weeknights! Oh, and as everyone else said, low ceilings! The decor is nothing fancy, but I appreciated that it wasn't cheesy, stereotypical Italian restaurant decor. No fake plants! Also, we were seated right in front of the air conditioner and it got a little chilly!
1_star I wanted to like this place. Sad to say, I did not. My dining companion has ordered before I arrived and had the chicken pot pie, but hers looked quite pale. I ordered mine, specifically asking that they brown it more. It arrived at the table still very light colored. There was plenty of white meat chicken, but the veg in the pie was nothing more than I could have gotten out of a bag of frozen mixed. Very little sauce and quite dry. The peach pie had a very underdone crust and one could see the raw dough on the top crust. I won't be back, unfortunately
2_star I had been here once before and the food was pretty good and I love all the beers but the music was WAY too loud - couldn't hear my friends talk. I went there last night before a comedy show and there were many empty tables but after an hour of waiting I got just 1 beer and had to run down to 5 guys and scarf down a burger. So food and beers are good but service isn't.
4_star Taco Tonto's is a fun place in a fun part of Kent. Good food, fast service, excellent prices. Mmmmm...
5_star Had lunch here for the second time recently and it was as delicious as the first. The quiche was good, but the Black Forest salad was the star with the ginger snap dressing. My wife had a good roast beef and cheddar melt with perfectly crispy sweet potato fries. We will definitely be back for dinner soon.
4_star Loved the fresh lemonade ! The cornbread with apple butter and baby backs are my dads favorite . Once a month outing for us makes him very happy. Good service every time.
3_star Good sports bar atmosphere....go there for beer 'n' Badgers, but not the food. The nachos were the worst I've ever had--seriously. And what was that other horrendous concoction? Oh yes. PIZZA QUESADILLAS. if it had been up to me, I wouldn't have ordered it, because...C'MON, MAN! Pizza. Quesadillas. Two words that have no business being next to each other. And as expected...Really. Truly. Disgusting. But the Hopalicious was A-okay.
4_star This's not my first time here, the sushi is great but you need to overlook the waiter he's totally rude. He wouldn't let me finish what I need to order, he drove me crazy. The sushi and the price is good.
3_star Although there seem to be quite a crowd, and a lot of people eating sushi, I saw very few eating steak. My guest had sushi and I ordered the steak medium rare. Both of our meals were above average in quality and presentation. Our only complaint would be in the cleanliness on the outside as well as the inside. The outside dining had a lot to be changed as far as Quality dining. The outside had a lot of trash and cigarette butts all over the ground. The inside was not very clean as far as the window seals and the tables. When we went to sit down our table had sauce and other leftover food along the edges and underneath.
5_star YEA! Yelp to the rescue again... Looking for a new Italian place and Yelp sent us to Zizi's... and it was delicious! In a party of 8, every single one of us had a great meal. Service was great, decor is beautiful, wine selection decent, and although their deserts did seem to be bought, I can highly recommend the limoncello truffle! Thanks Yelpers!
2_star Scum City around here. Burrito had a bunch of grisly food in it and seemed overpriced. Area is disgusting and people smoking on every corner, begging for money, etc.
1_star The worst service ever! Just one degree below the food- which was horrible. The wait staff is untrained & the food is cafeteria quality.
4_star I'm gonna sound crazy here but I enjoyed chronic Taco more than this. I feel like the food was better and the service was much better.
5_star Friendly service and A-mazing pizza! Ingredients fresh and bursting with flavor. We tried the Capricciosa pizza and was very happy with out choice. Authentic Italian flavors in Peoria. Highly recommend coming in for lunch or dinner. Perfect date night location.
5_star Everything that I have eaten here is seriously amazing. I've ordered through postmates about 7 times now. Ah maz ing! Yummy Just ordered again today. There lentil soup is so yummy! So happy this place is so close to my work. I couldnt live without
4_star Nice place.. Get a reservation before coming... Veggie skillet was good. Must try banana muffin...
3_star Went to Koi on Monday after a debate between Koi and Nobu and since we've never been to Koi before, it won. Food was fine, the usual american Japanese fusion fare. Unfortunately nothing particularly stuck out for me. It wasn't cheap but it wasn't quite as expensive as Nobu. Yeah I think I'm writing this review because I'm quite bitter that we didn't end up going to Nobu. The bouncer tried to get us to stay after for the lounge/club but the crowd didn't look that fun and they tried to charge us $20 for open bar. I assume it's a good deal but we weren't used to paying for cover for anything in Vegas and headed over to Marquee instead. Probably won't be back...
3_star The terrasse is great. A must for meat lovers. Don't try anything other than steaks, burgers and prime rib because it seems like the other options are only there to complement the menu. Just a stone's throw away from the Atwater market and the canal, Magnan is a nice place for a good old fashioned steak, fries and alcohol. The service is courteous and efficient for a tavern.
5_star This place has some amazing pizza. I'm someone who can't eat pizza at regular chain restaurants (ex. BJ's, italian restaurants, etc.) or delivery places (ex. Pizza hut, dominos, papa johns, etc.) because they produce such a poor quality pizza. Here they make all their pizza wood fired and having been to Italy before, this place tastes just like pizza you could find in Italy. Definitely recommend this place if you're craving Pizza and its in a really nice area as well.
3_star Came with a party of 5. Very cozy seating area. The server was super attentive and helpful, and they stock Angry Orchard which we love. The fries weren't done all the way. I could swear they are either Walmart Great Value brand frozen fries or taste just like them. We got a specialty pizza, and I'd call it a step above Papa Johns. I kind of think that for $25 a pizza should be amazing, and it was just good... but overall it was a good experience.
2_star With so many Mexican restaurants in this area, how can Macayo's stay in business? This was our first time here and only because Babbo's had a 30 minute wait. Instead of waiting, the 4 of us tried Macayo's. Flavorless salsa to begin with. My chicken fajita was undersized, not sizzling and so bland. Certainly not worth $14! Others had carnitas (overcooked), combo meals and nachos and all were underwhelming. The service was fine but we won't be coming back.
1_star 'Forget about it' - I had a really disappointing experience here. Came here not too long ago and tried their 25$ set menu three course dinner special. Three friends and I ordered the salmon with mashed potatoes. It came with soup and a tiramisu - you pretty much can't go wrong salmon and mashed potatoes but they did ! To start the soup came with a decent portion but tasted more so diluted than I would have liked. The salmon with mashed potatoes however was really weird - the presentation was super sloppy, basically just slapping everything together onto the plate and hoping that will do. The salmon was bland, the 'house sauce' was too sour but the mashed potatoes was extremely off.... I think they mixed in parsley and a few different types of herbs into it. The portion of the salmon was not consistent as well. Two of my friends got extremely large pieces but another friend and I got barely anything in which I felt really cheated on. Also nothing on that dish complimented each other, it was literally just slapped together or to fill the plate.... We were in a rush to head out and I didn't review the bill thoroughly enough but when the bill came it included 15% worth of tips already but I wasn't informed and gave double the tips. I mean the service was decent and attentive but really no amount of "good service" can make up for the horrible quality of food.
5_star SingSing!!! What a blast! One of my favorite places to jam on Earth!! Cool bar, cool town, cool people... What else do you need!! The piano players are great, funny, semi-good lookin'... I mean dude, you gotta go!!! :) Love me some SingSing!
3_star Good food for lunch, but I would not eat dinner here. I like the almond chicken, the cashew chicken and broccoli beef. Avoid the white rice. It is not as good for you as the brown, and Pei Wei tends to leave it in the pot too long after it is cooked. Which means my white rice was mushy and crunky at the same time. Bleagh! Fast service from the time of order to the plate-slam on the table. Get in, get full, get out. This place is about 6 blocks north of the 7th Ave. exit from I-10, so it is possibly a rest stop for the through traveler going somewhere else.
3_star The ambiance at this location is one of the best in the GTA Joey chains. The reason I didn't give it more stars is because there seems to be more emphasis on the environment then on the food. The food isn't bad, I just think that they could try a little less to be everything to everyone and a little more focused on their offerings. Having said that it's a great chain
4_star Look, I'm not an expert, but I can say for sure that this is the best burger I've had in Pittsburgh to date. The ordering and service model is similar to Burgatory, but the actual product runs laps around it. The burgers are mouth-wateringly flavorful and endlessly customizable. The shakes are definitely a 'meh' and are what holds this back from a 5/5 for me. Not to keep invoking B-tory, but their shakes are way better. The beer and TVs here also make this a great gameday joint. Would highly recommend!
2_star No wait but it takes forever to get your food. Food is average, I ordered pancakes. Servers were nice but not attentive.
1_star This place seriously needs to get its crap together! This is the second time that we have waited for over an hour for our sandwiches. Jimmy John's is directly across the street from my place of business. The tardiness is unacceptable. Please get new management. Or please get some delivery drivers that can make trips over to our office. I am seriously considering telling everyone I know here to not order from this place at all costs
4_star I've decided not to give away five stars so easily but this place could have got the extra point yesterday. The service was fantastic. I was craving sushi at 22:10 on a Monday and with about 20 minutes until close they decided to serve us. And serve us some awesome spicy salmon and spicy tuna they did. The vibe is very authentic and there is a lot put into the details of presentation.
1_star Came here on opening weekend and have been back several times and customer service still has not improved. Although Strike City or Park Lanes is more expensive I believe the experience as a whole is better.
5_star I read yelp reviews a lot but this is the first time I've felt the need to write one. Had the fried mozzarella and a chicken stromboli. Both were some of the best I've had. Fresh tasting, not greasy. Extensive menu and attentive service. Above all, great food
4_star I love the food! Especially the whole fried chicken wings! Our server, Cee Cee was amazing! I ordered late but she made sure that my food came out the same time as my friends'! She was also very bubbly and very patient while waiting for me to make an order cuz there was a lot to choose from!;-) Amazing place and service!;-)
3_star Went here completely spontaneously on a Saturday night. Place was dead, maybe one other table. No matter, sticky ribs were fall off the bone tender, not too sticky or saucy. And prices were totally in line. It was agood joint, but not as great as all the reviews.
4_star Beef Brisket Curry w/ Roti--- simply delicious, though I've had better roti in a hole-in-wall resto in scarborough, it's still really good and the curry is perfect for me. Not too spicy, just enough coconut milk, nice and creamy. They also do party trays, as they catered our wedding rehearsal dinner. Cheap and delicious.
4_star Ate the Jerk chicken for lunch. Good food at a great price. The beef patty appetizer was awesome.
5_star Wonderful made from scratch Italian food. The pizza is awesome , the fresh bread to die for. Ask them to adjust an item if you have an allergy , or for any reason. No Problem ! Full bar with all the goodies, and a good wine selection.
5_star Been here 3 times this month. The chicken shwarma plate and gyro plate are excellent. The prices are great, portions are huge and i can never finish it all. Service is good. Highly recommend!
1_star Went to the drive thru to get some food. Apparently the manager thought it was a brilliant idea to take an unusually large order through the drive thru and inconvenience the rest of us that were waiting in the neighborhood of 15 plus minutes in line behind this genius or geniuses that placed said order in the drive thru!! This was totally ridiculous and they had a delivery at the same time so there was a semi blocking the parking lot as well!! WTH I finally backed out of the drive thru and left in disappointment!! You geniuses have lost my business for good! I'll never come back and will tell everyone i know to go elsewhere as well!! That was the dumbest most inconsiderate experience I've ever had in my life!! Its a drive thru to expedite service not hinder it!! You should be ashamed of yourselves!! Never again will you treat me badly! I hope you close your doors!! Btw time was 9:20pm on sat 4-19-14 TERRIBLE SERVICE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
2_star Based on positive reviews here, we went to Coco in early evening on Saturday for dinner before going to a concert. The restaurant is attractive enough, the decor is pleasant. The menu is really such a disappointment: in the first place, it appears to be just photocopies in plastic sleeves... kind of cheap, but not unseen if the menu changes frequently. I don't think that that is the case here... the hors d'ouevres consist of calamari, caesar salad, bruschetta, caprese... very standard stuff, very unimaginitive. We tried the caesar salad and the bruschetta. Nothing special at all. I think that the greens for the salad came from a bag. Croutons too, it tasted like. In fact, the menu was so uninspired that we left in order to see if we could do better for our dinner.
3_star Ate here in the middle of the night at 3am. Ordered steak and eggs, and calamari. The steak and eggs were ok, but the calamari was extremely oily and overcooked. The food isn't all that and its overpriced, but the server was awesome. Two stars for the food, Four stars for the server.
3_star Good for nearby Thai. Can't compare to Thai Taste (the original one on East is by far the best!). The steamed basil rolls are delicious and the chicken in red curry sauce suffices. The service is good, prices are a bit high.
4_star Great patio with people watching on the strip. Love the sampler platter and the lobster enchiladas. The service is usually pretty good but in the summer make sure you are under an umbrella.
3_star Pretty good. Not as amazing as I expected because the flavor was there on some things but overall hit and miss. When there was flavor it was AMAZING. Definitely worth trying not so sure it was worth the price but I will probably come back and see if it's better next time.
2_star The first time we tried this place, it was Saturday night and a 90 minute wait. Declining to wait, we returned on a Wednesday night and sat outside, which was pleasant enough. We were really looking forward to this based on Yelp reviews, but were all disappointed. The tomato sauce had a very strong sage/thyme/oregano flavor that overrode the meager toppings. The cheese was definitively not Italian - cheddar/mozzarella mix with very little flavor. We also ordered the "Favorite Oregano Salad" which was another disappointment as the raisins overwhelmed the subtleness of the feta and kalamata olives. We will not be back. Can someone please tell me where to get a good Italian pizza in Scottsdale?
4_star This was my first time at Wow! Sushi on a Saturday evening. It is a small quaint restaurant and we were greeted by the staff as soon as we walked in. We ordered sea urchin (uni) sushi, japango roll, louis roll, and wow roll. I was amazed by the sea urchin roll and louis roll, the other two were okay. I was impressed by the freshness of the fish as well as the excellent service we received. I will definitely be returning!
3_star This was my first visit to The Groves. Went on Saturday night date and as an added bonus a band was playing (which were really good). It was packed when we arrived around 7:30 pm, and we were quickly seated at one of the last booths available. Upon arriving at our booth I noticed that almost the entire seat cushion on both sides of our table was covered in duct tape. That kinda turned me off. This in turn made the seat uncomfortable. The waitress immediately came to our table and took our drink order, that followed by asking if we were ready to order, we were not, and so she came back a few minutes later. We ordered The Caribou Special (Bacon, turkey, cheddar cheese and tomato served on grilled sourdough) with Sweet Potato Fries and a Cheeseburger with regular fries. The food came out in a timely manner, hot and the taste was good. I would go back to the Groves, but I do think the booth seats need a little TLC, please......
2_star I have been going to this place frequently for the last 1 and half years and the food was great until recently. The last few times I ordered take out food and I always find the curries highly diluted with water, samosas fried in old oil and their signature biriyani not flavorful at all. The last time I ordered take out food from there, I even found a piece of meat in my veggie curry!! Like others have mentioned, the service is poor, the place is highly understaffed and not so friendly staff either. The place used to be known for its flavorful, cheap food but sadly the quality has degraded over the last few months...
4_star Had an incredibly tasty salad here the other day. It was a daily special -- coconut shrimp, mango, raspberries, etc. Fab food, super setting. Very nice lunch for the ladies! Also, beautifully refreshing iced tea. I'll be back!
3_star I ordered some more take out last week (UGH midterms). I was not pleased with the guy on the phone. I called for the late night special and asked for a Chicken fried rice, medium hot and sour soup and a fried calamari. He wanted to charge me 34$ for it! I asked him to repeat the individual prices back to me and asked why I didn't get the late night special. He told me to hold on and changed my new total to 24$ after tax. WTF. They never used to bullshit prices. (Then again, they also used to give out the late-night menu.) The only reason why I'm a repeat customer (for the past 3 years) is because of how fast and how late they deliver. Mediocre food at best but great for a desperate and stressed college student. Take precaution and do the math!! (Edit: I forgot. Portions have also decreased dramatically. If you look at my delivery food photos you can see holes where food should have been. They used to pack everything in. Not anymore apparently....)
1_star Probably the worst service I've ever had at any restaurant. They are clueless. I like the food. I've been to many bw's. We won't be going back to this location ever again.
2_star Fresh is good. Selection is good. But, standing in line behind a bunch of people who are taking their time to consider all of the possible combinations of vegetables to be cooked for them was incredibly annoying. Might go back for a regular sit-down lunch but do not like this routine at all.
2_star The food was good BUT the service was terrible. There was no spoon for my coffee; they ran out of spoons they said. The waitresses aren't too friendly either. They were busy with their cell; texting and I had to wait a while for my coffee to be refilled. I was pretty much ignored for most of the lunch. Won't go again due to poor services. Also my home fries were burnt/dry. Other than that..the egg Benedict was good.
5_star One of the best breakfast places in Phoenix. Arrived for a late Thursday morning breakfast (11am) and only had to wait 5-10 minutes. Server was friendly and I had the chorizo scramble special. It was great! Very tasty and flavorful. I am one of the pickiest breakfast eaters (i.e. I don't really consider US Egg & Denny's breakfast places). I expect my eggs and all the ingredients to be fresh, and that was certainly the case at Matt's!! This is one of my two favorite breakfast places in the valley (for different reasons, I consider Matt's and the Orange Table to be complimentary).
2_star You never know with this place. Today it was, "We're out of that right now." I mean, they only have two type of house coffee and one is out. The pumpkin chocolate chip cake was oily, yeah, oily and with the light coffee I settled for, it was all half and half nutmeg taste in my mouth. Oh and its also one of those places, people with no wi-fi sit around at ;)
5_star Went there for lunch with a co-worker and ordered the fish/shrimp combo with chips. The food and service was excellent! Will go back there again for sure!
1_star I should start by saying that Cheesecake Factory used to be my favorite restaurant ever. And this particular Cheesecake Factory used to be on point. But it's been off for a while. I keep giving them chance after chance to get back to how they used to be but every time it's a major disappointment . I got one of my go-to dishes tonight--crusted chicken Romano. It was mushy and totally flavorless. I used to be happy to pay the price they ask because the food was always delicious. But as of tonight, I'm done with the Cheesecake Factory. I should also note that my disappointment is so profound that I signed up for yelp for the specific purpose of giving this poor review. Cheesecake Factory lovers: be wary!
4_star Just found this place this weekend. I was SO happy to find a fry bread place in the north west valley. The place is clean, the prices were reasonable and the girl working the counter was very nice. I am going to be eating here again :) I had the vegetarian and my husband had the crane asada - both were fresh and fast. :)
1_star If you want bland food served on dirty dishes then this place is for you! The only positive thing about this place was the waitresses were very nice and friendly. Seriously even the tablecloths were blotchy and stained.
4_star Cheap, loud, fun. Four people can eat for $60. All day breakfast! Heuvos rancheros is great. Known for the nachos and punk crowd. Not for kids, but if you go during the day it's quieter and my daughter gets to write on the table so loves it! Cheap beer, so what else do you want!?
4_star We lucked out and found this spot while antique shopping. Extremely cozy. It wasn't too crowded at 1:30. It's just open until 3pm on Saturdays. I had the vegetarian wrap with sweet potato fries and the desert pear lemonade. All excellent. The fries weren't seasoned but crunchy and delicious. I'm definitely returning for French toast and other yummy items!
1_star Am I crazy? Or are all of you? These rotis taste like a bunch of chicken bouillon cubes and water with some meat swimming in it. The skin/shell wasn't even that tender, chewy, or tasty. Granted I'm partial to east Indian rotis but this place is near where I live so I had to see what the fuss was all about. Sincerely disappointed, it's just curry powder and chicken base, salty and boring in my opinion. Sorry! Won't be back, I'll stick with the pinnacle of all rotis (Mother India/Gandhi Roti).
5_star We came looking for a casual late dinner option for our first night in Montréal and we were not disappointed. We were offered and took a seat at the bar. There was a short 10 minute wait at 9pm (we should have called for a reservation prior to coming). The main barman, an elderly gentlemen, took care of us. He gave us amazing recommendations for wine and food. We got the foie gras, duck confit and Toulouse Maison (house sausages); all of these were excellent. It was a great dining experience!
2_star Went back for dinner on April 24, 2017 and the food was excellent as always but service has gone way down hill. Staff seemed rushed and were not cordial with guests.
4_star Love this place. Sure it was way out of town for me. Sure I can't figure out a way to get there with public transit from Toronto... BUT it's worth the trip, however you get there. To be honest, before we went there I thought it was just going to be danishes, which was actually exciting in and of itself, BUT it had a variety of other Danish baked goods (like marzipan cookies, and kransekake ) as well as vegan chocolate bars, chocolate soft serve, cookies, brownies and biscotti. And little grocery type items like fake tuna and non-dairy cheese. The woman that runs the bakery is so sweet and friendly, I felt like I could talk to her all day about food and not get tired of it. Another great part about this place is that it's inside of a costume shop. Can't go wrong with that.
1_star Brand new place. How can they have reviews before Chrismas? The food was fresh, but the service ... what service? They don't know what they are doing! Glad to have a place with the O-K Kosher symbol. For a visitor like me, I appreciate a "pita joint' with international kosher symbol and reputation, instead of just one rabbi. I plan to review it in the future!
5_star This place is really yummy! Prices are high but they donate. I'm willing to pay a little extra to a company who is giving back! Will definitely keep coming back here!
5_star Excellent service and experience all around. Sometimes you can tell the quality of a restaurant by how they handle the simplist things. Their prime rib sandwich with au jus dip was perfect and tender. Highly recommend
4_star Stopped here on a sunday morning with the family. Nice small traditional diner. All the food was very good, nothing fancy just basic omelettes and pancakes. The service was great. Im sure to be back.
4_star ????????????????????????????????????????????? ???????????????????????????????????????????????? ??????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????? ??????????????????????????????????????? ??????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????? ??????????????????????????????????????????? ???????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????? ???????????????????????????????????????????? ??????????????????????????
3_star Greasy, fresh, should make you feel better " buzzed food" to absorb all the alcohol. Similar to Federico's, filibertos, Ramiro's, Etc.... Fast and friendly and pretty decent.
2_star Arrived and only one women there taking orders, cooking the omelets, and operating the register. Obviously from my omelet its more than a one person job. My omelet obviously stayed in the pan to long because the outside was overcooked and crusty. Ate some of the middle and threw the rest away. Not going back.
1_star We order 2 plates chilly chicken, but it is so hard to find chicken in it. They cooked it with 75% of onions, capsicum and 25% of chicken. They should change dish name, it should be "chilly capsicum" instead of "chilly chicken". Worst dish!!! Don't ever order chilly chicken here.
3_star I am one not to write reviews but since I have plenty of time on my hands waiting here I decided why not. Well if you plan on coming here on New Year's Eve for dinner expect to wait 2 hours !!! We were initially told 1 hour and 20 mins so we decided to accept it, but it has now been 2 hours and we still haven't been seated. I just don't want others to get the wrong impression I don't appreciate when restaurants tell you a certain time but then it extends way over. Once you have invested an hour and 20 mins you just keep waiting I sure hope the steaks are good. So once again expect the minimum of 2 hours
4_star This is my favorite Chinese restaurant in town now. Very authentic Chinese food. Way better than Golden Harbor which is getting horrible now. Their live fish dishes are well prepared, fresh, and very much worth the money. It'd be great if the owners can remodel the restaurant, which used to be a bar.
3_star My wife and I came in for a late dinner after a show. We didn't know there would be a girl screaming while riding the mechanical bull they have! Oh my goodness! Of course we had already ordered our food. We enjoyed the spinach and artichoke dip. but the place was a little too crazy for our taste even though everyone seemed like they were having a great time.
4_star Came here because of the yelp reviews and really enjoyed our meal. We did the taco combos and had way too much food. The carnitas were really flavorful. Not much ambience but the tasty food more than made up for that!
2_star I love chipotle but I was astonished by the lack of customer service here. The staff spent more time in the back goofing off than meeting up with the demand of products. I asked for all fajitas and nothing else and the girl gives me one scoop and tries to complete my order so they don't have to make more. It's been 10 minutes and I'm still waiting for my fajitas as the rest of my bowl is getting cold because they didn't want to wait to complete the order.
2_star Overall a terrible experience - we didn't even stay to eat. I gave it 2 stars because the view is great. I made a reservation for 8 & when we got there we were told it would be a short wait. Almost an hour later we still weren't seated. The hostess apologized but didn't really seem to care. Once we were finally seated the waiter told us some of the menu items we wanted were unavailable. At that point we left and had an amazing dinner at Altius instead.
3_star This place is absolutely a must for the experience. From a medical professional view, seeing the client in gown and nurses serving is just hilarious. I can say that the service was excellent as well. Drinking from an IV line was an experience. The only dowfall of this place is once you try it, you know you won't go back. The food isn't quite the best. I know its a fast food place, but the meat has no flavor to it and the fries tasted like they were cooked hours ago and reheated. I'm giving 9/10 for the experience but only a 2/10 the food.
3_star Went to this place for dinner and decor and ambiance was really cool - a little dark in there but I liked it. When ordering the drink, after ordering a bottle of wine the waiter walked off - we thought he was checking the wine availability but he never came back. So I called him over and finished ordering drinks - weird!!!! He probably assumed that all we wanted was a bottle of wine - but he really should not have assumed and asked if there was anything else we wanted. We were given some fresh nan bread with dips, complementary - which was moist, hot and buttery - prob the best nan I've had. I ordered grilled prawns and my husband ordered the seabass - both were lovely. Hot, moist, delicate flavours and melted in your mouth. Had to order sides as extra. Got the spaghetti squash and crushed potatoes with garlic and rosemary - which was basically mash - but both were so so yum! I couldn't stop eating. Food was good on the whole. Have rated it down because of the terrible service and the over pricing. Waiter poured a very small amount of wine into my glass and then hid the rest of the wine bottle somewhere. They took so long in filling up my glass each time that by the time we had finished our meal, there was still half a bottle left. By then we were tired and wanted to go back to our hotel we just left it. Found it all a bit annoying.
2_star We often enjoy great sushi at kaya but today their lady manager is as cold as their raw fish.
2_star whenever I write a 'less than stellar' review, I always wait a few days. I just like to take all emotion out of the review. I have waited almost 2 weeks to write this - mainly because this Papa Murphy is less than a mile from my house and I always root for the local businesses in my neighborhood. Here goes: I have been to this location enough to fill up a punch card (12th visit gets you 50% off your next order)... So I thought - AWESOME! On Halloween, I don't want to cook and we are having people over before going downtown for the Las Vegas Parade. I bring a friend (who has never been to Papa Murphy's). I have talked up the place to her and convinced her that pizza would be better than Mediterranean food for the occasion. We walk in, there are 3 others in the shop, two are waiting for their pizzas and 1 is paying. We walk up to the registers, pick a couple of salads and grab a menu. We we not greeted, but, you know, people get busy - and we are gabbing away anyways. Well.... after standing next to the workers 'building' the pizzas and a few feet from the left register for 5 minutes - Another woman walks in to the shop. The manager or owner (I assume) who is building the pizza, asks another employee to help 'the guests.' The employee proceeds to greet the other woman and start taking her order. After a moment, the 'Manager' asks us if we've been helped. We let her know we hadn't. She proceeded to tell us because we weren't standing right at the register, thats why know one had helped us............ *REMINDER* : I've been here enough to earn the complimentary 50% discount. It's not my first rodeo at this place. AND we did go straight to the registers when we arrived. How would we have picked out the Greek Salads (which are in between the 2 registers).... Needless to say, a place that makes it the guests fault that they weren't helped is not a place that I need to spend money at.... It's really too bad! I have had no issues the other 11 times at this location - but those times I came in after 6pm (this visit was around 1:30pm). I have always been helped by the night male 'manager/owner' (assumption on title, but these are franchises that are proprietor owned).......... I will say, I've never seen it busy at this location, so maybe when they get more than 1 or 2 people in their store at once they get a little "overwhelmed....." But, I think it will be awhile before I return, and needless to say, my friend will never get to try Papa Murphy's because she doesn't like rude service- especially when it's at a pizza place that you have to take home and cook yourself.
3_star Nice to find a traditional Scarborough establishment. A place that has been around longer than me! They still cook old school, like the way it was back in the 1950's with lots of butter to fry your egg. My friend and I stopped by last Saturday in the late afternoon so there were no crowds. Decor from decades ago, but the place was clean. Ordered coffee $2.15 (got one top up) and "Eggs" which was 3 eggs with potatoes. The price after breakfast hours was $8.45 . The Eggs and Sausage was $10.45, comes with 4 links of sausage. When the toast came out, it was glistening in good ole butter! The way I used to butter my toast when i was a kid! Friendly service. But like the other reviews said, fairly pricey for such a basic breakfast. It is a place you want to try out at least once to say you've done it and then maybe come back after a few years for the novelty. . Although for nostalgia, I hope the place does stay open for many more years to come.
1_star Tried kneader since thye just opened next to my hoise. The dessert they all taste the same. Bread was not fresh. The one star goes for the coffee.
3_star Nice atmosphere, good menu, nice flavours - although a side step away from authentic, however they work, so kudo's to the chef. Fun place to have a drink and snack on mezzes, or, try a variety of main dishes. Reasonably priced. Good location in entertainment district.
2_star The only reason they get 2 stars instead of 1 is bc my extremely mediocre and overpriced black bean chicken temporarily ruined my appetite & left me more room for the Rio seafood buffet the next day. Then again, maybe I subconsciously wanted to pay a lot to eat blah food - being from LA, how did I expect this place, catering mainly to drunken tourists that have never had authentic bb chicken, to compare with the real stuff in LA? Also, I was particularly upset that I discovered the Burger Bar was also at Mandalay Bay right after eating here. I had been jonesing for a burger alllll night and specifically had my mind set on burger bar, but forgot which hotel it was in. On the bright side, my skimpy little shreds of chicken accompanied by a few bell peppers was probably a lot less caloric.
5_star Pour moi, les meilleurs dumplings à Montréal. Essayez les dumplings au porc/coriandre.
4_star Playa Cabana Cantina is the latest restaurant to open in Toronto to fuel our newfound taco addiction in the city. It's located in The Junction at 2883 Dundas St. West (at Keele). Playa Cabana Cantina is the second location for Playa Cabana - with it's first location on Dupont (at Davenport). The Junction has accepted it well, considering there were absolutely no reservations available for the whole weekend - but they assured me that they keep the bar open for walk ins. So we walked in. Right away I was impressed by the decor, there's plenty of neon-lit signs including a shout out to JUNCTION - WEST TORONTO, and an "Keep and Enforce Prohibition" sign at the bar - perhaps a little tongue in cheek reference to The Junction's past as a dry neighbourhood until 2000. The menu here is set up a little differently than other taco favourites like Grand Electric or La Carnita. Instead of ordering tapas style - one taco at a time, Playa Cantina's menu includes everything from tacos and tostados to burritos and enchiladas along with a side of rice and black or pinto beans. We started off the meal with guacamole and chips. The chips arrived warm to the table and were extra crispy and fresh. The guacamole was smooth and not too spicy for our tastes. The bartender replenished the chips free of charge too, which is a great touch. Playa Cabana Cantina has a fresh oyster bar set up, and at $2 a shuck, we couldn't resist them. They were huge, no skimping here, and were served with horseradish and hot sauce. Then, we each ordered a set of tacos with a side of rice and black beans, after starting off with Amber Agave Margaritas. The Ancho Braised Shortrib-Brisket Crispy Tacos were served on a corn tortilla with melted cheese, sour cream and pico de gallo. They came to the table piping hot, and the mix of brisket and cheese was perfect along with the extra crispy tortilla. They were reasonably priced at $14 for an entree. Next up was the Tacos de Pescado (Baja-Style fish tacos) for $13 . They were a little underwhelming in comparison. The breaded tilapia didn't have the substance to stand up to the guacamole and shredded cabbage filling. Usually I'm a big fan of a good fish taco but this wasn't the best I've had lately. Personally, I prefer picking and choosing different tacos to try instead of ordering them as a personal entree. The sides of yellow rice and beans were fresh and a great addition, but it would have been great to try a few different kinds of tacos instead of three of one kind. With another round of drinks coming, we felt the need for some dessert... Unsure of what to get, the bartender recommended the Mexican Flan, so we gave it a shot. After waiting a little longer than necessary (I think the kitchen forgot about us), our bartender arrived with the flan, which was actually 2 mini flan served with whipped cream. He apologized for the delay and said the dessert was on the house. Overall the personal service at the bar was great, the bartender gave us a lot of recommendations on what to order and was more than helpful. The atmosphere was comfortable and casual, it didn't have that 'too cool' vibe that many new restaurants are picking up on now. We definitely will be returning to try out the burritos and other menu items along with the amazing guacamole again too. The tacos were flavourful, with fresh, house made ingredients but not the best of what the city has to offer right now.
2_star Service is decent but food is highly overpriced for what it is. Will not eat here again.
5_star I love this place. I eat here anytime I go downtown for anything. Always get the Gyro with extra meat and sauce. So amazing. YUM!
4_star I went here before work one night and was pleasantly surprised. All the dishes I ordered came out quick smart and it was all quite fresh. They didn't mess around with tiny portions of sashimi either which I was more than happy with. The bigger the cuts of salmon sashimi the more happy my belly feels. All in all I ordered way more than I would at a normal sushi restaurant for a whole lot less. P.s. I believe these guys are under the same family as Sushi St-Denis but I'm more of a fan of this spot than the St-Denis restaurant.
5_star I was introduced to this place by a friend and instantly loved it. The atmosphere is great and the staff is friendly. I ordered the yellow chicken curry.. it was very delicious and full of flavor. I will definitely be coming back to try more items on the menu.
2_star We ordered an all vegetarian meal, including the oven roasted veg wrap, to go. Got home, found a load of chicken in the veggie wrap. Called the restaurant and they said they'd give half off of on our next wrap. We're vegetarian! Not impressed.
4_star I recommend this to anyone visiting or living in Vegas. The dishes are great and happy hour keeps you coming back for more and if you are lucky, you might get to hear some Jazz!
3_star First time here. We are BIG Coke fans so we were excited. Got the Pot Roast sandwich. Meat was cut very thick so it was tough and dry. We ordered a side of gravy and it helped a lot. Fries were very good and NE Clam Chowder was delicious and meaty. Service (Sydney) was GREAT! We would probably go back but the bathrooms are somewhere out the back of the restaurant... literally out the back door. My wife headed that way and was uncomfortable with the people hanging around back there. The other dinners we saw delivered to other customers looked good!
2_star My boyfriend and I were shopping at Town Square, and decided to try this place. I have been to a Coconuts restaurant in Mexico, and thought maybe this was part of a chain, but I was wrong. I think this is the 3rd or 4th restaurant in this location, so I'm not sure how long it will stay open. We were greeted and seated by the hostess, who was friendly, but this may have been her first job, as she was really young. It took about 5 minutes or so for us to be acknowledged by a server, and I guess we weren't in her station because she took our drink orders, and another server brought them to us. I ordered the bean and cheese burrito, and my boyfriend had the fish tacos. My burrito was ok, but it was lukewarm at best, and the cheese inside was barely melted. I didn't say anything because I figured they would just nuke it, and when I got it back it would be too hot to eat. The chips and salsa were good, but it was a small serving, and they charge for them when most Mexican places just give them to you. The atmosphere of the restaurant is really targeting the younger crowd, maybe college students and 20-somethings. I don't think I saw a male server, but there was a male bartender. The girls were all in cutoffs, really, really short cutoffs, and bikini tops. It was chilly in there too, so not sure what they will do when the weather is colder. There was also a guy that was blowing alcohol onto a flame in a bottle, making a big fire ball. Very entertaining.....NOT! It is reasonably priced, and if I were still in college, it would probably be a great place to hang out on a Friday or Saturday night. I will probably go again to try something else on the menu, but it won't be a regular place for dinner for me.
1_star Asked for them to bring change $100 they said no problem the driver gets to my place says he had no change for a $100 had to leave my apartment to get my own change the worst customer service ever
2_star This restaurant seems to cater best to large groups. A group of 10 of us came here on a Saturday night. There was another large group of up to 16 people and 3 other tables with groups of 4. Although that sounds like a lot of people, the restaurant is fairly big and was 3/4 empty. There is no ambiance. There is also no background music/noise, so the largest group's voices carried and were extremely loud. Although the food was good, the price was too high and did not reflect the value. I understand why the prices are high given the wealthy neighbourhood and size of the restaurant. However, I would not recommend this place unless you are willing to pay the price for those things. We tried a number of dishes including the the peking duck, lemon chicken, pork buns, chili garlic prawns, and vegetable dishes. I would recommend the chili garlic prawns and lemon chicken. The peking duck was overpriced ($48) and there are other restaurants that serve it better at a more reasonable price. I am happy to pay the price for a great meal when warranted but this was not the case. Unfortunately, I will not be going back.
5_star Wiseys is exactly what the Leaside area needed! The meat pies are reasonably priced and are deliciously filling (I bought some for a family brunch and they were a huge hit!). They also have an impressive selection of sweet and savoury baked goods - i.,e savoury and blueberry scones are very flavourful and fresh, and the cinnamon donuts are addictive. I also tried a flat white (coffee) for the first time, and I am now a big fan. A really lovely cafe with adorable decor and very friendly staff. I always look forward to stopping in.
4_star we had it to go, so that being said. the pho was good because we love it piping hot. we boiled the broth and the meat because it was dripping with blood. the sandwiches were ok and a little over priced.
1_star Bleh. I've tried a lot of pizza places and this is so bad. The crust is not homemade, pretty sure. I saw them take it out of a plastic bag, and it sure tastes yuck. It wasn't very hot either. I am definitely going elsewhere next time.
5_star The flavor is amazing.... the people is great and friendly! Totally recommended!! It will come back next week!
5_star Found this place on Yelp's "Hot and New" and after going there I know why. The service is great and they are very attentive. I had the gtoza for an appetizer and they were cooked to perfection. I had the steak and salmon for my entre and it was juicy and tender and the salmon was fresh. I highly recommend the garlic butter with the steakt as it tastes incredible. They were nice enough to let us sample the seaweed salad and it was very tender and flavorful. Everything tasted very fresh. For the price, it truly cannot be beat! I will definitely be back again soon!
5_star Some of the most authentic BBQ I've had in Vegas to date. Brisket was by far the best item on the menu. They know what they are doing. BBQ is a tough sell in Las Vegas and I hope they stay put for a long time. Well done!
2_star So over priced for what you get. Portions are small and average tasting. Yet another over hyped downtown Toronto restaurant. The decor and patio are beautiful so save yourself some money and just go for a glass of wine after work.
4_star haven't found nothing wrong with the place. been in and out this place for a few years. bacon and eggs breakfast burrito and Cali burrito. carne asada fries all good in my pocket too.
2_star Great to have a vegan place near by, but the food is so salty it's almost inedible after a while. The vegetable sides were also extremely oily, which meant there wasn't really a break from the heavyness of the mains (many of which were fried or greasy). I understand that it is comfort food and this isn't supposed to be your typical veggie healthy fare, but I felt like the menu was a bit redundant. won't be going back.
5_star Had the BLT&T on awelicious bread for lunch. It was delicious.
2_star I've eaten here three times now because my coworkers like it. The portions are huge, but the food is icky-blah. Skip it.
4_star A small sushi restaurant with a very diverse menu. All you can eat dinner for two adults and two kids was delicious. The creme brûlée was perfect and the price was very reasonable. I would definitely eat there again.
1_star My girlfriend has been a regular of this place for years and could not wait to take me when I came in town for the Steelers game. We did not make a reservation and showed up on a busy saturday night around 8:45pm fully expecting a long wait. My girlfriend had forewarned me that there will be a wait so when we showed up we just expected to put our names down and go across the street for a drink while we waited. We ended up waiting in the front of the restaurant for ~20 minutes without anyone taking down our name. A few waitresses mentioned that the older italian guy (owner) took down names. We were ignored several times by him as he came up front - no biggie we saw it was busy. An older woman came up to us several times and asked if we had been helped, we replied no, and she reiterated that the older man dealt with the "list". We were fine up through now and were still waiting when the older guy came up to the front and shoved the older woman (his wife?) and proceeded to scream at her for several minutes. The entire restaurant went quiet and was staring at the front of the restaurant (where we were awkwardly standing as well). The older gentleman was screaming that she was always interfering with the list and he was done with it. He kept going on and said that why did she even care about a couple of "out of towners" who will never come back again. (which was even more shocking because my girlfriend was a regular and had regularly conversed with the man many times before). We subsequently left while the man was still screaming at the woman. This was the most absurd display at a restaurant I have ever seen. My girlfriend was extremely upset especially for the physical violence the man was displaying. This was no casual shove but rather a full two handed violent push followed by pounding his fist on the table and screaming at the woman in front of the entire restaurant. Needless to say we will never come back and recommend people boycott a place where the owner treats his (wife/employee) with such disrespect regardless of how stressed he may be on a busy night.
5_star The pizza is awesome!!! The garlic knots off the hook!!! Service so so but who cares after that 1 st bite!!! Never had anything else on the menu, but pizza is great!!!!!
2_star I read the reviews and thought I'd still give it a try. Not a good idea. The tofu was silken and had absolutely no flavor or texture. The noodles were overcooked. The soup was bland (though they did remember to give hot sauce, which helped). The cabbage was the only semi saving grace. Also, it was quick and filling. Not recommended, but not terrible.
5_star 24 hours. This North York location has an extensive menu. Most everything is reliably tasty. BUT YOU MUST GO BBQ OUTSIDE. Out back. It opens after 5pm. You. Must. Oh, btw, there's free parking out back as well.. That is all.
4_star We had a phenomenal night at Nico's. The only only only reason it's not 5 stars is that my lasagna was a little salty for my preference and the meatballs didn't seem as good as they were priced. The ambiance was fantastic, the service was excellent shout out to Penny, and above all we made a great memory here with some close family. The calamari was perfect, the Brussels sprouts were unreal and their well gin is superb. Thanks Penny, and thanks Nico's
3_star Been here a few times since my first visit and everything still stands from first review. I do enjoy their lunch buffet, mostly for the variety and choices for $11. Cheapest way to experience the variety of foods without ordering the entire entree. Food is okay, but sits out awhile and can get old and crusty. Not a large variety, but it's about the only Indian food place near where I live so I continue to go back. All in all, it is good but I wouldn't go out of your way to visit, just the only place close to me. Service however is always great. But maybe they could cut down on their price a little more if they didn't have 4 servers per diner.... just sayin.
1_star I ordered 2 chickens for take out to have them at home with my family. I opened one box and started eating the chicken and noticed that the chicken had a smell to it. I didn't think much of it but the smell kept getting stronger as I had more. I finally asked my family if they noticed the same and they all agreed. We called Cheers back the lady there apologized and asked if it was the chicken with bones. She said that the chicken has been out since the morning so that might be the reason why. So we brought back the left over chicken from one box, the new box of chicken that nobody touched and the chicken bones from the first box. They smelled the bones and the left over chicken and said that they couldn't smell anything which is ridiculous. I can describe the smell as ammonia like (ie. Bad chicken or bathroom smell, take your pick) and they straight up lied and said that they couldn't smell it. They eventually gave me the refund for one order of the chicken but not the other. I regret not reporting this place to a health inspector. First of all, anybody with any common sense knows that you CANNOT leave chicken outside all day long before cooking it. Secondly, if they couldn't smell what the 4 of us were able to smell at home, they are in the wrong business. Thirdly, don't make your customers feel like liars. I had to drive 30 mins to bring the chicken back. Why the hell would I bring the food back if there wasn't anything wrong with it. Stay away from this place unless you like foul smelling chicken covered up in sauce. I will NEVER eat or order from this place again.
1_star Well... I finally checked out La Pizzetta. at McDowell Mountain Ranch. The Pizza was good... but, not that good! $20.00 for a very thin crust 12" pizza with very "skimpy ingredients". So "skimpy" that I felt 'ripped off' and, won't go back. Too bad... that it wasn't awesome for $20.00. because we like to eat pizza (once a week) and this place is walking distance from where I live. _______Custom PIZZA made at Basha's is a better pizza and a better value!! Larger with 'more ingredients' for maybe $15.00 max. _______I don't see how La Pizzetta. will make it at MMR. and it's their own fault. Too bad:((
4_star Decided to visit this place during a weekend getaway to Vegas after seeing reviews on yelp and trip advisor. Food: Tastes great (we had Chicken Tikka Masala, Butter Chicken, Chili Shrimp), Spiced to taste, smaller portions (one entry feeds 1 adult), garlic naan was excellent (kids swore it was the best they've ever had), the fact that they had Indo Chinese choices was a huge plus as well. Only con was the dessert (they lost a star for this)- Gulab Jamun was not good at all, and they still charged us for it even though I said it wasn't edible. They serve it cold, and the insides were rock hard. Overall, this was the best Indian food I've had in a very long time. Decor: Elegant, nothing too fancy, but tasteful. In a quiet, residential area. Service: Very friendly, at times a tad slow, not too sure who our server was, at times it was a guy, at times it was the hostess who was quite nice. Cost: A little pricey (~ $15/entree). Bill for 2 adults and 2 kids was ~ $100 without drinks.
3_star ...it really depends on what you define as a burger. i was fortunate enough to have the "double-double". as verbally recommended to me by one of the brothers/owners, it was this, or the "priest" which i was to have, as a first experience. i had requested fried onions, ketchup, mayo, and lettuce as my toppings. the cheese was part of the burger, but this burger alone, cost $10.16. the friend who recommended this place to me (and was with me at the time), told me that i should try the fries as well. alas, i didn't have too too much cash on hand, and was expecting a rather large burger (i wasn't all that hungry). so, what defines a burger? is it the patty? is it the toppings? the bun/hoagie? or everything all together? the meat (which i was told, is fresh ground every hour), was fabulous. what some people would consider "dripping of grease/fat" i must correct them. it is juice. wonderful meat juice. one look at the inside of my bite, and i didn't see any visual additives to the patty itself. i felt that i could actually TASTE the meat! the toppings. well, what to say? the cheese was not the greatest cheese, but did the job well. one lettuce, ketchup, mayo, typical stuff. the fried onions? they were $1, and though it wasn't a lot it did fill the burger as a whole. the bun. ah... the bun... i feel as if this was the absolute downside of it all. i'm sure they know how juicy the meat is. i'm sure they know the size of the patty, as it leaves the capable hands of its maker. but this just did not fit the bill. it might be that it is an unpretentious burger (it should be, cause the meat is GREAT), but the bun was just a little lower than that. i ate the burger there, and found the bun very sponge-y, quickly absorbing whatever liquid driveled out, and with the little pressure that i was holding it with, made the thickness of the bun to almost nothing! i don't know how people can enjoy this, as a take out item. anyhow, i will frequent the burger's priest again. i won't be running there, as some other reviewers will, but i hope that the next time i do, they will have my "bun issue" fixed. or perhaps they'll offer me a fork and knife so that i don't have to have my burger with a bun, but that would cost more than having a better bun...
3_star We sat at the bar to ensure attentive service. Team service was excellent. Ordered the prime rib, it was cooked to order, and I was pleased. I previously had the fish and chips here and I was disappointed, but this visit was okay. I think that this place just performs well enough to get by with over-stimulated vegas visitors.
4_star Probably the best food for this type of dining. Our chef, Jeff, was great!
3_star Went to this place and got the all day pass for $30. Breakfast was pretty good. They had basic things that you would expect, eggs, bacon, waffles, french toast. We were too late for the omelet bar. Dinner was a little disappointing. Not as many choices as some of the other buffets in the area. For the price though, you could not go wrong. $30 all you can eat for the day is great.
1_star I and a friend dined here tonight, following the suggestion of a friend who said it was outstanding. It isn't. Though it starts off well with the perfunctory greetings, it went downhill. The wine sommelier had a hard time opening the wine we brought. My soup arrived at barely above room temperature. Our entrees took FOREVER to arrive, and once again, mine was barely above room temperature. The waiter, to his credit, did apologize for the delay in getting the food out to us. And he did so twice. That was a bad sign when he had to inform us twice. The manager tried to make it up with bring out desserts and dessert wine. I just don't like sweets. For the wine we brought, the restaurant did comp the corkage fee, and the desserts and dessert wine (which were unwanted) were also comp'ed. I will NOT go back to this place.
2_star Went there 3 times in a month. Very big different between 1st and 3rd time. Order the same dishes but with different taste. Seafood paste with Cream Sauce, very creamy at 1st time but 3rd times was vert salty. Soup also have same problem! Just a new restaurant, control the taste don't make too big different! Otherwise, people won't come again!
1_star Reviewed Dish: Curry Goat Reviewed during: Mon - Fri Lunch time Service Speed: 2.5 / 5 Cooking/Microwaving speed: 2.5 / 5 Food Quality: 1 / 5 Food Quantity: 2 / 5 Price: 1 / 5 Cleanness: 2 / 5 Repeat: Only if I am an uncover office looking for a bust I saw the restaurant featured in the Toronto edition of Million Dollar critic. So I got interested to try it out ...... If the restaurant wouldn't cook fresh food for the Million Dollar Critic, I seriously doubt I would get anything fresh. But I did not expect the curry goat would be frozen solid when the server scooped it out. After he microwaved it, it turned into a puddle of curry liquid (it did not look or taste like any sauce). Save yourself the trouble and get a decent Curry Goat at Sunrise at Yonge and College. In addition, it's quite expensive for the food at such a dive. While I was eating, I witness a drug deal happening right in front of the church. If you are an uncover office looking for a bust, this would be the perfect place for you. The producer who selected this restaurant for the Million Dollar Critic, what were you thinking!?
5_star So I just returned from Bordeaux, France and Venice, Italy. I've been living here in Fountain Hills and eating at Senior Taco for over 10 years. It's finally time to write this review. Senior Taco is my go to comfort Mexican place when I get home from my travels. I can honestly say this is better than much of the food I had this past week in Europe. And we ate at some very expensive and nice restaurants. Okay I didn't have Mexican food there but in terms of quality and the flavors that are in this food.... Senior Taco For The Win!!! From the enchiladas to the burritos and tacos everything is bursting with flavor. The salsas are to die for (especially the roasted chili oil.) The portions are huge and I almost always finish what I order. Do you know why...? Go to senior taco, order anything and you will understand. This place simply ROCKS!! OH, and the Margaritas are pretty good too. Mucho Bueno!! I don't hand out 5stars easily.
2_star I like this place a lot. Great place for drinks and great food. They make some very good specialty pizzas. I will say I am a little disappointed they stopped making their Italian sausage (as featured on dine in , drive ins, and dives for the Guinie Pie) and now use a cheaper substitute that is certainly not made in house. My last Guinie Pie also had a lot less spinach and feta cheese then it had in the past. :(
5_star Best BBQ in town!!! Gotta try the beef ribs and the brisket!! Definitely killed the craving and will be coming back!! This Joey maggorie is one hell of a chef!!
3_star I echo the reviews of the people below. Meh? When I think back to what we ate, I honestly can't remember. Every dish has a mumbo jumbo amount of ingredients infused together. Lots of use of interesting techniques, molecular gastronomy etc, but honestly, very style over substance kind of food. If you are looking for substance and style I recommend Bero. Edulis is also good. I'd much prefer going to Edulis over this place (same price point).
5_star This is my local Joe's and I love coming here. I've had various menu items and I have never been disappointed. When I'm looking for some comfort food and a good beer, this is one of my first choices. Staff is always friendly and fast. Never had a bad or meh experience.
2_star Had not been here in 30 years and I was initially very excited until I experienced just how bad the service was. While it was a crowded night because of the special entertainment, this is nothing new for this Cleveland institution so there is no excuse that I can think of to justify my dampened experience. I sensed that having to few waitresses to accommodate the crowd was the least of the problem. I can confirm this by my observation of them working, which was dodging game it seemed to constantly and actively ignore customers sitting idle without food, beverage, or food. I observed wait staff walking pass patrons without acknowledging that they heard them asking for service. I experienced this too 1st hand myself as well during my near :45 minutes idle waiting at my table without a menu, let alone a beverage- both of which had to be asked for eventually, then take another :30 mins. for the ghost-like waitress to finally take the order after having to be asked again. Trying to get eye contact was impossible, just as impossible was getting acknowledgement of our hands waving in the air attempting to get served. It is disheartening that this tiny standing room only Cleveland favorite which consistently plays host of not to disappoint jazz musicians fails to respect the whole supper club experience. And, pity that the music was so AWESOME and the it's menu is filled with creative sounding dishes provides customers with service that clearly demonstrates that they simply don't care!
1_star What is the deal. Walked into the restaurant Sunday afternoon and the guy at the cash register kept saying what can we do for you can we help you?, really what do you walk into a restaurant for, directions to the zoo? A blatant crappy attitude put his arms up and had a goofy attitude. The three of us were astonished at his attitude and walked out and went to Yours Truly. With that type of arrogance we saw why there was a wait for Yours Truly and Aladdin's was dead. This guy needs a big attitude adjustment the other Aladdin's we visited previously did not have this stupid behavior.
2_star Very dissappointed after all the 2nd hand hype..... The Burgers and fries LOOK great when served....but are very bland....The peanuts taste better than the burger. In the end I put this chain in somewhere between In N out and a Wendy's...with In N Out getting the edge. Definetly not worth the wait you see at lunch time...Better off going to red robins or grabbing a 5 dollar burger at Carls Jr. Soooo much grease/oil....soooo little taste!
4_star This sushi restaurant at the corner of Queen and Caroline is a take-out superstar. You can walk in to place your order or call ahead for pick up or delivery; they add a reasonable $3.00 delivery charge for the area nearby and $5.00 + for further surrounding areas, depending on the distance. If you call with special requests or large party orders, the chefs will accommodate you in a very timely manner - if it's not on the menu, just ask! Just like the fish, the interior is raw. There is actually one very small table with some chairs around it by the front window, but I've never seen anyone sitting there. There's a display that sits just to the left when you walk in, covered with bags of Japanese snacks for purchase and, on your right, you'll find shelves filled with a few groceries; dried sheets of nori is one recognizable item that jumps out immediately. Chef John Lee has been serving up fresh and beautiful sushi platters at this location since 2005. It is impressive to note that he worked under the iron chef himself, Morimoto. There is something soothing about the fact that they prepare your food behind the counter in full view. It's that commitment to preparing and presenting the freshest ingredients that has built their dedicated customer base. Lunch combos range from $15 to $25 and dinner combos from $15 to $35. If you choose the sashimi - individual pieces of raw fish with no rice - it does bring the price up a bit, but it's well worth it for something so delectable. If ordering a la carte is more your style, there are unique rolls to choose from, including: nigiri sushi (fish on rice), small rolls, inside out rolls and special rolls with everything from eel to sea urchin to marinated dried pumpkin. Our dinner for two was easily fulfilled with the vegetable sushi combo, which includes miso soup, and adding one Una Tekkyu roll (eel, tuna, cucumber, fish roe) and, my sushi must, an order of edamame. The vegetable rolls are prepped delicately to appear as if they too are made with tender slices of fish, the cucumber rolls are a refreshing addition and there is even a roll with an orange, crunchy vegetable called Burdock - carrot-like in appearance and texture, but with a different and unique flavour. Their fresh ingredients are really the highlight. Nori can easily become chewy and tough, but Marche's is tender and graces the palate without even a hint of the unappealing sea-scent that you might get from a lesser sushi establishment. I have to say I'm not the biggest fan of the cold edamame they serve, but I wouldn't want to trek my raw fish home with something steaming hot resting on top of it anyway, so I don't mind this one pre-prepared item. If your only sushi experience is picking up a pack of that generic grocery store stuff, with the fake green grass insert, Sushi Marche is really the place to discover all the glory of raw fish.
3_star This Paradise Bakery deserves better than one one star review. A recent visit here late one afternoon, but before the dinner hour rewarded us with our favorite fire roasted tomato soup. Indeed, I like it so much it's hard for me to order anything else, especially paired with a grilled cheese sandwich. Nothing better! This time I tried the asiago steak sandwich, which was good but a bit dry. The soups and salads look wonderful, and the turkey chili and Greek salad are other favorites. The wait staff were helpful and not unfriendly, but I did notice a bit of laxness at the checkout. Nobody there and customers with trays wondering what to do. I also observed people coming in not seeming to know what to do. There is a large "Pay Here" sign over the register, but no sign saying, "Order Here". Of course we'll be back. It's a welcome stop after shopping, A more prominent hostess to greet newcomers would be helpful.
5_star Excellent Brazilian Steakhouse. 13 different kinds of meat, hot & cold buffet items that are fantastic and dessert buffet my hubby squeezed in at the end. I was too stuffed to partake in dessert but it looked very yummy. I've been to the other Brazilian places in town and this one shot to the top for us. We considered keeping this place secret but we just can't...it's that good. Great service and wonderful ambiance rounded out this visit. We will be back. Highly recommend!
4_star I always enjoy coming to Ginza. Whenever I am there it is for some group get together and I love that the Hibachi tables are open and inviting. On my last visit, there was a group of 6 of us to enjoy hibachi..and we had a great time, our chef was charistmatic, put on an excellent show and was very accomodating. (He even was nice enough to provide a little extra of the meat as I am allergic to shrimp and didn't get to partake in the shrimp appetizer.) The scallop dinner is fantastic and yum to the miso soup. We also ordered sushi/sashimi at the table and it was brought out in a timely fashion and of course delicious. I will gladly come back and enjoy my evening with fun and entertainment and good food most of all. I always leave with a very full tummy and its overall very satisfying. Also Seaweed salad is a must!
3_star I'm trying to decide -- when it comes to pizza, am I a crust person or a topping person? If I am the latter, then I would say that the toppings we tried on three different pizzas were all good but could have been more plentiful. We especially liked the artichoke and olive pizza. Whatever exotic cheeses the chefs put on the pizzas are terrific but are just dotted on. I left the restaurant last night feeling crusty, which is to say I love the wood-fired, slightly burned, soft-on-the-inside crust. So much so that I almost finished off the crust left on my carb-watching daughter's plate. We'll see where things fall in the great crust/topping dilemma next time I visit.
3_star I like Cafe Rio. The food is good, but nothing super authentic. It's very similar to Chipotle, except a tad more expensive. However, you do get a ton of food with your order, which is good. I will continue to go back!
3_star My wife and I decided to go here for dinner. Atmosphere is relatively busy and there is available outdoor seating. The decor is average at best but forgettable for the most part. Service was friendly and adequate. I ordered a draft beer and my wife ordered a martini. She really liked her martini ($11). My draft beer ($5) was served in a 16oz pint glass but only filled to about 12oz. I guess that's how they roll here but you can't help feeling shorted. The menu is 'California Cuisine' and the prices are on the higher side (e.g., $14 hamburger, $20-30 entrees). My wife ordered a salad and and added chicken (a $4 surcharge) and I ordered the scallops. Flavors were OK but nothing extraordinary. Very small portion sizes. Scallops were $24 and included 5 scallops, 1 strip of bacon, and maybe 10 miniature snap peas. Overall, a very expensive yet forgettable meal. If you're really hungry you may end up leaving that way unless you're just used to quasi-European sized portions. We've been to several Fox restaurants and have started to notice a theme of expensive food, average flavors, small portion sizes.
5_star This is my favorite sandwich place it 's delicious. All the fresh ingredients come together perfectly in this wonderful mouth watering pocket of goodness. Everyone is extremely friendly & welcoming. I love the people there & they make my lunch enjoyable every time I stop in. The kale salad is amazing & If you get a chance to try the special on a Wednesday your mouth will be pleased.
2_star We tried Oyshi on a recommendation from a Renoite transplant that lives in Vegas now, we were expecting decent ayce sushi, much like the ones you can get in Reno....not even close. Sushi- The sushi is just, ok. The fish wasn't super fresh, some of the cuts of fish were thin and cut poorly, falling apart. Most of the rolls had the same notes of lots of imitation crab meat mixture, so they all tasted the same. Appetizers- I'm a fanatic for raw oysters, they had small Pacific oysters that were a bit on the warm side and very bland tasting, flavorless even with the siracha sauce they dotted on it. It tasted as though it was about to go bad and they rinsed it with tap water, even the shell the oyster was served in lacked oyster liquor, which isn't a good sign. Needless to say, I was only able to eat 1 of 4 that I ordered and it was a struggle to keep it down. I've eaten raw oysters from a jar and the raw oysters here came pretty close to that. I told the wait staff that the oysters were a bit off and she replied, "that's odd they're usually not like that". The manager was attentive and came to our table to see if we wanted more oysters, stating that there wasn't enough sauce on our previous order as to why they tasted that way. If the oysters are fresh, why would you need to drown it in "sauce"? The sweet shrimp with side of fried heads, amaebi, were not so sweet, which means they weren't so fresh. The shrimp heads weren't prepared properly, (not fried well) and so it was tough to bite through it. After having the oyster and amaebi, we passed on the uni, because if you can't get the other 2 right, there's no way we were going to try the uni as it needs to be super fresh. They were pretty busy for a Tuesday night, so maybe I just have high expectations for sushi, or maybe we just got the Sushi chef in training, but if your like me and your jonesing for some great sushi, this place isn't for you.
1_star Worst service ever! Went here a few weeks ago about an hour and a halfway before they closed and got treated horribly ! I asked if we could get an appetizer and our writer replies with "we'll what do you want? The kitchens closing soon" we got up and left right then. Also had a hair in my water. Never coming here again !!
5_star Excellent food across the board!! Have not been disappointed yet. Fry bread is the beast in town!
4_star this place is good. i love pizza, it does get soggy really quick due the the grease. i love my pizza's crispy. i always have them extra well done which comes out perfect for my tasting. the ingredients they use taste very fresh. meatballs are to die for and the pizza's are huge. not to mention the deals they have on thurs and sun. bogo for carryout. yum yum goodness. actually had metro the other day.
5_star This place is the GREATEST!!! Priced right quick and easy. Get ready to pack that BOWL YO!!!
4_star I just ate what may be the messiest sandwich EVER, but it was a supremely noshable bit of smoky heaven. This great food cart appears near my work on the West side every Wednesday (Charmany Drive), and my coworkers and I make a point to go each week. I got the pork butt sandwich, which was sliced rather than pulled--a nice change. I had a mix of the sweet and extra spicy sauce today, and the sandwich was spot-on. My colleague wished he had more sauce on his sandwich, but I felt that mine was perfect, and that my white shorts were in jeopardy as it was. Thumbs up!!
5_star Prices are good! Never in a million years thought gluten free treats would be this good.
3_star Food was great. Service was ok. Took a long time to get the check. Probably waited longer for the check than the food. Overall a good experience.
5_star I have been here several times and had the steak sandwich, which is made with real pieces of steak. It's been delicious everytime. My wife loves the club sandwich, because it has real turkey and ham on it. Not lunch meat.
2_star The food was generally good but there was hair in two of our dishes and some of the servers were abrupt and borderline rude. However, our server Anne was polite and quickly addressed our concerns about the hair in our food.
5_star This has become one of my go to places in the area. Good food, nice selection and quiet atmosphere. The staff is always pleasant, and prompt.
1_star Okay, first of all let me just say this review has nothing to do with the food since I never got to eat anything there. That being said, it has everything to do with my experience with this location. So last week I was coming back from a Dr. Appt in N. Phx back to Mesa. I had purchased an Eversave coupon (similar to Groupon) for Stacey's. I am rarely out there since I live and work in Mesa but when I knew I was going to drive down the 51 for my appt I decided to bring the coupon. Since the appointment was during my lunch hour I was hoping to just get something to go because I knew I would be well over my hour lunch break (it actually ended up being 2 1/2 hours) but the coupon said dine-in only so I was prepared to spend the extra time to use the coupon. So when I pulled into the parking lot I noticed a piece of paper taped on the outside wall telling me they no longer accept the Eversave coupons and there is no exception. The coupons didn't expire until the middle of February so this was about three weeks before it was supposed to expire. Since I was already late I just backed out and went back to work. When I got back to work I wrote an email to Eversave asking for my refund and they responded saying it had been more than 120 days since I purchased the voucher so they wouldn't refund my cc but would give me credit instead. Not being thrilled with this I just called Stacey's today. I wanted to see when they stopped taking the vouchers. The lady on the phone was very unprofessional and unfriendly. I asked her if she knew when they stopped taking the vouchers and she told me she didn't know. I then asked her if there was someone else that might know and she told me no, there was no manager there. I then asked if there was any way to find out and she told me no. I then tried to call the other location on Shea to see if someone there might know and no one answered at 2 pm in the afternoon on a Wednesday. When voicemail picked up at that location is said the voicemail was full and I couldn't leave a message. So not only did they not accept my voucher but they also couldn't even answer a simple question and we very unprofessional at the same time. All in all, this was a horrible experience.
2_star When I walked through the door and was greeted by an American staff, I knew this wasn't going to be a Thai joint. But I was hungry and we had hungry kids, so we stayed for lunch. Dishes we ordered: 1. Panang curry - the flavor was ok but it was too watery. I felt like I was having soup vs curry 2. Pad Thai - the sauce had a weird flavor that was not authentic to the phad Thai at all. I was confused eating it lol 3. Pad Kee Mao (Drunken noodles) - this is my fav noodle dish of all time. Been eating it my entire life. This was the most disappointing dish we ordered. They used pad thai noodles for the dish, and the flavoring was so off. It was like me ordering spaghetti but they served me fettuccine alfredo. 4. Sesame chicken salad with noodles. I didn't even care to try this dish. Nothing about it was Thai. Overall, the restaurant was clean and had nice staff. However, the food is not quite Thai food. It's Americanized Asian food, that caters to the palettes of those who doesn't know authentic Thai food. Maybe I'm biased because I'm part Thai and grew up eating the real stuff all my life. But I've also had amazing Thai food all over America. The best Thai food is of course in Los Angeles Thai town. Even San Fran, NY, NC, and Portland are few cities that has my fav Thai restaurants. Personally, today for me, I just consumed wasted calories lol. I'm still craving my drunken noodles! Once I get home from this vacay, I'm going to whoop it up in the kitchen, true Thai style, with the correct noodles.
3_star Honestly- I wasn't exactly impressed. My husband and I ate here over the weekend and I was somewhat disappointed. Presentation and service was nice. The food was good. I've had better at a high end steakhouse. I don't mind paying $$$$ for food that I enjoy but $250 for just ok wasn't satisfying for me. But I guess I can say I ate there once
4_star Stopped by for lunch, short wait and prompt service. Drink and food portions are more than generous. The fish taco is excellent, as were the mini burgers. Definitely reccomended.
5_star We ordered this for a lunch group! What amazing service! They accomodated us and got our food to us steaming hot and on time! This is a first time pick for all of us and we cannot say enough good thi gs about it! Job well done!
1_star Sweet desserts but the service definitely soured the experience! We received the worst service you can get, all 4 hostesses were inattentive (they told us 10 mins wait time but took 30 mins, waited by a dirty table while they were standing there gossiping) and then got moved to another table while another group (same number of people as us) was immediately seated and served before us. This is the most unfriendly and unprofessional environment! We heard such great reviews but this ruined the experience, very disappointed! They need to train their hostesses better.
3_star Dined here during Restaurant Week, Spring 2017. Starters Burrata - toast points too salty and rough Tuna Poke - nicely put together Entrees Shrimp+Grits - grits were very flavorful and focaccia was nicely seasoned Short ribs - very, very tender, but the glaze and au jus were nothing stellar. Dessert Key lime pie and chocolate brownie met expectations. Solid service.
1_star The food is fantastic and they have great daily specials through out the week. We went on a Friday for a nice holiday happy hour only to be informed that apparently friday is not part of the weekday, therefore there is no happy hour. I have never heard of a single restaurant not having a happy hour on a Friday and not considering friday a weekday, it was severely dissappinting. I would love for my company to recognize friday as a weekend too!
2_star Food was just OK. Service was bad. Food took a long time to come out . It was one plate at a time. One plate every ten minutes. There was five of us eating and by the time the last meal came out everyone else was done eating.
3_star I really wanted to like Citizen Public House because the reviews are so amazing, I thought it was ok. It always bothers me when I sit down at a table in a nice restaurant and the table cloth is dirty and my plate was not clean... On the plus side, the service was good. It was a nice surprise to have the chopped salad, that's a favorite. I had duck and it was good - it came with sweet potato hash and greens - both good also, could use a little kick - but I like really spicy food!
4_star We've been here several times over the years. The food is always solid. I don't think I would call any of it exceptional or over the top awesome, but we've never had a bad meal there. We will continue to go back when in the mood for good burritos, or fajitas, or whatever looks good on the menu to us that day. I'm also a fan of their hot sauce that comes with the chips, and if you're there early enough a few half price margaritas for happy hour always hits the spot!
2_star Setting: In a mini-mall full of ritzy shops at the Bellagio. Ambience: Sucks. Way too dark, way too loud. The patio outside overlooking the water show lagoon looked nice, but like the similar setting at the Paris resort's Mon Ami Gabi directly across the strip, you have to be someone, know someone, or just be lucky to sit there. Food: Mediocre. The bread was fresh, but like from Vons. The tapenade was too salty. The panzenella salad was VERY good- the best thing we ate, really- a thick slice of toasted bread and cheese, covered with quartered heirloom tomatoes and balsamic dressing. I would seriously consider going back just for that salad, but it was on the daily specials menu, so who knows how often they have it. The entrees were so-so. My "flatbread" (pizza) was bland. Joyce's scallops were tasty, but they were sitting on a bed of luke-warm, undercooked "risotto with pancetta", which had no detectable pancetta in it. Service: OK- prompt, but at the same time, kinda distacted, if you know what I mean. No, we didn't order dessert and coffee (hit Red Mango over on Paradise later for that). We won't be giving this place another chance- too many reliably great choices in Vegas to waste time and money here.
4_star I have been drinking the same espresso drink for about 6 years now, and Lux does the best job at making it! I found this place when I lived in Phoenix, and I literally went there every morning at 7am. I would order my drink and sit there and read. The coffee drinks are fantastic and it may have to do with the fact that they roast their own beans. The pastries are also great, and they are baked fresh in the mornings. They have comfortable chairs to lounge on and read a good book. They also have tables that can seat up to 8 people, so it is a nice place to meet up with a group of friends. There is also seating outside under a shaded area. There is a morning rush, but the staff is quick and there are parking spaces to the north of the building and also to the south. It is a hip, cool place with hip, cool customers.
2_star I used to come here often, however, The quality of acai bowls has gone down a lot. The last time I was in, the original acai bowl did not taste fresh. Very disappointed to see the staff did not care about my concern.
4_star Starting to become fond of this place. Always treated with great service, and great food! Spicy Tuna Roll is one you cant miss out on! And there pot stickers have a unique taste, and this really mind blowing with the sauce!
1_star Burn this god forsaken Robertos to the ground, I will never eat here again because as I am writing this review I'm in the bathroom right now dying. These guys gave me a virus and now I can't even move. Disgusting to even think how I got the virus but definitely positive it is from the food. It was the last thing I ate and the only thing I ate in the past 14 hours, have not been able to leave the bathroom for about 3 now.
3_star I was a bit disappointed with my visit to Double Zero based on all of the great reviews. It might also have to do with the fact that I can only eat the gluten free crust. When we arrived, they didn't even asked if we wanted to sit in the lounge or dining area, and took us to some secluded table. We picked up our jackets, and sat ourselves in the lounge area where it was a bit busier. We ordered the mushroom pizza and the Waldorf salad. We intended to have these as our own separate dishes, and the server didn't ask if we were sharing, and automatically assumed we were so she brought everything on share plates. My friend asked for chicken on the salad (thinking it would be a nice grilled chicken breast), and received shreds of chicken that tasted like one of those Safeway rotisserie chickens. The salad was not that great, and she ended up sharing my pizza with me. I don't think the pizza was anything special. Same as any other pizza place around Calgary. I was hoping they would have a gluten free crust with that home made texture, but rather it was yet another piece of cardboard out of the box. The only place I've seen offering the gluten free crust that somewhat resembles their normal crust is The Libertine Public House.
3_star I always hit Susha Xtra up when I'm at Queen & Spadina... Since I don't usually feel like eating burgers. The bento box are great deals for the portion and options. The sprint combo is perfect for me which includes; chicken teriyaki, white rice, veggie tempura, beef gyzo, salad, miso soup, Samon & cucumber maki for an economical & $9. It's great for getting a beautiful delicious variety. Totally worth a try.
3_star Our dinner at Rosemary's Restaurant was a huge disappointment. I chose this restaurant based on yelp reviews and I really felt betrayed. My husband and I went here on Father's day. Our server told us about the 1/2 price bottles of wine - which immediately put us in a good mood. My husband got the tasting menu and I went with the Prix Fixe menu. L'amuse bouche was goat cheese mousse on fried wonton - which was rather unimpressive - but it didn't taste bad, it just tasted as described. Next came beef tartar for my husband and beef carpaccio for me. The salad that came with the beef carpaccio tasted like the Field of Greens salad at CPK - again, it tasted good but seemed unoriginal and umimpressive. Additionally, I didn't see the point of having the beef in this beef carpaccio - blue cheese and the sweetness of the salad dressing completely overpowered whatever beef was doing in there. My husband didn't say much about the beef tartar - which leads me to believe it was forgettable. Then came sweetbreads for me and the Hugo BBQ shrimp for my husband. As others have commented here previously, the shrimp dish was good. Nothing about it said "fine dining" but it was good. These were followed by striped bass for my husband and baramundi for me. This was the beginning of the downhill portion of the evening. The barramundi I ordered was way over-salted where I could see the grains of salt completely covering the skin of the fish and the sauce on which the cabbage slaw and the fish were sitting was also extremely salty. I took a few bites, but it literally was inedible. This was the final dish of my Prix Fixe meal but my husband still had the rack of lamb to go. The lamb was well cooked - only dish of our meal that had a pleasing presentation. After mere one bite, my husband said "this doesn't taste like it was tasted before it was brought out." He said that the lamb and the Bordelaise sauce was way too salty and simply inedible. At this point of our meal, I was extremely sad. I really felt betrayed by yelp and just sad that I didn't stick with one of the famous chefs' restaurants on the stip but instead came to this suppsed "hidden gem." I was so upset and disappointed that I couldn't even look at the server. When she asked how we liked our main courses, we answered honestly and for consolation prize she gave us free coffee and a piece of cheesecake. Which to me was rather offensive - considering how they served inedible dishes and they thought it will all be OK with some unoriginal, uninspired cheesecake? I felt that this restaurant should be classified as wannabe fine dining. In addition to some of the food being inedible, there was serious lack of attention to detail which I couldn't overlook. For example, flour-less chocolate cake had a piece of walnut shell on it - which my husband discovered when he took a bite of the cake. When coffee was poured, our server filled the cup to the brim - was I at a diner? Did she think I was going to drink the cream straight out of the creamer? Portion of the kitchen is visible from the dining area. While this concept is beautifully executed at L'Atelier de Joel Robuchon, at Rosemary's, you are literally looking into a commercial kitchen. Not only is it loud from pots and pans banging, it just isn't pretty nor interesting to look. Lastly, this may actually be a positive for some, but the portion sizes were obscene. This was simply one more example of the recurring fault in our dinning experience at this restaurant - I felt that there was a lack of unity or integration of various aspects of the meal, which for me resulted in the failure to enjoy the meal both as individual components and as a whole. This restaurant is not worth the trip if you are staying on the strip and we will never come back again.
2_star Well, I must say I was really looking forward to trying this place based on the rave reviews. However, it was very hard to find...omg! I finally located it in this raggedy strip mall...The area is pretty deserted and very rundown...POTHOLES galore! It's kinda scary over there, I wouldn't go alone just my personal preference. On to the sandwich...my sandwich bread was really over toasted and actually kind scratched the roof of my mouth in the midst of creating a zillion crumbs everywhere. The pork def had a good taste and although I was not expecting a lot of meat, I did think the amount was TOO little. One slice of that yummy pork just didn't cut it for me or my hubby. The veggies were really good compliments and added nice crunch. I would have enjoyed more of a condiment to bring everything together as I couldn't really detect the butter/pate spread the sign said was on it (maybe due to over-toasting?). The owner was super friendly and that makes me want to visit again in spite of my not-so-great first experience...I'd prob give it another shot, one day.
5_star First time eating authentic Cuban food. We will be coming back for sure next time in Vegas. Try the tasting plate which has three meats, salad, platanos and black beans and rice. My wife had the Cubano sandwhich with pork. My son had the pollo y arroz. The portions are large for my gordo friends like Juan V.and Trevor T.
5_star We had the duck, oysters, monkfish liver, shrimp shumai, Wasabi octopus and the curried lamb. It was all great. The best food we have had in Charlotte. The service was exceptional at the bar. We will be back often.
5_star Great modern Italian space with delicious pizza. My in laws are vegan and Spiga always accommodates! Also, love that pesto hummus that comes with the bread!
2_star My wife and I came here trying to diversify our restaurant portfolio. Food across the board was okay. Lettuce a little brown, rolls very out of bag from store feeling. Many things lacked flavor when the creative names and combos made me expect something bold. I'm not sure what some of the yelpers liked so much ? The snickers pie was blah. My salad was plain. My wifes quiche was like a frozen pot pie. I liked my app, but not so much I'd order it twice. The only thing we like was our butter finger shake, but madison has a few thousand places to get custard. Our server was nice and helpful, but lacked courage in guiding our selection. Not a awful experience, but not very good. Would not give 2nd try.
3_star My boyfriend and I went here for dinner and we both loved the ambiance created by the low lighting and thoughtful decor. The outdoor seating area is very nice too. We had great service. My boyfriend had the half calzone half pizza and substituted pepperoni for the ham. I had the Vegetarian pizza. The reason I gave this restaurant three stars is because my boyfriend said his pizza was "tasteless". I didn't taste it since I don't eat meat. As for me, I usually only get white pizza's when I get a pizza but Ciao Grazie doesn't have a white pizza on their menu so that's why I got the Vegetarian. I didn't love the Vegetarian but I'm not surprised about that because I really only ever order white pizzas. We won't be going back but the restaurant itself is lovely along with the staff.
3_star From the outside, Modern Steak looks pretty cool. The look is generally stark-white yet inviting. I did not find it to be overly pretentious as other restaurants in the area sometimes are. That said, I didn't really find it to be much of anything. The food was fine, but not great. There were really no standouts. We had a filet and a pasta dish for entrees, both good. We had a sour apple salad that was also good. For sides, the mushrooms and the french fries were both OK. All-in-all, the food was fine but nothing I'd tell anyone to rush over for. The service was appropriate, albeit a little slow. No draft beers -- I hate that. As for price, our food and tip total was $130 with a salad, two entrees, two sides, two beers and a dessert, so $65 per person. If you order wine, it will obviously be more. Not inappropriate given the expense to run such a place. Overall, this is my first 3-star rating because it really deserves 3-stars. Nothing to write home about but nothing that's worth complaining about either.
1_star No story is needed here. Service is bad. The chicken is dry out. No lunch sets Order 2 meals and 1 didn't come after at least 30mins. And waitress didn't follow up even we ask her to check. And we ask for bill and they didn't cancel the one which never arrived until we said how can u charge us....
5_star I ate here a couple of times. I had two different salads with some changes. Very tasty, good quantity, fresh and served with friendliness. The go to place for lunch.
2_star Maybe the food is good, I have no idea. I was just very turned off by the interaction I had on the phone. I just moved to the area and was looking on yelp for some good Chinese delivery, and searched by proximity to my house. The person taking my order first told me she didn't know where my address was so I tried explaining it to her, she said that maybe it was too far away and they don't go more than 10 miles. I then told her that the map said it was only 8 miles and she proceeded to tell me that was too far. Perhaps she was busy, but she was short and basically hung up on me after that. I might expext that on a Friday or Saturday but it's Wednesday. Maybe I'll try again, but it may be a while before the terrible interaction is gone from my memory.
3_star This is NOT the Blind PIG of last time I visited ! New menu and only thing on menu that is PIG is pork chop. No ribs !!!!! And almost nothing without carbs! Still a great staff and atmosphere!!!!
4_star We had a great meal at Fix-tasty buffalo wings (the best in Las Vegas according to our waiter, and he was right!), asparagus with truffle hollandaise, crispy skin chicken with mashed potatoes, and those tiny lobster tacos! What an awesome mix of foods! And the service was wonderful, the atmosphere cool! We had a table right on the edge of the casino which made for prime people watching!
3_star This place is busy every Mon-Fri during lunch time and there's a good reason why! The food is very fresh and tastes very authentic. Compared to any of the (many) other take-out burrito joints in the area (Burrito Boyz, Burrito Bandidos, Mucho Burrito etc.) this place has real Mexican ingredients and recipes being executed all day long - you can see the women making the meats, salas and guacamole in the store. I give them less stars because the actual burritos are sub par. They over load them and then bake them as opposed to putting them on a flat-top or a press. I find this compromises the abilities of the tortilla and more often than not it rips. The naked burrito, or burrito bowl however is VERY good. I prefer the chicken tinga which is shredded chicken in a chipotle/adobo type sauce. It comes on top of rice and your choice of beans (black or refried pinto), and with cheese, salsas, guacamole, sour cream, burrito sauce, and cilantro. They also serve a generous handful of tortilla chips on the side which is nice for dipping. At around $10+tax for any item it's not very cheap but you will get a hefty portion.
1_star Terrible service and bad food. We asked about our drinks and water 15 mins after ordering and was told "We are busy, you will have to wait". The poutine has been sitting on the counter the cheese was solid and cold when it got to us. The grilled cheese hamburger was just a bad grilled cheese with a bad hamburger patty. We asked for onions rings and the server substituted it with fries without first informing us, claiming they are out of onion rings.
2_star After our second meal I have to say that this place has a lot of things they need to straighten out. With how long they've been open at this point there shouldn't be so many issues. I was more forgiving the first time we tried Gangnam but after today, I think I won't be back for a while. Here's our feedback- -At our first visit they were out of chicken and pork bulgogi. Really limits your option at the all you can eat, especially when there's only one chicken dish to choose. Since this is an all you can eat one would imagine that they are fully stocked on meat. -visited about 2 weeks apart and the beef bulgogi changed at my second visit- I found it tasted a bit funky and was a different cut of meat than the first time. Whatever beef you used before was tastier! -Today we had quite a bit of wait time for our meats. Maybe consider prepping your meats to avoid customer wait time.. our rice was going cold by the time the meat went on the grill. - We came one hour before closing last night and was turned away because of "last call" and "kitchen is closed." Your kitchen is full of raw meat dude, you don't have to cook a thing! Advertise that somewhere with your hours! So that we don't have to drive 20 minutes to be turned away. So disappointing when you're hungry and it feels more like the servers don't want to deal with another table. Came back today because of cravings and wished the situation was handled better. I wouldn't bring a group here because of 18% auto gratuity for parties of only 4 or more....at a restaurant where you cook your own food and only need a server for refills. Nice. Honestly.. just had such high hopes hearing about this place but found it so unorganized, their staff is all over the place and I hope they figure out a system that runs smoothly because it's quite hectic.
1_star This Canter's appears to have no association to the Los Angeles Canter's. When the Canter's sign went up at Tivoli Village I was really excited since I had grown up in LA and went to that Canter's frequently. Ordered the Thanksgiving Dinner and Roast Brisket dinner. I assumed that the orders I received were incorrect as they were not the same as when I had had them from the LA Canter's. The Roast Brisket Dinner comes as a sandwich on rye with only a side salad and mustard. The Thanksgiving Dinner comes as turkey on bread with a mound of fried onions and mashed potatoes and gravy. There is no stuffing or cranberry sauce. After receiving the order and opening it at home the restaurant was contacted and they stated that these were in fact the correct items despite the menu (and previous orders) stating otherwise. If you're expecting LA Canter's quality food, you won't find it here.
5_star Beautifully modern and discerning, Nota Bene provides the perfect setting for special occasions and casual dining alike. What makes the experience at Nota Bene so incredible is the total lack of pretense in a restaurant that could easily come across as pompous, and still attract a devoted clientele. You might find yourself dining with a local politician or celebrity, and a couple celebrating their wedding anniversary, all in the same place. The price is accessible, the quality of the food impeccable, and the service instant without being overwhelming. We started the evening with Chef David's lobster tacos and the margarita fiesta specials. The lobster tacos were served in a lettuce shell, with a chipotle cream, veggies and cilantro ($8). They tasted like something you would find in a great coastal city, and not at all heavy. The lobster special is a great way to settle in to a long evening of wonderful food. The margaritas were phenomenal, served on the rocks with Avion tequila. We tried a couple of the cocktails and loved "Chef David's" traditional margarita with smoked sea salt. The blueberry and pine tips margarita sounds like a bit of an odd marriage, but worked so wonderfully together that we ordered another. For appetizers we started with the Hamachi ceviche, which is a yellowtail Pacific fish, infused with coriander, lime, avocado, and jalapeño ($16). This dish came highly recommended by our server, and was absolutely worth the hype. The jalapeños offered a very spicy take on the dish, tempered by the avocado and lime. Next we tried the cavatelli pasta, with a truffle-scented mushroom Bolognese ($16). This dish was surprisingly soft and creamy without any cheese in it, and the truffle mushrooms were divine. We also had the crisp duck salad with sumac green papaya slaw and cashews ($15), and although I am self-admittedly duck averse, I am told it was perfectly crispy and flavourful, and ending up being the favourite appetizer of the evening for my companion. For our mains we ordered two Nota Bene favourites. I went with the wild Digby sea scallops with avocado purée, Thai curry paste, mango, papaya and peanut salad ($28). For such a tropical sounding dish, the scallops actually had a very Canadian East coast feel to them, the avocado puree adding a creamy compliment to the scallops. Nota Bene specializes in preparing excellent seafood, and I would absolutely come back for this dish again. We also tried the braised beef short rib with corn truffle, pickled red onions, queso añejo and coriander ($29). The short ribs were tender, succulent and combined with the sharp taste of the queso añejo and the acidity of the pickled red onion, they were layered with flavour and flat out delicious. With dinner, we ordered a glass of Ontario Pinot Noir and an Argentinean Malbec. The wine list at Nota Bene is extensive, with the full spectrum of bottles, ranging from the $70 to several hundred. For dessert we sampled sticky toffee pudding ($12) and S'More ice cream ($10). Needless to say, the sampling turned into finishing. Both desserts were exploding with flavour, the pudding a great combination of traditional pecan praline and spotted dick ice cream, taken with a strong espresso; this is dessert to die for. The S'More ice cream was a fun take on the campfire favourite, with a chocolate and graham cracker crumble. Go try Nota Bene, twice. Once to become familiar with all that this brilliantly conceived restaurant has to offer and then a second time to cement the relationship in your black book of regular haunts. Service, quality and ambience are all top rate, yet you still feel the passion Nota Bene has for creating a wonderful experience and forming personal relationships with its guests. See you there...
3_star Oh City Tavern! To be quite honest, there is nothing very special about this place. The service is okay... you won't be disappointed, but you won't be wow'd either. The food is good, but a bit pricey in my opinion. The drinks are fairly expensive as well, and I've never been very impressed with their mixed drinks... BUT, somehow I keep coming back... I can't put my finger on it... The atmosphere is good - romantic (at least at night) with candles on the table. And the faint music is soothing... Oh wait, I know! My girlfriend loves this place! ...That is why we keep going back! Plus it's within walking distance to the movie theatre! Mystery solved! ...Now I just need to find a new place that we both love!
5_star Great food cold beers and great service. I wish we had an applebees in hawaii. Omar is a great server he took great care of us. I wish I could give more than five stars.
5_star Fantastic food and attentive service. Burger was phenomenal. I would absolutely recommend this restaurant!!!
1_star Thought we would stop in on our way back home and saw that they opened at 9 according to Yelp. Got there and the doors were marked that they opened at 8. Since we waited til after 9 we were glad we were covered anyway. Walked in the unlocked door and the case was already filled with pastries. We waited and waited for ANYONE who worked to greet us and take our order. After several minutes a woman came from the back and yelled at us from the kitchen that they werent open until 11! Good customer service in normal businesses is that you have hours of operation posted accordingly and if you have special circumstance post it on the door and lock the doors if you are not going to open at the posted time!
5_star Jambalaya in Phoenix? Just had a great bowl of jambalaya. I lived in Cajun country for three years, so I know it when I taste it. Fresh ingredients and a great local beer to wash it down. Chef even delivered it and stopped by after to give me the scoop. Now I see why 1000+ rate this 4+ stars. Thanks ROBERT!
5_star My husband and I were looking for a fine dining experience - a night away from our toddlers. We took a chance with Firebirds as we had never been. We started the night with the lobster spinach queso, which was amazing with the fresh bread (in lieu of the chips) served prior to the entree (as suggested by our amazing waiter, Sam). He was funny and gave us a great feedback about the dishes and wine. We ordered the slow roasted ribeye, which was perfectly cooked - definitely try it. We also enjoyed the spiced pecan green beans and lobster tail. We ended the night with a warm brownie (it's large and my husband and I shared). The prices were fair and honestly we felt we received a LOT of bang for our buck. Even after leaving a 20% tip, our bill was surprisingly affordable. We loved the high end feel of the restaurant while it was perfectly acceptable to wear jeans. It is casual without pretention. Loved it all!
1_star We are locals and decided to try Jayde since we love the M Hotel so much and thought for sure it would be great. We were less then impressed. We all started off with the cucumber salad that had been made early in the morning or possible left over from the night before. It was horrible and dried out and bitter.We all remained optimistic about the food we were about to receive but, looking back we should have just left. The tuna was horrible and none of us could eat it. The waiter acted like he had heard that a time or two. Some of us tried more rolls and some of us decided to go the Jadye Specialties. The fried rice at Panda Express is much better, the only item we could all eat was the dumplings. There was 5 of us and we all vowed we would never ever go back. Also, the staff could care less if you enjoyed the food or not.
2_star Tried this restaurant based on the four stars from Yelp, and all I can say is "I pity the fools who thinks this is a four star place to eat" The food was mediocre and the service nonexistent. Had to ask five times to get a plate and utensils. The only good thing is the somewhat cheap price although I wouldn't pay for this no matter how cheap. To top it off, when going to the washroom in the basement, the staff stores the raw dumpling filling uncovered and not refrigerated. I give this place two stars but think that's generous. If you really want a good dumpling place, try Ding Tai Fung in Markham.
4_star We went there on our anniversary this year on December 6 th .I was concerned after reading the reviews from different sights .wow! We're we happy we ignored them . excellent service and the food was perfect Miriam( I think was our servers name ) and she was fantastic .I did feel the prices were high or should I say higher than I want to pay .but the lady has put up with me for 48 yrs.so I think she deserved it .the only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is for the prices .
5_star Absolutely love this place!!! It's a bit pricey but so worth it. The food is excellent and the service is amazing!!
1_star The system here is ridiculous. It is customary to notify the customer if they will be charged again for a drink that needs to be remade. Instead of letting me know, they remade my drink and then proceeded to charge me stating that they need to charge me regardless because they made the drink. Had I been told I would have had the option to go through with it or not but they didn't and I was forced to pay the price regardless. They defended themselves that it's how they work as a business but that's not fair to me as a customer. They just took my money and that's just fucked up.
2_star I walked in at lunch rush and was extremely disappointed. I first went to the men's bathroom. The toilet would not flush and the paper towels were out. I came out and told the person who looked like the shift leader/manager and she just shrugged me off, totally unfriendly. I realized that they were understaffed and it was just two employees working which is probably why the customer service was terrible. I ordered the food and it was good but if the bathrooms are that bad, I can only imagine how bad behind the counter it might possibly be. I hope they get their act together. Customer service is what keeps people coming back-anyone can make a decent sandwich.
5_star Amazing! The homemade pastrami and rye bread are to die for and the pierogi selection is just fantastic. The buffalo chicken pierogies are my personal favorite but I've never been disappointed with anything I've gotten there. Best Pierogis in Pittsburgh in my opinion. I'm really glad this place is right down the street from me. The only bad thing I have to say about Szmidts is that they aren't open on Sundays and I wish they were.
2_star This review is based on 3 separate visits to Fate. The beer was decent (not great but good enough) but the food is just very, very poor. Over 3 visits (ate at each one) one experience was mediocre (pizza came out OK, appetizers mediocre) and the other 2 the food was really just awful. I think they might need to be on Kitchen Nightmares.
2_star You order and they fill out something that looks like a tax form, hand you a metal rod with a number on it, take the tax form to another person behind the counter that makes your sandwich, they hand you the sandwich and you hand them the metal rod and go to the register. Anyone else seeing too many steps in this transaction? I'm pretty sure they are running some kind of practical joke show and airing it on some channel I'm unaware of. How else do you explain that insanity? Does Paradise Bakery own stock in carbon paper or something?
5_star I love this place! Whenever I can convince someone to get up early and eat some awesome biscuits and gravy, it is the best day ever! Seriously, I recommend the biscuits and gravy... plus the atmosphere is pretty neat. Kinda reminds me of a Grandma who hordes country decor lol.... they have great food though.
1_star BEWARE! If you pay for your food with a debit or credit card at Luciano's Bethel Park, watch your statement carefully. It is a shame that I am compelled to write this because Luciano's has some of our favorite pizza in the South Hills. However, I have now caught them processing my charge for more than what I wrote on the slip for the second time. Once is an "accident" but two times is a pattern. This is THEFT and I don't appreciate it. The amount was insignificant, but I had already tipped 20%. If you must patronize Luciano's I strongly suggest you pay with cash.
1_star frog legs were greasy and tasteless, not done. absolutely the worst we have ever had, and we eat them often in the midwest.
4_star A little pricey but the steaks are wonderful and the service top shelf. My filet was cooked perfect and the wine list is exceptional. This is my favorite place to eat steak in town but can only afford it on special occasions especially if I want a few sides which are priced extra.
4_star We moved down here from Flagstaff, so the first time I had Pita Jungle was up north. It was great food, but piss poor service up there. Occasionally we'd get sat and then the server or whoever would never show up... ever. When we got down here we found out there was a Pita Jungle down the street and we were a little apprehensive to go there due to a few bad experiences at another location. When we finally went, we had great service, and have returned quite a few times since. We try not to come here too often for fear of it getting old. The food is not always great, but still eatable. When it's not great, it's just a little bland (only thing keeping it from being a 5 star). The Chicken Curry Salad is hands down my favorite dish. I'm usually shocked by the portion sizes. I don't think I've ever had a small portion here. The Chicken Curry Salad and the Medchilada are HUGE. And that's not a complaint. They also have, hands down, the BEST hummus. Every server we've had here has been on point and speedy. I read a couple of other reviews about this location and I have retort: I don't care what my server is doing elsewhere in the restaurant as long as I get good service. If he/she is serving a table clear on the other side of the restaurant and my service doesn't suffer then I'm a happy camper. Part of the other reasons we keep returning to this location are the prices. Good size portion dishes are right at $10. Other places with similar dishes would be in the realm of $19-$23.
3_star Ordered take-out on a Friday night. Food was ready for pickup in 15 minutes. Great. Came home and literally tore into the bag to get to the food as I could not wait to have the Lemongrass Veggie Soup, Chicken Pad Thai, and Basil Tofu that I ordered. Unfortunately I found something to dislike about each dish. The soup was too sweet. The Basil Tofu...where were the freshly cooked basil leaves? And the Pad Thai...where were the fresh bean sprouts and ground peanuts and lime that I would get to mix into the noodles? I guess I'm used to the Thai food from Atlanta. For anyone who might find themselves in Atlanta and are looking for really delicious Thai food, try Thai of Norcross or Little Bangkok. In any case, I hope this post helps the Thai Room find a way to take the food up a notch because I would love to brag about an east end gem in my new neighborhood. What I can positively say is that the portions are generous and the price is reasonable.
3_star I finally decided to give this place a try. Even though I occasionally walked by the place after class, I couldn't find the urge to go in. When a 12 PM class ended earlier than planned, I went to Silver Mine Subs with a friend for lunch. The place seemed clean and the workers were friendly. I had the California Gulch on wheat and my friend had the Steam Engine. I paid about $8.00 for the large, which was said to be 11". The ingredients in general seemed fresher than other fast food restaurants but it could be my biased opinion. For the particular California Gulch, it included tuna salad, provolone, lettuce, tomato, and sprouts with the addition of banana peppers and jalepanos, The additional ingredients were free. I thought the tuna salad had too much sauce in it but the bread was soft and fluffy. The sandwich overall had a clean taste.
3_star Good food. Good service. Loud people. It was Sunday Night football in the bar area. The restaurant was not that busy and our waitress mostly stayed at the table next to us talking with another customer.
5_star This is our favorite burger place on the Westside. Great vegetarian burger and you build your own-- including sauces and fixins! Large beverage selection to accompany the great food and appetizers!
1_star This place is the worst if you want fast service. We been there 3 times and 3 times the service was super slow the first time we had to ask for a awaited and end up the manager took our order and took forever to get ketchup and mustard for our burgers.second time we had to wait again for a waiter to come around. Third time we wait about 5-7mins to be seated and left so if u want extra slow service go here we won't be back!
4_star Unique is all I can say. If you are ever looking for a one of a kind , special gift for yourself or someone close they will definitely have it here. Everything from dining ware that is gold rimmed ,delicate spoons and dishes to speciality linens. Oh I can't forget the fragrant soaps and candles. And then when your done shopping you can sit in the many cozy nooks with a hot chocolate ,inhale their delicious homemade empanadas and lick the plate clean of the churri sauce. This is such a beautiful quiet gem in Toronto. :)
5_star We recently discovered Crust. We went for the pizza and have returned for the dining experience. We dine out several times a week and this restaurant rises above the rest. The pizza is amazing but we keep returning for the appetizers, pastas, drinks and more. The desserts are worth saving room for! This establishment does everything right. The staff are professionals in service they have great intuition about your pace and overall epicurean adventure.
1_star The food was great, but the service was egregious. A cashier responded angrily towards me, when I politely asked her about specific ingredients on the menu; after speaking with a manager concerning the aforementioned, she defended the employee and explicated that she probably acted like that because a kitchen employee quit, which gave them an overwhelming amount of additional work: thus, justification to act unprofessionally to a regular customer, who spent thousands there. My family and I used to spend hundreds of dollars a month there but since have spent thousands at Whole Foods Market and decided to never shop there again.
3_star The atmosphere is really nice. Town Square is a great place to go for a night out. The food was so-so. I ordered the steak kabobs. It was served without the skewer, but there was no evidence the meat and veggies had seen a grill. The onions were raw and there was no chared flavor to the meat (no seasoning either). My companions ordered the shrimp and ribs plate and a grilled chicken with pasta. The pasta looked like the tastiest choice. I would come back again, but would definitely order something else.
4_star Very pleasant surprise. I had to meet someone nearby, and while I was waiting, decided to grab some lunch - saw Waldo's and thought I would give it a try. Food was great, service was surprising good - a couple of young men behind counter and in the back who where very well mannered and attentive. The food is served promptly, the restaurant is very clean, the service is great, the food is great, and the prices very competitive.
4_star Found this place because of Yelp and it certainly did not disappoint! When we got there the line was out the door (which said a lot cause it was freezing that day!) The line moved fairly quickly but even once inside there was still another line on the inside to wait for a table, the place was packed! The gajillion types of poutine were a welcome site on the menu! Everything was really good, the waitress was helpful, and the drink list was pretty solid (for Montreal that is). Everything was really good (including the corn dog)! The only two things I could point out that made it not a 100% 5-star review was that the fries seemed like they were just freezer fries, which with that kind of volume I can understand, they probably go through 75 lbs. of fries a day. And the place a pretty tight, was really hard to not be rude and hit someone with my jacket or scarf since it was the middle of winter. Other than those 2 minor things, I would 100% recommend to anyone visiting Montreal or anyone who lives there for some reason has not yet decided to go try this place! Definitely a must try!
3_star The closest you'll come to actual Boston Pizza on the West Coast. I would have given it more stars however the quality is variable. Sometimes you get a perfect Pizza sometimes you get not so great pizza.
3_star We were there with a group of 10 people with a reservation. The decor is dark with traditional Indian items. Playing in the background is what I assumed was traditional Indian music. Once we all got there, the waiter explained how the menu worked. We each ordered a main dish with a accompanying side. I had a lamb curry with rice. The lamb curry was very tasty with nice, bold flavors. The only complaint I have is that I wished I had more. Knowing this, I think next time I will order a main dish with a Thali instead. I also tasted some of my friend's butter chicken with naan. Once again, very flavorful, and their naan works so well with it. A bit pricey, but will make you wanting for more.
5_star I finally ordered a pizza and some side items from this place! It was delicious...great pizza (great cheese)....and love their ranch dressing. I wished the Irwin location had more of a seating area (like a restaurant/bar)...I think they would increase business that way! I would go their with family and friends if they did!
5_star I went here for a friend's graduation dinner. The seating area was filled. We had reservations and they were right on time. The service and level of professionalism was great. The menu is vegan friendly with a few delicious options. I tried a friend's baked eggplant dish and it was by far the best eggplant course I've ever had. Many people in my party ordered the lasagna and loved it. I ordered the pesto and was disappointed. The homemade noodles were good but the pesto didn't have the pop of basil I was hoping for. Despite the pesto sauce, the experience as a whole was great. I would definitely recommend this establishment.
5_star Wow. We just happened upon this restaurant--with the help of Yelp. What an amazing experience. The food, the ambience, the attentive staff were all wonderful. I loved the atmosphere--it was small, intimate and cozy. The food was amazing, sensitively handled, with subtle flavors that celebrated each dish. The staff were very attentive and easy to converse with. The chefs are to be congratulated! It was so apparent that they love to create unique experiences.
4_star Huge slices.... and they are QUICK! I know I can run in get a slice and a drink to go for only $5 and be in there about 6-7 min. I tried the garlic bread for the first time.... Ehh, it's ok. I go for the pizza, it's good for the price. I am not a fan of spicy food, but the hint of spice they have in the sauce is just perfect for me.
1_star Over the years the quality of food at this location has sadly deteriorated however the prices keep going up. Standing in line the cook came out with a tray of boiling water and poured over the gravy which was already watered down and began to mix the water in with the gravy. The Bo-taters was good I admit. However a single chicken thigh costing $3.69 +tax etc.. tasty yet very greasy. In the dining area the persistent flies attacking constantly from every direction. Will NOT go back. Sad I love Bogangles hope it is just this location.
3_star Spider roll - $11.99 This roll was bigger than expected and I was definitely full from it. I was impressed with the crispiness of the batter around the softshell crab. Service The service was good. We were given a complimentary pan fried salmon head which was unexpected and a nice touch.
4_star nice ambiance and the waiters are nice and their "small" poutine is pretty big the prices are good for the area
4_star This place is great if you want to try a variety of Peruvian food. My suggestion is to try the buffet and sample a little of everything and go back for what you like the best. thumbs up!!!
1_star Quite simply: Not a good burger. Forgive me, but I think if you're going to call yourself Gourmet Burger Co, your mainstay burger should be passable. I honestly don't remember the last time I had a 'tough' burger before today. Lots of little hard bits. Just not quality beef. The bun is sort of dry and the tomatoes are green. Staff was nice and salad was good (thankfully), but definitely not a repeat performance.
5_star Best new venue in the west!!!! Huge room. Great sound. Satisfying food. Pleasant staff. Can't wait to go back! Well worthwhile the 4+ hour drive from LA.
1_star Terrible.... food was really salty. Horrible service, I asked the waitress for some change she threw it on the table and it landed on the floor and she just walked away..... Totally rude!!!!! Would not come back!!!!
3_star Came here on a Thursday afternoon with a friend. It was a beautiful day and they have a relaxed patio. We had babies with us, too, and didn't get any dirty looks about having strollers on the patio. In fact, we didn't experience any of the problems with service that previous reviewers mentioned - service was fast, friendly, and pleasant. Beers were cold and delicious. My veggie burger with kimchi and blue cheese was great and the patty was clearly made in-house, and the bun to burger ratio was just right, which is a rare feat. I had the panko battered onion rings too and they were hot and yummy. Would definitely come back! I think it would be a fun place to come without babies and have a burger and multiple beers too.
1_star My friends and I checked into TI after traveling from Boston and JFK and we were STARVING so we decided to check out Kahunaville. The food wasn't bad but the service was TERRIBLE. Our server took forever (there were 3 tables filled where we were) and wasn't congenial at all. I ordered a peach iced tea and it was clear which kind of freaked me out. It tasted like syrup so I never ordered another one. While our server was hiding somewhere, we got asked by some staff if we were eating. We told them we ordered food but hadn't received it yet. They told us we had to move our seats to a different table because they were setting up a projector for something. Instead of grabbing us new silverware or at least telling us where to sit, they just told us to grab our stuff and move. The only time we got a smile was when the bill was dropped off. I'd stay at TI again, but I definitely wouldn't visit Kahunaville.
3_star My local pub. Popped in for dinner last Friday with the hubs and we had a very pleasant experience - as 3 stars goes, it was A-OK. We were seated right away (it was pretty quiet as we were rather early for a Friday night, maybe 6:30pm. They have very nice spacious booths that are great for a group or a twosome. Plenty of TVs for sports viewing potential. Server was very nice and quick, unfortunately my Steamwhistle was a bit flat but they have so many beers on tap I understand how it would be hard to keep them all fresh. I had fish and chips and they were quite good actually. Haddock was fried perfectly and it was super moist inside. I have to complain a bit on the house made tartar sauce though - there was no bite to it at all. I expect some briney caper/gherkin flavour to hit me right off the bat but it never came. Husband had the buffalo wings and they were perfectly standard. No complaints about Dog & Bear if you're wanting to catch a game and have some pub grub but it's nothing spectacular.
1_star Do Not Buy The Deep Dish Pizza. They RIP you off by giving you 2 inches of puff bread and a smear of toppings which you have to pay for extra cheese or its invisible.. really sad.
2_star Horrible experience. Having tried some of the other Little Italy restaurants, I figured I'd come here for some cheap pizza and italian appetizers. Walked out angry... Let me start out by saying that it's clear this place's specialty is pizza, and that's really what we wanted. Maybe it's a unspoken rule that you must order to-go and call ahead for the pizza, but that's definitely a well kept secret. So when we sat down to order pizza, she told us that "it would take too long" and asked us to order something Atmosphere: Not wanting to take out (only can afford / make it to Little Italy so often) we wanted to sit down in the dining room. We got lucky, because there's normally a long line down a crowded hallway, but they were able to sit us right down. Unfortunately they then sat down a table with numerous children pretty much right next to us, making enjoying the dinner hard. Food: Tasted like frozen food heated up. No non-red sauces for pasta. Pasta was watery. Bread was cold (?) Not so good. UPDATE ============ I finally got Mama Santa's pizza and I'm definitely feeling the place much more then I was after eating in. Delicious crust, a lot of cheese and pretty good sauce. Large Cheese = $6. Still, it's clear that this is a cheap option. Toppings are sparse when you add them and the sausage didn't taste great. Just get the cheese and deal with the fact that this place isn't anywhere as nice as the other places in Little Italy. Don't go for eat in.
4_star Originally tried at a food stand at Pride and have been meaning to visit the restaurant for a while. + delicious, organic meat + well rounded menu (employ different uses, flavours of meatballs) + fast service (aprox 10 mins from ordering to meatballs in hand) + most interesting, colourful side salad I've ever had - not a bargain _____________________________________________________ Original idea and well executed. A little bit on the pricey side, but the quality is there so I would definitely go back.
1_star Typically the server here is a whore that will be overly friendly and flirt with your husband while your trying to eat. Then see your husband at veganfest, like my husband gus. And flirt with him and hit on him in front of you. GUS isnt interested in you, more than that we both think it's disgusting that you conduct yourself in this manner with married men. Get some self respect. And no we will not be returning or buying anything more from foug's kitchen, sorry doug, hire a waitress with class.
3_star Bento box lunch - Grilled salmon I need to try the hot pot/fondue set next time. The bento box was okay, nothing too special. I loved the fruit the most because they were fresh and sweet. The salmon was pretty dry and seemed like it was cooked for a bit too long. The seaweed salad was abnormally green (food dye?), even the sesame seeds were green :/ Service was good though :)
4_star Zeffirino is pretty major. We only had about 30 minutes to eat before we had to catch The Lion King (which was also pretty major). Our server was speedy and lovely and authentically Italian, which is always appreciated having actual Italian people working at an Italian restaurant.
4_star Really good! We were taken back by the smaller food portions when it was delivered, but quickly put that behind us with the first bite! The quality food is much better than your typical chinese delivery places. The sesame chicken is legit. We are full and have plenty of leftovers. We will definitely order from them again.
3_star It's a hit or miss at this location. Sometimes the food is good and at others it's mediocre and the fish doesn't taste or smell fresh. I always get the all you can eat buffet and the food is ok for the low pricing. However they don't have the best sushi and the servers are rude and kind of throw your food on the table. The only time they speak to you is when they bring out the debit machine for you to pay and they put a fake smile on for a tip. I once overheard the server raise her voice with the customer at the table next to us because he left her a low tip.
3_star Disappointed with everything I got, very average Greek salad, very average gyros, and the spinach pie wasn't very good. I'm hoping it was bad because it was on Easter and maybe it was old or something. The guy was kinda pissy at the counter too. There is a place on Maryland across from the university that is way better.
4_star Ventured into this new business with my hubby. He wanted to support them because of their mission to employ female ex-offenders. Great mission! The owner served us and was extremely nice and engaging. Service was quick and the prices are more than fair. The food was tasty, it is safe to say that my hubby will return for more of this soul food.
2_star I have been twice, each time for a chili dog to go. It's an easy order, but the first time it took almost ten minutes, despite few customers, and the second time about half as long. Both times an employee asked what I was waiting for, and only then did they find my order. I was not the only person that waited, on each occasion, for an inordinate amount of time for an order. The first time a manager felt bad about how long I had been standing there and "comped" me some fries, which I threw away because they were soggy and just gross. The second time, despite ordering it to go, the chili dog came in a basket to eat "in". The chili dog had onions on it (nobody asked if I wanted onions) and the cashier was effectively hidden behind a stack of styrofoam cups. The chili dog was slightly better than a 7/11 product, but at almost triple the price and with a long wait. Another customer had a gyro, which looked appetizing, but I am not sure I will be back to try it. I was hoping for someplace where I could grab something to bring back to the office but it doesn't appear that this is the place. Huge space, with a small crowd (five or six employees or more, and approximately ten or fifteen guests). Until they improve how fast the food gets out, the crowd will dwindle even more.
2_star I had breakfast here even with the poor reviews because I had a free breakfast voucher. The service here was good, but the food was not. It came out so quickly that I am fairly certain it is precooked and just sitting under a heat lamp. Everything my wife and I ordered was lukewarm at best. The pancakes and potatoes were very dry, and the eggs benedict yolks were overcooked which again leads me to believe everything is under a heat lamp. Maybe I'll try the buffet or room service next time.
1_star I came for a birthday dinner party with about 15 people on Sat. night from 8:30-11 p.m. and we spent a good amount of money between shisha, dinner, and dessert. I am diabetic so I cannot drink any of their sugary unhealthy drinks on their menu so I asked for tap water to go with my dinner and the waitress said that it was the owner's policy not to serve tap water which is a basic human right. Instead, she offered me toxic plastic bottled water. I was apalled that in an expensive area like Oakville, would be so cheap that they can't even offer their customers tap water when they are spending good money for shisha, dinner, and dessert. The owner is nothing but money hungry who doesn't care if his reputation is tarnished to make $2 off 1 bottled water. He should be ashamed of himself.
3_star Good ambiance, but they have a small menu. Food, alcohol and dessert choices are limited. They only have browny and cheesecake as dessert. And the foods' tastes are not very wonderful, they are kind of heavy.
2_star Pros: Great ambiance Service was friendly and attentive Cons: Kettle one with soda - everyone knows that's soda water right??? not 7-up, gross. Salt, salt, salt....we ordered the halibut and the veal, but we couldn't tell the difference, all we could taste was salt. Two salty entrees, two cocktails, two salads = $130...ouch no thanks. I have four more days in this beautiful city, let's see what else I can find...
1_star I've been to Salted Lime on about 6 different occasions. I have always been seated promptly and the service is very attentive. I usually go early evening. Although the prices are decent, the food is always inconsistent. I would order the combination plate and one time it would be fresh and moist tasting. The rice would be exceptional. The next visit I would order the same combo and it would taste old and dried out. The rice would be hard to chew. As stated by other reviewers the chips and salsa are always consistently good. The other reasons for poor review include lack of any unique dishes that can't be found at a chain restaurant.
2_star Awful experience at normally reliable restaurant. Service was slow and inattentive. Food was overcooked, undercooked, or came out cold or soggy. Scallops were particularly bad-- texture was mushy like pre-frozen Costco fare. I will never do dinner there again. (Though I will be back for the lobster club at lunch. . .)
2_star Normally a good place with a variety of food and fun atmosphere but on 4/25/17 when six of us went in for lunch at 1:30 everything went wrong. With almost nobody there service was slow, took 15 minutes to get drinks, food a half an hour and then two orders were over cooked and three were wrong. They did comp us one meal that was inedible and gave us two desserts then we had to wait for spoons. Pretty much as bad as it could get.
4_star Un café à chat c'est vraiment sympa ! Le fait que ça soit vegan m'a un peu choqué au début mais en fait le cappuccino au lait d'amande était bon. Certes j'en boirai pas tous les jours mais une fois de temps en temps pourquoi pas ! C'est super cool de pouvoir caresser tous ces chats. Apparement on peut les adopter aussi.
4_star We really enjoyed the food, as expected, so I will base my rating of 4 stars on the food experience. If you're looking for inspiring cuisine, you simply can't go wrong here. However, my night was marred by the tall dark bearded waiter who was clearly trying to maximize our bill. He first told us emphatically that it's "impossible" to share any dishes as they are not conducive for sharing - we soon discovered that all dishes could be easily shared. Then, after recommending a more reasonably priced wine, he presents a more expensive alternative (I vividly recall seeing it at the bottom of the list), explaining this bottle would be more appropriate for the dishes we ordered. We left having really enjoyed our meal, but with this unfortunate taste in my mouth of being had. shame, really. Please don't let the above comments discourage you from visiting - just be on the lookout for that guy and hope his colleagues don't employ the same tactics.
2_star Maybe I was just unlucky the first time I went here, but I got teriyaki chicken and the california sushi roll when I was nearly starving, and I couldn't finish either. The chicken was overcooked and just tasted ... weird. The sushi roll had like a 10:1 ratio of rice to imitation crab meat. The only way I'll go back is if someone has a great recommendation for me to try there.
1_star They compute your tax after they add an automatic 18% service fee. The server brought me a wrong dish the first time. The meat in the burger is over-cooked. It tastes really bad.
1_star What a waste of time order was wrong uber eats was a waste of time once the order is wrong know one wants to help you don't waste your time with this place hated it and can't even get my order right what a joke
5_star Excellent burger - very good fries - decently priced! Blows away typical fast food options and does not charge you all that much more. On par or above more high end burger places in the area and does so on a much nicer budget. I'll be back, often!
5_star Pretty amazing place from top to bottom. Drinks were great too. We had visiting chefs from Bravo's so not sure how accurate this review is on regular biz days. Everything was fresh and the chips are great.
3_star Went on a Saturday for brunch. Thought the selection was great, but disappointed in the meats. Tried the Korean BBQ ribs, NewYork strip roast, pork belly - all were tough, chewy, salty. Eggs benedict and desserts were awesome. Might go back again for dinner - not fr brunc
3_star I got just the pork and beef cuts they were on par, the salads bar was really the high light, fresh delightful eye popping colors, was very impressed. The service was great very friendly. I would go back iv there were a groupon or some other type of discount.
3_star I met a friend here a couple months ago and got the Chicken Pad See Ew and it was ok, the sauce was kind of odd. The service was fantastic, though, really nice and very attentive. My friend got the Chicken Pad Thai, a classic, and she hardly touched it. Something about an issue with that sauce. I'm definitely going back, if for nothing else than the Thai Tea, but I'll have to try other dishes, even though it seems like these are the big two Thai food dishes that you'd hope would taste kind of standard and fresh at any Thai restaurant. Just enough space for power chairs/wheelchairs, but not very roomy at all.
4_star Came to this place my first night in Montreal with a group of friends and it was definitely a good pick. Our waiter was really cool and friendly. The food was well 4 out of 5. The meatballs were good but the arancino and antipasti plate were slightly underwhelming, but by no means bad. The main course, think it was penne with prosciutto more than made up for it. Only thing that was a negative was the front staff/manager? Even though we were a group of five and the restaurant was 85% empty, they were trying to sit us in a small table for four. Basically had to argue with the guy to get us a larger table. No reason for that.
3_star I've always had great service, except this afternoon 3-430pm .y husband and I shared the white cod fried fish which was very sub-par over done and baked potato not baked enough to softly mix but it was stiff, ready for potato salad. We mentioned to waitress but No interest , disappointed.
2_star Came here last Thurs. as we arrived for IMAZ. We had salad, pizza, wine, beer. Yummy! Four stars! We like it so much that we went back a week later, our last night in Tempe......the food was still good! The tall blonde bimbo server was another story. My daughter was a server so I am usually very nice and always tip 20%. We were seated, hardly got to open the menu and she asked if we were ready to order....no bimbo, we have not even looked yet! We ordered drinks, they took quite sometime to come. We ordered, the food came fairly quickly . Then, Bimbo asked my husband if he wanted another beer, he politely says, yes. About 10 minutes passes, no beer, by then my wine was gone. We finally got her attention after about 20minutes to order my 2nd glass do wine and remind Miss Smarty Shorts that hubby was still waiting on a beer! Ugh! Need I say more....oh yeah, 15% tip, only because my hubby is a nice guy! Careful folks!
3_star Came here for my birthday, had reservations and everything. Food was okay. My boyfriend seem to like his meal, KungPoa shrimp. Mine was alright, curry chicken which didn't woah me. Sushi was also pretty good. Overall for the food it was pretty good. I must say, very expensive sushi, meals, and drinks. Overall it was about 80 something dollars. +automatic tip + taxes. I believe my boyfriend said he spent $120 that night. One thing that got me upset was the fact that my table of people received all their food while I was the ONLY ONE that didn't received my meal. I just sat there drooling over everyone's food. I raised my hand for them to come and before I asked her anything she replied "Ma'am, they miss counted so It's coming". I told her alright because I didn't want my night to be ruined because it just started. But why wasn't I notified that there was a miss count and that I'll have to wait for my food? Why did I have to ask? How RUDE was that? They knew I was the birthday girl and didn't bother to tell me. The service there Second, my boyfriend who paid for the meals didn't tip the waitress because automatically the tip was charged from his card. The waitress decided to get a little attitude when he came back asking if he'd left his card around here. She rudely said "No. Go see the manager for it." The manager gave him his card back. What I hate the most is when waitress and waiters expect tip. I understand they work hard but your job is because you would love to serve us. If I see youre just hungry for money and act all ignorant towards me I will not tip you well. Third, my friend had told me a waitress at AZN lied to her saying that the restaurant was suppose to close at 9:30pm. I had reservations at 8pm and I even double checked on the website to make sure I wasn't going to mess with their closing time. Officially, they close 10pm. For some reason the waitress lied to my friend that they were closing soon and they were just waiting for us. Although they said it was fine and they'll just wait... I thought it was weird when I found out they had said this to my friend. They were trying to rush us and faking it out on a smile. They made it seem as if they didn't want us there. If I wanted to waste more money and deal with weird service I'll keep coming. But unfortunately, I won't be coming back.
1_star my god after trying this place once i decided to give it another go and the food here is fucking gross as hell damn shame.
5_star I've never been disappointed with Aloha Kitchen...well, other than showing up on a Monday ready for lunch and then remembering they are closed on Mondays. My personal favorite is the Mix 1 plate...lightly battered fried mild white fish, teriyaki chicken, rice and salad. Time to update the decor though, been the same for a couple decades now.
1_star Arrived at 9. Waited 15 min wile waiters passed us to seat us. Never seated us just left. Lazy service. Won't be going back.
2_star Pizza was pretty good once we got the right one. Price was right for the product given the tourist environment. The waitress was a hot mess. Ordered 3 beers and one coke. Got 2 beers and 1 coke. Asked about the other beer and got "yes, it's on it's way" as if the 3rd beer comes from a special place not near the other 2 beers. Ordered half pepperoni half sausage. Got half pepperoni half mushroom from a food runner. Said that was the wrong pizza. About 5 minutes later the waitress brought us the same wrong pizza. After another 20 or so minutes got the correct pizza. Never once asked if we wanted more drinks (there for over an hour), only saw the waitress to bring the pie and and check. The table behind us was ready to walk out after getting the wrong pizza 3 times, the manager came to their table and they stayed. Not sure if anything was offered to them. Manager never came to our table. I guess they are used to the wrong orders and that doesn't constitute a table visit. In general tourists locations in Vegas have crap service so this didn't surprise me.
1_star I mean, it's Steak 'n Shake, you don't expect much. But never order any of their seasoned fries, you will NOT get them. The last 3 times I've asked for salt and vinegar fries (including about 20 minutes ago) I just got regular fries. Might not be a big deal if that wasn't the whole reason I went there.
5_star Usually when you come back try something that you loved as a child, you find out that they changed or maybe that they weren't really so good in the first place. Danny's hoagies really were that good, and they still are! Since I was 5 years old - 5 decades now - Danny's oven baked Italian hoagies have been exactly the same. The meat & cheese topped hoagie roll is baked in a pizza oven until the bread is toasty, the cheese is melty, and the edges of the salami and ham are brown and crispy. Then they're topped with lettuce, tomato, onion, and Danny's special hoagie dressing. All the flavors and textures are in perfect harmony making the best Italian hoagie you'll ever have!
5_star For a guy from California, Wholey's is like a trip to europe. The Fish sandwiches are great -- we had the cod - deep fried -- WOW!! We spent an hour in the store - packed with people. One of our reunion friends (natives of Pittsburgh) told us the Strip District was a must see!! They were right! Lots of history there and Wholey's made the day.
5_star Best thai food I've had in Toronto (and yes, I've been to Sukho Thai, Pai, Khao San Road, etc.) I will definitely come back!
3_star Food was overpriced and very underwhelming. Don't get me wrong, it's not bad at all, just not great. At $17 for a bowl of ramen, I expected better. BUT, they do have $5 saka bombs, which is pretty awesome.
1_star Food is ok, but not worth waiting in a line 15 people deep. You would think they would figure out scheduling to get the line down during meal times. Also pretty skimpy on the servings unless it is lettuce!Long wait, terrible Parking, no time for this place.
3_star I was in the area and wanted to stop into this Chinese restaurant. Having lived for a few years in Asia, I wanted to get my fix for this yummy style of cooking. I ordered the shrimp and vegetable lunch special. It came with fried rice, vegetable soup, one spring roll, a crunchy Chinese finger food, and the shrimp & vegetables. The soup was good. It had a very light ginger taste to it that I enjoyed (don't really like ginger). The vegetable in the soup seemed to be Bok Choy and lettuce. As far as vegetarian Chinese soups go - this is standard fare. It would have been nice if the green parts of the Bok Choy was added into the soup to give it some more colour and texture. The lady behind the counter was nice. A couple of customers prior to me ordered take out and ate in the restaurant. In a nice but slightly firm tone of voice she explained why it's good to let the staff know if they decide to eat in. If I'm in the area again, I'll definitely stop by, and will be sure to specifically request no MSG because I think it's an ingredient in their dishes (tingly mouth/tongue post-meal).
2_star BUYER BEWARE: A group of us purchased Amazon Local deal for 50% off. Reads: Dinner Fresh Buffet and drinks...one would think that this means meat, salad bar, and an hour of cocktails. It does NOT! The party expected to pay tax and tip and a little extra for one surf-n-turf...bill was $400. We got charged $20 per person for the meats, which wasn't disclosed to us. Meats were okay, sausage was like kielbasa, chicken had bones, salad bar was rubbish. Go to one of the other top rated Brazilian bbq joints on Yelp and leave this place to it's false advertising and sub-par food.
3_star Just alright Indian food located in the basement of an office building on the east side (for real). Must be the scarcity of Indian food in Cleveland that made this place packed on a Friday evening at around 8:30, because the food was nothing special. I had my usual, the malai kofta, and my wife had her usual, mattar paneer, but found that both were a little too tomato-y for our liking. The samosas were fantastic and the duo of sauces they bring out (the seemingly traditional tamarind chutney and then the mint-cilantro-onion green sauce) were exceptional, especially the mint-cilantro-onion sauce. It was chunkier than most other Indian places I've been and had just the right mix of spice and coolness that I spread it on my garlic naan. Outside of the samosas and sauce, nothing really to write home about. The service, while pleasant, was painfully slow and we sat for between 15-20 minutes before the waitress came over to our table. We'll continue to look elsewhere in our new hometown for the go-to Indian place.
2_star I've been to Weezies once in the past and had a fantastic meal. Not sure what has changed in the past few years but my recent experience there leaves me not wanting to return. My parents were in town, visiting me for only the third time in the 13 years of me living here. We decided to check out the Distillery Christmas market and I decided that Weezies would be a good place to eat, rather than the tourist trap Distillery restaurants. We managed to get a table for 5, arrived, ordered some drinks and ordered an app and mains. App: beef tartar. Mains: 4 flat iron steaks and 1 hamburger. We waited about 30-40 minutes for the beef tartar (it's raw beef, what took so long?), finished it and thought our mains would be coming out right away. Wrong! We waited another 30 minutes for the steaks and burger. Was the restaurant busy? Yeah, but not crazy. And to top it all off, the portions of the steak were so small we all wondered if they ran out and some how managed to scrap these 4 plates together. All of this after my parents were talking about their last resto experience in which they waited forever, got very little, and paid out the arse for it. The irony was too much and it feels terrible when that happens. During our 60+ minute wait for food our wait staff didn't once address the time issue even though it was pretty obvious we were waiting a long time. I've been a server in the past and if I knew a table would be waiting long I would let them know and bring some bread. That didn't happen. The table beside us ordered just before us and were finished and out the door before we even received our mains. We joked about not getting out before midnight if we were to order some desert. I felt so bad that I chose to bring my parents there seeing that they NEVER come to Toronto. I thought showing them a nice neighborhood restaurant would be nice, rather than a chain that they would normally choose. I felt so bad I picked up the entire bill myself and took them back to my place to eat a proper meal. My dad was going to pay as a congratulations meal for my fiancé and me, but I could tell he couldn't bring himself to do it. One of my biggest per peeves is feeling completely ripped off in a restaurant, which is what happened here. It didn't bother me this much the night of, but after I woke up the next day having had a dream of the experience I realized it must have really bothered me, and I've decided that it did. I had a dream of the experience! And I rarely remember my dreams! The one saving grace was the food. It was good, and my mom thought her burger was good (the portion was fair), but it wasn't nearly good enough to look past the ridiculously long wait and ridiculously small portion size. I will not be returning nor recommending Weezies. Sorry.
3_star The food was tasty and attractively presented, but the preparation was incredibly slow. It took over 45 minutes for a half-dozen sushi to come out of the kitchen, and the restaurant was less than half full.
1_star The pizza was gross in my opinion. We ordered 2 16in cheese pizzas for carry out at the pick up window. After standing there for a good 8 or 9 mins someone acknowledged us. The pizza was just not good. Nothing about it was appetizing. The middle was soggy and the crust was soo crisp and crunchy it was inedible. My kids didn't even like it. The sauce was pastey and tasted off. It was overall just bad. We had a whole pie left over from 6 people. The pizza was even worse the next day, and we love cold left over pizza. We ended up just throwing it out. Won't be back to this pizza joint.
2_star I have been going to cafe rio for years, mainly in salt lake where it started. Love the food and my port burrito enchilada style with hot sauce was pretty good but the service was terrible. The young gal with the ray ban glasses thought it was more important I wipe off trays than it was to grab my food off the melter thing and ring me up. I'll come back, I just hope next time the employees treat me better and don't make it so obvious they're having a terrible day.
2_star Overpriced street food. What you end up paying for a gourmet hot dog is what you'd pay for good French, Indian or Italian food with decent service. The food is good but not great. The biggest problems: You serve yourself in this restaurant. This means getting up and looking for the right counter to place your order. Most irritating, the machine-like bus-girl tried to swipe our food/drinks from the table even though we hadn't finished (the glasses were half full!); nothing worse than an overzealous bus-person. Positives: The bread was good, freshly baked in fact, and the duck fries were also tasty. In an trendy place like this you expect to be served and tip for it. At Vwerst, you end up feeling like you need to tip but without the service. If you're jonesing for an upscale hotdog then this is for you but in the end all you're getting is meat, bread, and potatoes. Tasty but not a lot of selection. A bit pretentious and poorly thought out.
1_star These people will rip you off. I live next door and they will not honor the coupon they delivered to me. They have shorted my order more and more as their business is failing. Stay away from this place as there is much better pizza at a much better price than this available all over the neighborhood. This place will be for rent again in a few months.
5_star Lets just say, I live a good 25 minutes away, but try to visit this place at least once a week. ITS INCREDIBLE. I think I must have introduced about 11 or so people here who have also fallen in love with Soho as well. The quality of all your options are immaculanet, so whatever you order off the menu will be terrific. I would HIGHLY recommend anyone who is considering coming here, to go. You won't regret it. The only thing is that the space itself is kind of small, but I've always managed to find seats when I'm there.
2_star The one thing that I can't tolerate about restaurants that charge more than $40 per entree is BAD SERVICE. We waited an hour before our server, let's call her "B", came back so that we could order drinks. She never came back to ask us how our entrees were. And we never received any of the complimentary sweets that everyone on Yelp has raved about. All of this would have been fine except that we left her a "mandatory" $80+ tip. I think that the bad service on our server's part can be partially attributed to automatic tip and partially because we came towards the end of the night. Realizing that servers and busboys make most of their livelihood from tips, we decided pay the 20% tip and not punish the busboys, who were very prompt and polite, never letting our water glasses go below half empty. I did go talk to the manager to let him know that the service at his restaurant was less than perfect. When I did, he shrugged and said, "Thanks for telling us." He didn't offer us any kind of compensation OR even note which table we were sitting at and who our server was. With management like that, it is no wonder that the so many people have criticized the service as lackluster. The food was pretty good--the pappardelle bolognese was delicious, but the pasta was a little too al dente, and the veal chop was juicy, flavorful, and all-around amazing. The gnocchi tasted like an overly firm polenta. Overall, I think the food is pretty good, but I would tell people not to go to B&B because of the bad service.
4_star Just got back from a very tasty brunch at Wallace & co. Had a nice americano and a traditional breakfast. Portions were good and the waits weren't too bad. Service could have been more attentive, but all in all a great meal. Would eat there again. Nice spot considering there aren't many others in the close vicinity.
2_star Rather disappointed. Not by the beer selection...that is fantastic. But the service? Well now that was lacking. We sat down at one of the several open tables and it took about 10 minutes for the first waitress to tell us she'd be right back. About another 10 minutes pass and a second waitress brings is coasters. Eventually the first waitress came back and we finally ordered drinks; and that's where we stopped. Because at the pace of service here, we wouldn't get any food till next. Maybe we'll try this again...but sheesh.
4_star First time at the peninsula china bistro. Walls were a little dirty and tables were not very clean. But getting past that the food was very good. Sauces seemed to be homemade not from a jar. Very pleasant experience. Service was very good. It was a week night so it wasn't very crowded. Yes I would go back again
5_star Great Sub's and Friendly Atmosphere Stopped in to Streets of New York on Union Hills in Sun City for carry out (first time visit) and was immediately greeted and made to feel like a regular by John Collins. John explained the menu and daily sub special and I ordered 3 Little Italy Beef sub's...John provided the estimated waiting time for my take out and when I said I would wait he offered up a seat at the bar and suggested a good local beer. As I waited, John checked on me and actually brought out a couple of tasty breadsticks and dipping sauce on-the-house. Great service that made it feel like a local hang out instead of a chain. Everyone back home loved the sub's...sure wish I could have stayed for another beer to enjoy the friendly atmosphere there.
4_star The veggie bean burger here is delicious! The spicy fries are pretty yummy as well. The only drawback is that this place does get pricey at times. I have easily spent 14 dollars on a salad here before. Though, the food is that good that I keep coming back.
5_star Had this quite a while ago. The fried chicken was really good and came with what seemed like an endless mound of fries... We also ordered a sandwhich which was WAAAY better than what I expected it to be. The people working there were also very friendly!
4_star Amazing steak and other food, but be prepared for a slight bit of wallet shock. I made reservations at CUT back in May while visiting LV, but due to an unfortunate bout of illness (DO NOT EAT DUCK FRIED RICE FROM THE BELLAGIO POKER ROOM) that required hospitalization, I was forced to give my reservations to my friends. The next day, visiting me in the hospital, they raved about the quality of the steaks, being from overseas. I knew that next time I was in Las Vegas, I would need to go. What luck that several weeks later my boyfriend did extremely well in a WSOP event, and we returned to Las Vegas and made another reservation at CUT for mid June. We were seated a booth with a leather tables and service was quick and prompt. We knew we wanted steak, but my boyfriend and I have very different tastes in wine, so the sommelier came over to help us with the (very) awkward iPad wine list. She helped us pick just the right wine that met our desires. After ordering our wine, we got down to business. For appetizers, we had the Kobe sashimi and the Roasted Beets with goat cheese. They actually balanced quite nicely, as we knew we had a lot of meat ahead of us. For our main courses, I chose the American Wagyu filet, normally 6 oz, and added an extra 2 oz for extra. I love Kobe filet for it's melting butter like quality, and this cut was no exception. It was cooked perfectly (medium rare) and it was the quality and taste I would expect for a $130 steak. My boyfriend chose the New York Sirloin tasting that consisted of the dry aged American sirloin, American Wagyu, and NZ Wagyu. He ordered it rare and it came slightly over rare (which is acceptable, because these cuts were THICK) and they were epic. Just meaty and buttery at the same time. My steak-loving boyfriend was in heaven. For sides, we had the mac & cheese, and spring peas with bacon. To be honest, we didn't eat much of those as we focused primarily on the steak, but both were good - also rich and bacony! After some excessive meat consumption, I saw a souffle float by to another table. I had to dig deep down, but I never regretted the chocolate souffle. It was rich but airy at the same time. I didn't even look at the other desserts, but it was one of the best I've had. The small little cookies and tarts were a nice little treat we had wrapped up to-go that went nicely with our coffee for breakfast the next morning. The service was extremely attentive and water refills/bread requests came quickly and discretely. (Yes, the bread was that good too). My one disappointment is the overall atmosphere. The overly slick design and mirrors everywhere made me feel like I was in an HGTV show instead of a restaurant. When I think steakhouse, I think a little more comfortable and a little less "sleek." That said, I also deplored the amount of people taking pictures...man people, don't use flash in a restaurant, I like to eat my food without blinding. If you're so consumed by where you are, please avoid me at all costs. Overall, I recommend CUT if you have money to splurge but you'll be sure to enjoy your meal.
2_star I wouldn't eat at this location again. It was majorly disappointing. Food was really not up to par.
5_star Me and the wifey really like this place. Good macaroni salad and BBQ spare ribs. People that work there seem friendly. They need to get the drain problem fixed. Sometimes there's a clogged drain smell.
5_star Went for dinner Saturday night. Sat on the patio. The atmosphere was definitely high end and romantic. We had the kale salad, duck confit meatballs and the seared scallops. And for dessert, the caramel upside down apple pie. It was all delicious. I will definitely go again and look forward to it.
1_star The food was all over priced and took forever. We were at the table for 45 minutes before the chef came over. The manager told our server to clean a table before getting our drinks after we ordered them. Terrible service. Will not be going back
3_star Upon arriving in an extremely cold 34 degrees day in Las Vegas, my sister-in-law, brought us here to eat lunch. After waiting for about 10-15 minutes in line, we were finally seated and allowed to explore and eat our hearts out. Knowing how carbs can quickly fill me up, I went straight for the good ol' BBQ protein and meat section (only because they did not serve crab legs for lunch). I got their chicken, ribs, kielbasa sausage and prime rib. It was OK at best. After that first plate, I went to the fried stuff, hush puppies, onion rings and other fried foods that I can't even remember. After scarfing my second food of plate, I decided to take a break and assess how much more food I can take. After a few minutes, I decided to take a stroll to the lines of food one last time. I wanted to try some pastas and Italian foods but it looked so messy that I resisted the urge. Their Asian food section had the traditional westernized Asian food so I stayed away from them as well, I decided to take some cocktail shrimps which were surprisingly good, but not great. Finally, I went to get my main meal of the day:desserts. I got the tiramisu and cookies and cream gelato, and some other sweet treats which, again, was OK. The only other thing I thought was good was that my drink was always filled every time I came back from getting another plate of food. I'm really glad that my expectations with buffets wasn't that high because this place was OK at best. Thus the 3 star rating...
1_star Just no. Line was long but had the longest wait when we got to the front. The host was also being very unprofessional. Yes, it was hot but fanning yourself when all you're doing is telling the waiters how many people are in a party ... They have a big selection of food but everything was eh. Seems like they add sooooooooooooo much salt into everything :/ also, their "gelato" do not taste like gelato. Not even froyo or ice cream. It tasted like cold melting milk ... Bleh , was very disappointed.
5_star Amazing sushi at a good price. They have affordable lunch specials and a small, quiet environment. The service is slow, but the quality of food makes up for it. Will definitely dine here on a regular basis.
2_star Food was ok, overpriced for burgers. BUT I'm giving 2 stars because of the service staff. Service staff at the counter was surly and unhappy. I had to repeat myself a couple of times as she stared at me blankly when I ordered. My order for a couple of burgers, drink and pie took a long time. And I had to check my order, ask for sauce, ask for plastic utensils. I'm on holiday, so was in a positive mood, so I thought nah, maybe it's just me. But as I was waiting for my order to be ready, I noticed her snarling at other customers as well. I'm not asking for the best service ever, but is it too hard to just give minimal service without the surliness?
2_star i cant bash this place since i am persian, but it really needs some help. they need to be on kitchen nightmares with gordan ramsey haha. i liked the food, it wasnt how my dad and his friends make but its still pretty decent
5_star Make sure to stop by this place if you're craving Japanese Tapas. You won't be disappointed. Try the Kara Age!
2_star Went for lunch today. Sat at the bar with my friend. We were planning on a few drinks and long spaced out courses. Instead our first course and main were rushed. Almost arriving at the same time. We split a Cuban sandwich which the meat seemed old. The grilled artichoke appetizer was very good. My friend's wine was old as well. Guess Monday is not a great day to visit.
2_star The shrimp enchiladas were good but the service is marginal at best. They have a great attitude and are friendly but not very attentive. Waiting to pay for 15 minutes. And they still have not come by. Good thing is we had the patio to ourselves. I would give it another try if we are in the area just to see if it was a fluke.
2_star My dinner was good but my friend's dinner (salmon pasta) was salty. The food came pretty fast. But the Waiter aka "Fabio" was arrogant. The service we received from him was not expected from a King Street restaurant. He should consider working at Pizza Pizza. I won't be coming here again.
1_star This place is AWFUL. It's disgusting inside and needs newer things rather than their beat down mismatching furniture. They promote untrue things and try to make the smoothies seem healthy when it's just puree in a bottle with a lot more not so healthy Ingredients in it. The iced tea is always sour and gross who knows how long they let it sit in those big containers. There is always a new girl at the window who has no idea what she's talking about. The service takes forever!! All in all I will NEVER be back to this dump of a place. Go to Starbucks or Jamba juice for the money you have to pay for the garbage here!!
1_star It would be nice if Yelp and the business would update their information. Google mapped a pizza place nearby, went there to find it doesn't exist. Location is now 30 minutes away. Terrible way to move locations and not tell anyone.
2_star The customer service was great. I entered and was offered samples of the proteins. I enjoyed all of them. I picked the pork in a burrito. I got home and dug in. Then I was sadly disappointed. The pork did not have the same flavor. The rice was soggy and not fresh. I didn't finish it. I will not return.
5_star This place is by far the best yet cheap sushi place that Im totally in love with. Their service is decent but their food is the grand prize , my fiancé and I went out last night and ate so much and totally was under 30. The only sushi place that i would go to and get my fix :D
5_star Came here with 8 other girls for a friend's birthday. Needless to say, we tried pretty much everything on the menu - and was VERY PLEASED! Our server, Matt, was also extremely attentive, funny and quick! The service overall here was very quick - even though we had 9 girls, we were out of there easily in 1.5 hours. Some of my favorites however include (but note, there really wasn't anything that I disliked): * hamachi with jalapenos - SO refreshing & crisp! (small portion) * crab/lobster lettuce wrap * flatbreads - both the artichoke & the bacon/egg were delicious * bacon wrapped dates All in (including tax & tip), ended up being $60 / person (this is excluding alcohol). They also have various wine flights (4) available ranging from $15-25.
4_star I'm a fan! Acacia Cafe has won my Sunday morning breakfast-eating heart. I love the the fresh fluffy omelets...light and tasty with fresh crisp veggies and light, nutty, buttered-to-perfection toast that is lined with sunflower and pumpkin seeds...mmmm mmmm. I'm not sure if the packaged jelly's on the table are their own but they sure taste like it, not too sweet like most commercial types. I've also had their sandwiches & salads and you cannot go wrong with those either. This place is a must visit if you want a yummy, fresh meal at a decent price. The service can be a bit flaky, but I'm willing to overlook as long as the food keeps coming out hot, fresh and yummy. Beware, if you sit inside you may smell like breakfast all day...might be okay if you like that sort of thing. :)
3_star Really liked our server but found the food was a bit of a miss. At least for 3 out of our party of 5. Not bad but wont likey be back.
4_star Decent quality sushi, but we're in it for the beef cup, a cup full of steamed rice, veggies and most importantly braised teryaki beef. It's good and in a huge enough portion to split two way. Perfect for a cheep take out or on the run lunch, although during lunch hour, sushi lovers can get surprisingly busy, I mean it's so crowded, you can barely fit in. So without the crowd it's zippy but with, it's nauseatingly slow. Still pretty awesome though. Sushi Lovers top 3: 1) beef cup 2) glass noodle 3) surprisingly awesome ramen
1_star Omg. So. Bad. It took 20 mins to order and that wasn't standing in line. That was the actual ordering time because the new employee kept messing it up. I felt bad for her because every time she'd call someone over for help, they would help for 2 seconds then walk away. Then they brought out maybe half the things we ordered. I won't be back.
1_star Don't go here! Ok, the beer is good and we enjoyed the pretzel. A well done burger was bright red. Perch was muddy and way too much batter and air. The fries were soggy and resting in grease. The management was great and very accommodating, but there are too many great places on a Friday night to spend time here. Cooking a burgers or fries is not a high bar...
2_star I really wanted to like this place. It has a very hip ambiance, no doubt. In the end, the quality of the food is just not that great. It fell below the expectations I had based on the vibe and decor. The quality of the food, the ingredients used, reminded me of what is normally served in cafeterias. In the end, as much as Scramble is a cool place, I have to choose food over the look.
2_star Overrated. The place is very small maybe 4-5 tables. The service was not that good, not personable. The parking is horrendous. To top it off the food wasnt that great. The sweet home alabama was not what I expected. Not much flavor in the different pasta dishes. Sad!
4_star Friday night we two arrived without reservation. Hostess showed us to table in back of restaurant. Noticed empty booth and asked if we could sit there. Walked back to hostess at front and advised yes we could, then shown to booth. Weak start to a good meal. Restaurant noisy though not full. Once seated water promptly brought but without requested lemon. Lemon brought in wedges on plate at second request. OK bread with two spreads. Server and assistant introduced themselves, though runners brought food. All friendly but never certain who was serving us. Started with excellent wedge salad. Asked to shared and brought on two plates. Good blue cheese dressing and crisp lettuce. My entree was a huge, delicious pork chop, cooked perfect medium. Great flavor and taste. Companions petite 6 oz filet cooked to requested rare plus but a tad over seasoned. Served with small amount of good potatoes with cheese. Separate order of outstanding onion rings; ample serving. Asparagus were grilled and would have preferred steam as flavor lacking. Table well manicured and servers attentive. Service fine but flawed. Steaks and chops are what one goes to Flemings for and they are great.
5_star The food was awesome. Do I really need to say more than that? OK, so since my family is all about take-out lately, I can't review the restaurant's atmosphere, or wait service, but strictly reviewing the food it was a little plate of heaven. Well, make that a big plate. I ordered the Chicken Sag and Spinach Nan (Yeah, I'm a big spinach fan). The Sag had the wonderfully creamy, soothing taste I was hoping for. That dish is my comfort food. The Nan was freshly baked and piping hot. My husband had the Lamb Vindaloo and Aloo Paratha. The Aloo was slightly underseasoned for me, and my husband always orders things "hot," so the Vindaloo was good, but too pungent for my taste. Not for the faint of heart. The flavor was right on, though. All the food had the complex and earthy Indian spice combination that I've never been able to recreate at home, but love so much. I'm so jazzed about this place. They're a little out of the way. I would have driven right by them if I hadn't known that they're set back off of the road behind another business (sorry can't recall which one). If you like Indian cuisine definitely go give Mantra Masala a try. Let's keep these guys in business!
3_star Maybe 3.5 stars. I'm not impressed by the texture (crepes) of their crepe cake Cuz I've tasted a few "thousand-layer cakes" elsewhere. It's just not as elaborate as I thought. And one small piece is a bit pricy considering the quality. But the taste is ok. Their crepe dessert (wrap) with cream, ice cream and fruit is more economical.
5_star Outstanding!!!!!!!!! The group of 17 traveling from Philadelphia to toronto visited this great place. Most of us born in US but of Polish decent, wanted to try this Polish restaurant. I, an experience restaurant manager , know what a great management can do to be on the top. We visited on saturday at 3 Pm. The place was packed solid. The service made it so easy to sit us at two tables and suggested that we would not even think about being separated once the first dish hits the table. Indeeeeedddddd. The soups were fantastic. The liver dish and schnitzel was one of the best I ever had. The presentation and taste. I ended up trying 6 different plates because all of us were telling others " you have to try this and that, its great, " I felt bed we had no room for desert, because the size of each plate was huge. At the end came our bill and we were shocked to pay ONLY 294 for 17 of us. THANK YOU ALL SO MUCH.
5_star I arrived at Phoenix Sky Harbor looking for a good cup of coffee and discovered Miss Jessica knew how to create a signature drink with half the sugar. She was pleasant and fun to talk to. Knowledgeable employees are always a credit to your business. I will make sure to revisit this location again. I recommend your shop when traveling to, from, or through Phoenix. Thank you and know you have a good employee in Miss Jessica. John Kitto
1_star Since 1989 I've probably eaten at the Courtyard about 100 times. This past Friday was the last. My mother-in-law was in town and we decided to go to the Courtyard for dinner. She ordered the lasagna and was mortified to find a wadded-up piece of plastic wrap in the lasagna. It was wadded up into about the size of a small french fry and soaked in red sauce. She chewed it before pulling it out and unwrapping to discover what it was. This turned a nice evening into a sickening experience. The waitress idiotically acted as if we had made up the story. The manager comp'd my mother-in-law's entreé but never even came over to apologize. That specific manager (big guy with glasses] has seen me there dozens of times. To assume that I was making this up is ludicrous and insulting. I'm usually very tolerant of little mistakes at restaurants. This one and the restaurant staff's response to it was unforgivable. I would discourage anyone from ever going to this place.
3_star Excellent dog, good fries and drink selection. But at $25 for lunch I can sit down at any number of great places downtown. Can get the basic dog, fries and a pop for $20. Would be 4 stars if the price was better. I'll be back when I'm in the mood for a bacon (pork belly) dog :)
2_star Boyfriend and I are both vegetarians and were super pumped about the menu - and the beer selection. But the terrible service kind of killed our buzz. Cool atmosphere, but really, truly bad service. We waited over an hour for our food, and then found out the order was never put in... then when they finally brought it out, it was the wrong thing. I so wanted this to be a great experience. I'm sure it's better when it's not so busy - at least I hope.
3_star Stopped by for some hearty food. Was fairly good, but a little put off by the lack of gloves coupled with the chef rubbing his nose and the cashier going from money to food prep.
2_star We liked the mellow casino and three dollar black jack. The room was dirty. Radom stains on the walls,and bed skirt. Our tv is out dated and the screen kept turning red while we were watching tv. No coffee cups for our coffee. When we'd come back to our room it smelled like skunk/weed. Restaurant breakfast was dry and bland for what we paid.
2_star We came to Cluny's for brunch and was slightly disappointed in the food given the cost. The decor and ambience is really nice though, it is very unique and very elegant. From the floor to the ceiling, there was always something interesting that would catch your eyes. Overall, 2/5 due to the food but will not mind coming back again to see if it's better the next time around. AMBIENCE [4/5] Very elegant and classy. Everything is laid out very nicely inside the dining area. Definitely a unique feel inside with the beautiful floor and ceiling and distinct tableware. The music that was playing in the background didn't match with the feel of the restaurant though. SERVICE [3/5] Waitress was friendly but was not very attentive to our table. She was preoccupied with the table next to ours most of the time. FOOD [2/5] Fresh Baked Bread - FREE This was probably the best dish that we had. Portions were generous and the bread was very fresh. French Onion Soup - $16 Disappointed that the French onion soup was not hot when it arrived at our table. It was just warm. In hindsight, we probably should have asked the waitress to take it back. It was not overly salty like typical French onion soup but was nothing special as well. 2 Poached Egg Benedict with Crab Hollandaise - $17 Disappointed that the dish came out with the English muffin burnt! For the price of this, I expect more attention to detail. This dish wasn't bad nor was it particularly spectacular. It was just average in terms of taste.
1_star Poor service, waited in line, had been skipped because the guy wrote the wrong number and received no apology; poor food quality, very salty, the beef and turnip casserole has mostly turnip and very few pieces of beef; Pre-charged service fee?? Do they know they have poor service and are afraid people will not tip?
2_star Subway is like any other fast food restaurant, but come on? This location doesn't even have a trace of customer service or care. I have come to this location in the ballpark of 40 or 50 times and this last visit was the worst. The girl making my sandwich was sick and sniffling all over the place. Talk about disgusting. Call out would ya. She also didn't say more than 15 words while she made the sandwich. Makes things extremely uncomfortable. I'll be taking my business elsewhere.
5_star Everything is great I go here at least once a week! I love the spring rolls and the prices are great
4_star Came here for dinner with a hungry teenager. The bento boxes offers a a good variety of sushi, sashimi, gyoza, tempura, kalbi. Everyone enjoyed the sushi and sashimi. Overall: good quality for the price that you pay. I would come back again!
3_star I tried the College Ramen and I wish I would have stepped outside my comfort zone more and tried something new! The food was good. The waiter seemed like he had no idea what was going on but he was nice enough. It was really just alright and not a place I will make a point to visit again.
4_star Not bad, food was good and would definitely go back. A huge fan of BBQ chicken and they sure did delivered. Oh and the Mac & Cheese, yumm...
4_star I went there for lunch a week after their opening and thought the food was amazing. You get 6 pierogis and can do half orders if you want to try a few different ones. I got the deep fried Reuben and the pulled pork and they were both really amazing. The only downfall to the place is that it's going to cost $14-16 for 6 pierogis but you'll be full enough when you leave.
2_star I would rather go to "Dumpling House Restaurant" down the street, the food is better and much cheaper there. Reviewed during: Mon - Fri Lunch time Service Speed: 3 / 5 Cooking speed: 3 / 5 Food Quality: 3 / 5 Food Quantity: 4 / 5 Price: 3 / 5 Cleanness: 4 / 5 Repeat: NO
5_star BEST FOOD EVER!!!! Their chicken w/ broccoli is to die for. A bit of a hole in the wall tho...
4_star I liked this place. Would I go back? maybe. To many choices to just go to one place in Vegas. The scallops were very good and the seared tuna salad was OK. Problem is I have had amazing seared ahi tuna salad so my judgment was probably impaired. For the price I was very happy, in this town especially on the strip you pay too much for crap. If you wondering were to go and you near go ahead and mozy on in you wont be disappointed.
2_star La nourriture y est bonne mais 1h30 d'attente entre la commande et le service font que je n'y retournerai probablement pas.
1_star Food is awful. Fish tacos are so soggy and the fish was really cranned tasting. The actual restaurant is is nice, bar is good.
1_star This was our first experience with Thai Emerald. My wife and I both ordered Pad Thai to go and it was pretty average. It didn't have much flavor, it seemed like they forgot to toss in some spices. On top of the average Pad Thai, we were charged a tip that we did not add on ourselves! Our total was $27 (and some change) and a few days later when our debit card processed, the total here was $30! Like I said, we picked this food up to go, we did not eat inside. Needless to say we will not be returning to Thai Emerald. ******update - We went back to Thai Emerald and they were helpful and very apologetic. They refunded the $3 and offered us a gift card as well (we declined). We believe it was an honest mistake.
3_star I like the Herb Box but I don't find myself dying to go back. Their food is good, but the service isn't as friendly as their small space and atmosphere suggests. Their brunch is a definite highlight, besides the decor and cool location.
3_star Was as I expected it, not bad by any means but did not leave me strongly desiring a return trip. Fair value and good overall appearance/cleanliness etc. Just not raving about it.
5_star Reasonable prices and very good food! We had the 1/4 chicken (Nr.4) that comes with fries. and salad, we also had a chicken sandwich with salad (Nr.5). We paid 17$ and very stuffed afterwards. The salad had a very decent and delicious dressing. The chicken already has a smoky taste and can be ordered with a slightly spicy sauce. Afterwards be ordered a Pastel de Nata and we can say that it tastes exactly like in Portugal. Nice place!
2_star I don't recommend. The food was disgusting and service was very slow.
3_star Out of the several of these LCP's that I have visited this one is ok, the pizza was cooked well, ample ingredients, a good amount of sauce but you could tell it was put together too quickly, not uniform consistency with the ingredients like cheese and toppings, but for $5.54 it was hot, it was ready, and it was ok. Staff was friendly and they worked quick. Other locations take their time and get it right like Valle Verde in Henderson, but this Silverado location wasn't bad .
4_star Crab Cakes are the best! A little expensive but worth it. Customer service was very good. Good selection of wine and crafted beer.
5_star Great service; interesting and delicious menu; enjoyable ambiance. Kudos to server Gigi and manager Linda! We are from out-of-state, here to visit our daughter, and have eaten at this establishment 4 times in 8 days. To me, this represents a great recommendation. We'll definitely return the next time we visit Gilbert, AZ.
1_star My boyfriend and I stopped in here for dinner. First we went to the bar directly off of the casino, where we waited about 5 minutes and were not acknowledged once. We figured maybe we would have better luck getting a table. We stood in line at the hostess center, where there was one party of about 6 ahead of us. I'm not sure what was going on, there was a lot of back and forth between the party(who I don't think spoke great English) and the hostess, but we waited our turn for 5 minutes or so, while doing so the line behind us grew even longer of people waiting. At no point did the hostess even look up at any of use, and since the party of 6 was still in front of us, we waited. From the other door a couple walked up around the waiting party, and asked the hostess about seating, and she put them down!!! UMMM Excuse me??? You have a line of people waiting honey, why don't you try looking up! Needless to say we left, plenty of other choices in Vegas, although I think it's important to point out, we looked in the windows after leaving, and there were plenty of open tables. REALLY?
4_star Quick lunch time service. Got the pesto fettuccine with chicken. The pasta was well cooked and sauced. Their tiramisu was also very good.
4_star I think Ray's offers the best pizza in N Scottsdale. It's still not the perfect, floppy, gooey New York style pizza, but close as you're going to get. I do think they are a bit pricey for what they offer, but it's never been bad. The atmosphere is not fancy, just a super casual, order at the register pizza joint. My favorite is their monster with all the toppings, substituting Jalapeno's for the green peppers to give it a bit of kick.
2_star If I was giving a review on how nice these people are I would give them 50 stars. However, the food is so bad and people must know it because it was EMPTY. The waitresses hovered and was annoying. I was asked twice if everything was okay as if she knew it was bad. Sign número uno that the sushi is bad...the fish is wrapped in Saran Wrap so it can last day after day. Not fresh, just cheap. So sad for this place.
1_star Got a slice of red velvet strawberry shortcake and another slice from a different cake for take out... their price jacked up and I thought okay that's fine..their cakes are pretty good.. only to find that when I opened the box, the strawberry cake was so tiny it could be eaten in three bites... Worse yet is finding a small bug crawling inside the leaf of the cardboard box.... Overall: 2 small cuts of cake for 10 dollars and a live bug. I used to come here often and like the quality of their desserts. Very dissapointed and I'm never coming back.
1_star Worst service ever. I asked for beer and idli. Beer never came( even after multiple requests) and idli went to some other table and i was suggested to adjust with some one else's order as they had too many guests :/ when i complained to the manager i got a straight face sorry..this is definetly not the place where i will go again.
3_star Went here tonight by accident, we were looking for a steakhouse that closed down nearby and discovered Don Pedros. The atmosphere is fun and party like. Service is good. The food is fresh but taste is just acceptable. We had the mixed seafood platter and gaucamole. The salt content of everything is high and the margarita was way way overpriced and not good. This is not going to be my go to place for good Mexican food, only for dining in a fun atmosphere. My go to places for food will be on North Tryon or even On the Border is better. But I think this place did a great job of decorating and creating a good social and relaxed atmosphere. Definitely worth checking out for the atmosphere and service, food just happens to be available as well.
3_star Customer service and speed of order were great! Tzatziki Sauce is nowhere near authentic, was a bit too sour with no real taste of cucumber. Meat was slightly dry but oily??? Fries were good! I would give it one more try just to see if today was an off day but believe the Tzatziki sauce is what it is, poor at best.
4_star We had a great experience here! The inside of the restaurant is clean, and the staff was really working hard to keep it that way--one lady was dusting the blinds while we were there. How often do restaurants bother? The food was a great price and wonderfully flavored and cooked. We are not familiar with Vietnamese food but really enjoyed our experience here with dumpling appetizers, seafood pho, and a mixed rice entree. We'll be back!
3_star We have tried Ambar India's lunch buffet a couple of times and the dinner buffet once. Both are similar. And, overall, the food isn't bad per se but it's not in the same league as Indian restaurants in Chicago. In fact, Bombay Indian Grill on First Street, Champaign had better ambiance and a superior buffet selection at about the same price but it closed down, leaving Ambar the only Indian buffet in town. Food's hit or miss here. Chicken pakora starter isn't always part of the spread but it tastes good. Tikka masala's perfectly fine but the tough and almost flavorless tandoori chicken's nothing to write home about. Ditto for lamb curry, which was essentially chewy meat in a generic brown sauce. Naan bread's always lukewarm. However, the bhatura bread they had as part of a rather nice Mother's Day buffet spread a couple of years ago, although very calorific, wasn't bad at all. Unfortunately, the same cannot be said for some of the other rotating items. "Hara bhara kabob" was drenched in a disturbing green food color--and, on top of that, had little flavor to speak of. Chilli chicken was inexcusably bad. Plain rice's alright. Other rice dishes usually are not. Their chicken biryani might as well have been called generic yellow rice, lacking as it did the complex spices and rich flavors of a quintessential Indian dish that any Indian restaurant worth its salt should know how to make!
3_star It is the oldest Korean restaurant in Toronto, if not in Canada. My dad remembers coming here in the early 70's... Most of the foods are fairly good. They recently raised the price by ~$3 per dish. So that'a my beef. Hahaha. Service is hit and miss. When the so is there, he actually does a good job of waiting on tables...
4_star I've been a solid customer here for the last couple of years and have to say they have some of the best bubble tea hands down. They use *real* ingredients, not powder to flavour their teas. When you order a mango bbt, you can actually taste real mango juice blended into the beverage. I've also eaten here a couple times and usually go for the food combos as ordering a drink and a separate food dish can be a bit pricey. I would highly recommend the fish and noodles combo, they put some delicious spice on the fried fish and provide a yummy mustard for dipping. The staff have always been hit or miss, I find they sometimes ignore you and you literally have to wave them down to gain their attention. It's ok, its the bubble tea that matters in the end!
1_star Poor service. Food was nothing special. I don't plan on going back.
2_star The food was ok, but the service was terrible! Our check was $57, but we were charged $68 on our credit card. When we asked why, we were told that the server forgot to add couple items we did order. I think the server should had let us know prior to charging our card. 10 minutes after we signed the credit card slip, we were asked to leave since other guests were waiting for our table. There are many sushi places around the Valley, so small places like Goyemon Sushi House should appreciate business and treat guests more kindly.
2_star Have driven by this place several times and finally decided to give it a try. Got a hamburger with cheese, clive style toppings with jalapenos and onion. Quite honestly I've had better burgers, was expecting a juicy burger but the patty was thin and well blah. Did order fries though and must admit it was the best part of the meal. Also ordered a chocolate milkshake, it was good but not good enough to be $5 bucks.
5_star We went here for a belated Valentine's dinner. It was fantastic. Parking was a pain, but we eventually found a spot. They seated us immediately (we had reservations) and our server was very attentive. They immediately brought out bread (delish) and water. Not long after, our wine arrived. Speaking of wine, don't be scared when you see the wine list...I didn't see any wines by the glass, only bottles, so I simply told the server what I wanted, and there it was! I had the tagliatelle (sp?) pasta with wild mushrooms. SO good. I'm a big fan of earthy tasty yumminess, and this hit the spot. Why can't I do this at home?? Oh, and the soup... divine! The special was potato and leek soup. Perfectly smooth, must have been strained several times to get it this smooth. Very comforting. Hubby had the mac & cheese for an ap...YUM! That Vermont cheddar is just too good! He had the pork chop for his entree, and I will never be able to make pork chops at home again. Oh well! He thoroughly enjoyed it. For dessert we had the Iron Chef apples, which were perfect. We were pretty full by this point, but these three adorable little tasty apples were just the right finishing touch. The second best part of our night (the food was first, of course) was meeting Mark Tarbell! I tried not to act like a fool, but I watched him on Iron Chef, so it was cool to meet him! He was very friendly, very down to earth, and seemed genuinely concerned about our experience. He was walking around to all the tables...great chef! So for a nice night out, you can't beat this place. Enjoy!
4_star I first heard about this place from Cleveland Magazine's 2010 edition that focused on Cleveland's best diners. We decided to check it out on a Saturday morning at about 10 a.m. The address is on Lorain, but consider parking on a side street to avoid the metered spaces out in front of the restaurant. We parked on the north side of Lorain, because it seemed to be a slightly better neighborhood than on the south side, and only had to walk a quarter of a block to the front door. We were lucky when we got there, because there was just one open table and it was a two-top. Actually there seemed to be a charmed quality to the morning, because the place was continually full, but it seemed like every time a party walked in, one of the tables would finish up and leave ... no one ever seemed to wait more than 2-3 minutes before they got a table. The ambiance of the place was interesting. As for the decor, it looked a little schizophrenic. One side of the restaurant is sort of an industrial-80s homage, while the other side is a neo-graffiti mural of a Japanese-style monster attacking Cleveland. It almost seemed like there were two owners who each got to choose the decoration for their side of the room. The crowd was incredibly diverse for Cleveland. There were a few families with kids, while at another table there were a group of bikers, and at another was a table of gentlemen of three different ethnicities. It was a mix of different races, economic groups, ages, and social statuses. The service was pretty quick. We had a very attentive waitress who welcomed us and informed us that the restaurant had been in the newspaper that morning, and told us that she'd bring us the article to read. We found this charming, although we didn't really care so much about reading the review. The menu is extensive and the prices are surprisingly low. We took advantage of the the economical options to try out a few extra dishes. I ordered the "Three Eggs with Two Sausage patties, hashbrowns andtoast" for only $4. I also ordered a side of three pancakes FOR $3.50. My partner got the "buiscuits and gravy" which came with three eggs, and hashbrowns, for $5. He also got a side of corned beef hash for $2.50. Overall the food was just fine; it's exactly what you expect from breakfast food at a diner. My critique is that nothing was extraordinary. The eggs were done very well. Mine were scrambled, and were fluffy, without being too moist or too dry. My partner had his over easy, and they were perfection. The pancakes were light and very hot, which made them perfect for soaking up the butter. There were a few minor disappointments though. The hashbrowns were mushy, without any real crust to them. I think they were frozen potato strips that were kept on the griddle for too long without enough oil to make them crisp. The gravy for the biscuits was a little underwhelming, and may have come ready made. The corned beef hash also seemed like it was from a can. Again, it tasted okay, but these are simple dishes that can be done easily and well from scratch. I mentioned before that the waitress was very attentive; unfortunately, the kitchen was a somewhat slow. Despite the delay, the waitress did an amazing job of keeping our coffee full, and letting us know about where things stood in the kitchen. While we would have liked our food about 10 minutes sooner than we got it, the customer service more than made up for the delay, and she waitress could hardy have done a better job of making sure we knew we had not been forgotten. Overall we really enjoyed our meal and will definitely be back.
5_star While they only have 10 items on the menu, the ones I tried are one of the tastiest noodles I've ever had. Staff is attentive as well and decor is simple but sweet.
1_star Philly's? More like Yankees!? You suck, real bad. Worse than than the phillies. Even one of the bartenders were routing for the douche bags. If you're a Philly fan go to upper deck and stay far away from this NY hang out! Boo to you sir and I only wish I could give you -100!!! Thank god I didn't eat a cheesesteak!
4_star Came here for brunch on a Friday morning and sat on the patio. Very relaxing and food was good. I had the French toast with fruit and a side of sausage. Their farm sausage was cooked perfectly.
4_star We have only been to red for lunch and the two rolls for under $10 lunch special. We usually sit at the sushi bar and enjoy watching the chefs work. The rolls are universally good and the service is also good. If you like sushi and are in downtown Madison, you need to stop at Red. I recommend giving the shrimp tempura roll a try when you stop in.
5_star This was the second time we've Ming Fu, this time for some birthday celebrations. The atmosphere continues to be energetic and upscale. Comfortable seats, good prices, great food. How can you go wrong? We ordered the chicken in lettuce and fried shrimp as appetizers. I loved the sauce on lettuce wrap! Comes as four and the three of us fought for the last one! We had the seafood fried rice, Hunan chicken, and the Dragon Phoenix (my favorite on this visit). Great combinations especially as we are family style eaters! We will definitely be coming again! And a surprise dessert at the end to help celebrate the birthdays!
2_star Second time here. Staff always super nice and great service. Generous with the drinks and cold beers are great. The food however.. Long story short, it was horrendous. Would never eat here again, but would def have some drinks before boarding the plane.
3_star I'm starting off the new year with my first official review of a Korean restaurant which fittingly is Ka Chi's newest location (they have 3 now). Several years ago, I went to a Korean restaurant with a group of friends somewhere on Bloor St W. near Christie Pits (the name and exact location escapes me). That was close to 10 years ago and no one really knew what to order so our experience was slightly disappointing and I didn't go back again thinking Koreans only ate spicy cabbage (known as kimchi but spelling can be kimchee or gimchi but what the heck, just say it and everyone knows what it is). Tip of the day: if you want a better first time eating experience when dining at a new food place that has a foreign menu, bring someone who knows what to order :) A few years ago, my friend who is non-Asian (Ok he's white as snow and I'm just trying to be politically correct - screw it) moved and lived in Korea for 3 years. Upon returning, we met up and he took me to Ka Chi on Bloor St. It was my introduction to the bibimbap dish and it was yummy. Since that positive experience, I tend to order the hot stone pot bibimbap dish every time we eat at a Korean restaurant. The Ka Chi on Bloor was my first experience at their restaurant. The dish was excellent as I chose the thinly sliced beef (chicken, pork and vegan were also available), comes in a very hot stone pot with rice plus veggies, then topped off with an egg and reasonably priced (I recall being $8-9). The service was mediocre but my friend did mention not to expect top notch service but i would give them 4 stars overall at that time (haven't been back so perhaps their ratings have changed?). Place was quite busy considering it was a Saturday at 3pm in the afternoon but a bit far from my normal stomping grounds so I haven't been back since. Later in the winter, we heard they had opened a new location closer to me in Chinatown/Kensington on St. Andrew St. I took my friends there and introduced them to bibimbap. My second experience was a tad disappointing as they didn't even fill the stone pot half way with food. I seem to recall my initial experience being better. Service was again average so my rating drops a notch to 3 stars. I have since found several places which offers better quality, value and service so I've been avoiding Ka Chi ever since. A couple of days ago my friend wanted to go and told me they opened another new location in Chinatown a few months ago on Dundas St. W. (I think it used to be a Japanese restaurant called Shima). I mentioned that I preferred other places but he said their pork bone soup was great so we went to try it out. I wasn't in the mood for soup so I opted for the bibimbap... I should have gone for the soup. The bibimbap was again not very good value with only half a bowl but it was ok tasting. Next time I'll definitely try the soup. Not sure why they got 2 locations in Chinatown cos I didn't know we Chinese folk liked Korean food so much?? If I had to choose between Chinese or Korean restaurant, I would select Chinese as there is a much wider selection of dishes on a typical menu. Overall, another 3 star rating again for service, food and decor is nothing fancy.
1_star Didn't get to try the food, still waiting on my ice water with 2 servers and 3 other tables in the restaurant...menu looked cool, wanted to try the appetizer sampler and one of the delicious burger selection, but 25 mins after being sat on a slow morning, we got up and left. Ciao:-)
1_star went two nights ago. Upcharge for Martini was $2.00 for Smirnoff bringing it to $8.00. Salmon was the salty side of the Great Salt Lake or the Dead Sea. Worst we have ever had despite the manager saying it was the best. Green chile was good but again salty. My wift threw up upon getting home. Will not return. The $15.00 coupon was not worth it.
4_star Ginko is quickly becoming one of my favorite happy-hour spots in the 'mont. The restaurant serves the best sushi I've had in Cleveland, and has a very cool, fun vibe. If you want to try the sushi, but save some money, definitely go for happy hour - 4:30-6:30 M-F. Tuna and salmon rolls are $5, beer and cocktails are half off, and a carafe of sake is just $4. My only complaint, as other reviewers have noted, is that most of the seating is along a curved bar. While this is fine if you're just 2 or 3, sitting against the bar is not ideal for more than a few people - something to keep in mind if you go with a larger group.
3_star Was not what I expected at all. Good portions and lots of chicken but it was like having a wet pita wrap. If I ever go back I know what to ask for to make it better. Ask them to go easy on the sauce. But if you're looking for a filling chicken wrap and not a shwarma you'll enjoy.
2_star When I enjoy the appetizers more than my entree, and have to wait a substantial amount of time between appetizers to my entree I think there is a problem. I usually don't like to rate bad, but personally I didn't enjoy my dinner. It seems like a great place to nibble and drink mostly.
4_star After reading many rave reviews of this restaurant, I convinced some friends to come with me for dinner. Overall I think Fat Pasha lived up to its hype, but I'm not sure if I would name it the best new restaurant in Toronto... The good - the roasted cauliflower, fattoush, truffle hummus and falafel were all fantastic. They were not only flavourful, but they offered a wide variety of contrast in terms of texture and flavour. The bad - unfortunately the ribeye for me was quite underwhelming as the quality of meat was extremely poor. The med-rare steak was difficult to cut and - as I feared - it was quite chewy. Also, while I would rather have underdone scallops than overdone scallops, I thought the seared scallops that we had were on the verge of being raw. I would come again and probably go for the smaller plates over the larger ones as I seemed to enjoy the dishes under "Eat Something" far more than the larger meat plates. Food - 8/10 Service - 8.5/10 Atmosphere - 8.5/10 Value - 8/10 Overall - 8/10
5_star The food is exactly what you pay for, so no complaints. The service is outstanding. Perfect for someone who wants to go out but is on a budget. I'm a repeat customer.
2_star Decent place with nice deco but the noodle soup is too too too salty, even for Chinese visitors. My friend guesses that maybe the owner is Japanese and goes with Ramen style.
5_star WOW!!! Enjoyed EVERYTHING from appetizers to desserts. Could not have had better service from Autumn and Chris... Even Executive Chef Paco checked on us to see if we enjoyed everything. Family friendly. HIGHLY RECOMMEND!
1_star Went there for breakfast while staying at the hotel, was a buffet which our server should be able to handle...over the course of the meal, she did not pick up a single used plate or bowl - I ended up having to take them to the kitchen. She happened to see me at the door of the kitchen entrance and took them from me there. You would think she would get the hint, but after that still did not pick up a dish or ask other staff. She was very quick though to bring the bill without asking and charging my 5 year old although 5 and under are no charge. Finally I asked for a takeout cup of coffee, but left after 10 minutes without one because she never returned. Save your time and either order in room or head elsewhere for breakfast.
4_star The food is delicious. Service... eh. My parents had made a reservation for us (on a Wednesday night) and we were sat at a high-top bar table? The dining area was wide open, so my mom wasn't exactly ecstatic about it. The staff can be a bit rude (stuck up). At our table we had basil rolls, fried wontons, red curry duck, basil chicken, volcano shrimp and the Pad Thai. The Pad Thai was by far my favorite, we will come back simply for that dish. We also had a pear martini which was delicious and unique. Overall our dinner was great, but the "experience" not so much.
2_star This is your typical average chinese restaurant. Low quality ingredients creating ehh food, but it's not the worst chinese food. If you're looking for a quick lunch place downtown, they get five stars. But the Subway next door would be better.
3_star If you're looking for a fancy, upscale venue, this is not for you. You are literally sitting in the basement, with no special decor. But if you just want a large variety of food at a cheap price, this place is a pretty good deal. We came here with the Buffet of Buffets pass and it was our first stop for a late dinner. Our favorites were the crab legs, sole stuffed with crab, lamb skewers, lamb tangine, and the macarons. There were a ton of other stations to chose from, but the seafood and middle eastern stations looked the freshest.
1_star Worst restaurant of the trip, hands down. Loved the decor, but service was obnoxiously slow, and the food was no better than bland. We tried the tasting menu, and besides getting the order wrong, (I can only think it was my husband's accent meeting the server's accent and causing a train wreck) the food just wasn't enjoyable. I got the tacos el carbon, but all I could taste was the tortilla. I didn't like the Sangria but my husband did, but the drinks were watered down. Worse, my husband ordered a second Sangria and the glass was double the size of the glasses we received the first go-round, when the drink was a part of a fixed price menu. Count me extremely non-impressed.
5_star Delicious. The apple fritters are amazing. Best pancakes (besides my dad's), and really good burgers. Garlic fries are wonderful. Everything is great here. They are a part of my birthday trifecta, with $10 towards your meal on your birthday! I've been going here for years and I always bring out of towners here.
1_star Horrible exprience! Husband was kicked out for smoking his e cig when a bouncer saw him. he had been puffing it all night in the vip room and no one said anything. told him he needed to get his f****** s***out of there then called him a faggot. I got a little mouthy with the bouncers. They assulted me knocked me down and actually broke my foot! I have the medical records to prove it! this night turned out to be a nightmare!!!! Hate this place...bouncers are out of control!!! Never Again!
4_star Ordered from OrderIt.ca. Food arrived within 40 minutes of order. Made our own rice and ordered two apps and three mains. Everything was to die for. Rich, just the right amount of spice, perfect temperature. Everything was just what the doctor ordered. Even swayed a sceptic who was weary of Indian food. Will for sure order again. (a bit on the pricey side though).
3_star I found the burger to be good, but nothing remarkable. It's definitely above average but for all the hype I had been hearing about B Spot I guess I expected more. It's pretty pricey for being counter service as well. Burger, fries and soda were $19. Not bad but nothing I feel I absolutely need to ever try again.
2_star Maybe it's great as a bar, but we were there to eat. (On a weeknight, the bar was packed with dressed up after-work types but the tables were empty.) The burger menu was interesting at first, until we realized most of the burgers are basically the same with one or two combinations of house items (like candied bacon, etc) swapped in or our to make "new" items. So while the list of burgers appears long, they are all more or less the same. If this one burger is your perfect burger, great, but it just wasn't mine. My fries were dry and covered with what seemed like grocery store powdered parmesan, which I didn't care for. It was everywhere, and there was no tapping it off. The burger meat was just okay, the mayo on the bottom was so generous it kept blooping all over the plate, and the mushrooms on top were so dry and tough I couldn't chew them--my teeth literally couldn't cut the stems. Yuck. I also wasn't a fan of the ambiance at large--massive flat screens on maximum brightness blasted flashing music videos to the dated hits that were playing a bit too loud, and that's just a little too much for me to relax and enjoy a meal.
2_star Used to be great fast service but not today. Less than 7 tables filled but waiting 10+ minutes for initial drinks and now 20 with no food or server in sight. Now I know why the Thirsty lion is more busy.
1_star i really wanted to love this restaurant but there were too many mistakes. the foie was amazing and that was pretty much it. unfortunately the rest of the food was so disapointing. first the duck was raw, not rare but seriously red and bloody and cold. when i asked if it was okay to eat hoping they would change it, the server said it was supposed to be this way. fine. i'll just pick around it. the fries were seriously inedible not only did it taste like a salt lick but it was super spicy. thankfully they admitted fault and took it off the check. lastly my husband ordered medium for his steak and it was also cold and bloody in the inside. when it was taken back to our surprise we received the same steak with the knife cut in the middle all the did was put it back in the oven! usually a place of this caliber would at least give us a new steak! so by giving us the same steak with a cut in the middle and blasting it in the oven it dried it out. a restaurang of this calibre would usually just give us a new steak. we were so offended that we just asked for our check and leave. the sever and the manager acknowledged their mistakes but did nothing to rectify the situation. there are just so many great restaurants in vegas so i would not recommend this one.
5_star White Chocolate was hands down is my most favorite dinner ever and restaurant now! Suzie and the gentleman helping her were amazing I forgot his name I feel bad, food was amazing. my boyfriend and I had the Arizona egg rolls for a starter they were mouthwatering ahh With freshly squeezed lemonade. (Which I drank lile 500 of) I also had the New York strip cooked perfect with mushrooms and gravy with garlic mashed potatoes and the honey grilled carrots. I THINK I died and went to heaven. It was wonderful and also had the Banana cream vanilla pie for desert. Forgive me if I didn't say the names right. Then I realized I was in heaven. That pie was the best pie I've ever had in my life. I love white chocolate I can't wait to be back. My boyfriend said his hat was off to the chefs and to the staff great team work and thank you to the awesome staff for making my birthday!!!
1_star I don't like to leave bad reviews, so much so that this is my first one. I was looking for a late night meal and decided to check it out and therefore seated myself at the bar. A bartender leaving his shift informed that the other bartender at the bar would take over. After placing my order I never received help again. I motioned for the other bartender several times and was ignored each and every time. I could maybe understand if the bar was incredibly slammed and the bartender was all alone, but there were at the most 9 people at the bar who were mostly just drinking. After getting her attention, I politely asked for a manager. She disappeared for 5 minutes and told me my entire meal was covered. I sincerely appreciated that, but would've ordered more food and perhaps another drink if I only just had service. Finally I would've left a healthy tip. Aside from the service, the food was slightly above average as were the drinks. Even if the service was excellent, I more than likely wouldn't have returned based on the food alone.
2_star it really wasnt anything speical. Service was really bad compare to other hot pot places nearby
4_star This place.... Looks like a hole in the wall when you walking by and nothing big when you walk in either. BUT and i mean a BIG BUT, you order the Shawarma, potatoes with garlic sauce on'em and your in heaven. I've had the grape leaves and they are delicious. For a quick meal or wanting something good and consistent to eat this is a the place, because they're open late, the is great, and you know you wont be disappointed.
3_star The night I went (a Sunday night) was packed with young trendies. The food was not bad, especially the Phoenix roll, but don't go there expecting authentic sushi preparation. The prices were moderate. The best thing was the beer selection. I also had a very pleasant waitress who took the time to explain the food selections. Overall, a good place to go.
3_star Nice restaurant along Detroit in Lakewood. As far as nearby options, this is one of the better ones. Plenty of offerings for all palettes and appetites. I tried the calamari small plate and the Burger. The fries were very good! The meat was high caliber, hand crafted patties on a brioche bun. Picketed red onions, white cheddar and bacon top it off. They change the menu with the season, so it's worth a follow up visit. Good for any occasion, large or small group, fine or casual. The servers were awkward. They were attentive and got the job done, but they were a little off.
4_star The burgers were INCREDIBLE (we got the farm house and the chanterrell mushroom), a great blend of flavors and the server was more than helpful with pairing recommendations (beer/burgers). The servings are a nice size so you may not need an app and fries (although both the onion rings and truffle fries were AMAZING) it was definitely too much food for us. Service fell off after we received our food and no follow up was made until the check was brought to us.
5_star The food is hot&fresh &delicious&they are friendly &they have boba!!!even lunch special comes with a soda!!!
2_star Came here with a party of 8. The place has a very modern look to it, not really what I expected a country club to look like. I ordered the wagyu steak and found it to be overwhelmingly salty. Everyone in our group that ordered steak was disappointed. Those who ordered the lobster found it to be quite good. The side of mashed potatoes was good, but small. I also got a side of mushrooms which was pretty decent. For $150/person I expected a lot more.
2_star We were really disappointed here. It took 70 minutes from checking in to getting our entree - 10 minutes of that was waiting in the bar. The salad (organic greens) took forever to be served. My husband's filet was tasteless - we've had better from Costco. My scallops were very good, but were served cold. When we left, no one said thank you or goodbye Save your $$ and go elsewhere.
2_star The food was pretty average. The place was rather dimly lit. The establishment itself wasn't very clean. The floors were sticky, especially near the soda machines. Not sure what else to say, except I guess at wee hours of the night, it's a familiar place to go.
3_star Overpriced drinks and food, but the best place to go for shows. If it wasn't for the concerts, I would have no desire to come back.
5_star My husband and I like to come here for happy hour -- not for the drinks but $7.50 burger and $7 "frank-n-stein (substituting a soda for the beer). We came tonight, Friday, July 8, at 5:30 and found the place almost packed! By 6:00 people were waiting for a table or sitting outside. With misters running (and plenty of TVs), it must have been pretty pleasant. There was a wide age-range of people so it was welcoming regardless of one's age.
1_star Went and sat at two open seats at the bar. One of the managers came over after we ordered a drink and said "can't you obviously see these seats are taken". Very rude. We moved to a different seat at the bar. The bartenders apologized profusely and bought us a round of drinks. No one ended up sitting at these "reserved seats at the bar" so the bartenders moved us back. The bar staff was phenomenal. Manager was a complete tool. Let me know when you let him go and we'll be back for drinks.
3_star DONT ORDER ONLINE. It doesn't work. I ordered, put my card detail in, got a Confirmation email and an hour 10 mins later the food still wasn't here. I called and they said the online order system has never worked and the guy who built the website took the money and ran....in fairness they did get the food here quickly after I then ordered by phone and it was really awesome.
2_star After hearing a friend talk about this place like it's coffee was gold, I decided to check it out. I've been to 3 Roots at least four times and this is what I've confirmed (+ positive, - negative, -/+ neutral): -/+ Service is a 50/50. Some baristas are awesome, some I'd like to slap back into reality. - Prices suck. At 3 Roots I tried the pita/veggie plate and it was definitely not worth the nine bucks. A few slices of carrots, broccoli and celery, a dab of hummus and a stale pita. Gross. + Vanilla latte. At least they know how to make the most generic latte in the world. - I once tried their Irish cream. I will never again ask for anything that sounds fancy.
4_star Boy did we score tonight, we belong to Ruffino's rewards club. We received an e-mail with their summer special menu starting Sunday,as reward members they let us come tonight for the special.We shared an appetizer the quantity and quality that we always get, we had a salad, a main entree and we shared a desert.All that for $37.95. The last time we were there it cost me $100 for basically the same items. The special runs Sunday- Thursday thru September, I know my wife and I are going back.
1_star The food here is a joke. Sausage & minced pork rice with egg: rice was way over cooked, mince pork tasted nothing but soy sauce, egg was burnt on one side, vegetable look and tasted like left over from 2 days ago coming straight out of fridge. Creamy Pork Soup with noodle: No care was put into the making of this dish. The starch on the pork were very uneven, some pieces have more starch than pork. Bubble tea: nothing special...
4_star If u are looking for a great pizza place with fresh ingredients, great hospitality, very positive atmosphere, then this is the place for you. I had the meateaters pizza that's comes with pepperoni and meatballs but I substituted for bacon, sausage and pepperoni with roasted garlic, and it was delicious. Depending on bomber of customers, the pizza prep may take a little time but cooks very fast, less than 3mins. Also try the blood orange lemonade was really good, I would recommend this restaurant to anyone.
1_star This is probably the worst check e cheeses I've ever been to. Staff was very poorly trained with little to no ability to handle minimal tasks. On top of that the staff were extremely rude!, slamming the toy my son picked out for my son on the counter and screaming at a coworker saying " ugh you take care of hen I'm done" have some class. I know I'm talking about Chuck E. Cheese's but still. Recommending that no one go here.
5_star One word.....AMAZING!!!! This place far exceeded expectations. To start, the waitstaff was incredible, courteous, attentive, and knowledgable of the5 menu and wine list. For 2 of us, We started with the 60g cheese course, paired with chenin blanc. All locally sourced cheeses and enough that we could each have a satiable portion and truly enjoy each cheese. They offer wines by the half and whole glaseses, so you can easily pair wines with your course selection. From there, we moved on to the braised leeks with truffle and duck confit with arugula. Both were out of this world, wonderfully balanced, and again perfectly portioned. The waitress brought us multiple samples of wines to taste to find the perfect pairing. For entrees, we had the half lobster,and the veal with manchego. Both beautifully cooked and presented. This was one of the best restaurants, meals,culinary experience ive had in a long time. I would highly recommend to anyone eating out in montreal.
4_star I've only heard fantastic things about HOP so my friends and I celebrated a birthday here. Friday night is definitely super busy; the 4 of us waited about an hour for our table, but we didn't mind.... beer helps :D. They definitely have an amazing selection of beers on tap and a great variety of wines. We were finally seated in the upstairs seating area (there's 4 tables for groups of 4-5 there) and got our orders taken fairly quickly. Food came a little slowly, but it didn't bother us. We ordered our own dishes and sampled around the table. The BBQ Pull Pork Sandwich was deliciously saucey...a little on the sweet and salty side, but with the bread it was fine. The side of fries it came with was just a fantastically huge artery-clogging portion. The Steak and Wild Mushroom Pie had the perfect crust but I found the filling much too salty. I did like the mash and veggies it came with.. but it wasn't the best I've had. I liked the Tortiere pie better. The meat filling had more spices and the jalepeno chutney had a sweetness that balanced the salty filling. Service was good and waiters were friendly. They were a little slow (even after most customers had left), but I enjoyed it enough to come back. 5 stars minus 1 for the salt monster that invaded my pie.
2_star Yay the morning rush! No, there's barely anyone here and no cars coming through, yet the couple of us that are waiting have been waiting for over 10 min. It's called fast food. The place didn't smell too clean and the floor definitely wasn't. It was the 8 a.m. hour. The cashier and the manager were both scooping tater tots and handling people's food without gloves. Straight from the register to open food and back. Yuck.
3_star My wife and I dined at Aquavina last night. It was good but not exceptional. She had the crab cake appetizer which was quite good. I had the wedge salad which was uninspired and the tuna entry which I liked a lot and which came with Forbidden Rice, a new dish for me. The rolls were not hot. The service was not warm and fuzzy. It was very businesslike, acceptable but not the type service that makes you ready for a return visit.
1_star This place is consistently disappointing. Live in area and been several times. Today they were out of taco shells and ice tea because as the cashier tell me, the manager forgot to order. Chips where to salty to eat and were chewy, not crispy. They keep the inside temperature ridiculously cold. It is actually more comfortable to eat outside. I love chipotle, but this location is disappointing.
3_star Well first time there. Wife and I went art walk and then saw La Bocca, peaked in and said let's give it a try. Our greeter couldn't have mustered up a smile if her life depended on it. The atmosphere was interesting, large bar but a bit noisy. A common complaint of mine...maybe I'm getting old but I do not understand why music needs to be a part of so many eating establishments. I digress. Our waiter was friendly and attentive...solid. we ordered a cheese plate to share as an appetizer. It was large with 3 fairly small cheese wedges and the rest was bread and crackers. Both the bread/crackers and the cheese were very good however. At $14 for way to much bread and crackers and to little cheese...i don't think so. We them split a garden pizza. It was tastey but a little to much crust for my taste. I think La Bocca has great potential but changes need to be made before I would go back. Poor management?
3_star When I drop $150 on a meal for 2 people, I expect something very near perfection otherwise I'm disappointed. Don't get me wrong, the food was good (filet and lamb chops), but I really just don't understand the cost. I like the craftsman style structure of the restaurant and the intimate feel. The service was descent, but nothing really to write home about. I can easily say I will not go here again unless someone else is paying. There are too many excellent, reasonably priced restaurants in Charlotte for me to want to re-vist the Fig Tree.
3_star Red 8 is a nice Asian restaurant inside Encore however the food is okay. Nothing I'll go crazy about since my palate loves authentic Chinese food. Ambiance is gorgeous, service is friendly yet can improve for the better, price is ridiculous but what does one expect inside Encore.
3_star This is a service review only. My date chose this restaurant because they have the beer he enjoys. We arrived for our dinner reservation about 25 minutes early. I had requested a booth. They seated us at booth "41". After about a 20 minute wait and nobody acknowledging us, or taking our drink order, we flagged down a waiter. He said it was not his area but he would take our drink order. A few minutes later our beers arrived. My date's beer was the wrong color, so he knew it was not what he ordered. We again flagged down who we thought might have been manager. He said that beer comes in two flavors, so he took that one away and our waiter returned with the correct beer and an apology. He said he should have asked which one, since they have two kinds of that same brand. Sometime after we had started to drink our beers the waiter came back to take our order. We started with the Scotch Eggs, which are amazing! Soon after that we ordered our meals. My date ordered the Green Chili Chicken Sandwich and I had the Grilled Veggie Panini. When our meals arrived his looked fine, but mine was wrong. So we once again we flagged down the waiter to make the corrections on my meal. He promptly brought back my correct meal and an apology, again. After we finished our meal we sat there for quite awhile to enjoy the various sports games on the tv's. So when we were ready for our bill...shocker it as wrong. They had not removed the first incorrect beer from our tab. So, you guessed it, had to get the waiter back. He corrected it and returned to us for payment, I must say that I was shocked that they had not COMPED us anything for all the errors make by them. So to recap. We had at least four different staff helping us throughout the night. they were understaffed for a Saturday night and our waiter "Ryan" we think that was his name did his best. We will go back, but maybe we'll sit where we could be seen.
2_star Service was OK (they weren't very busy though), ice cream treats were good. The burger we got was skimpy and unappetizing. The main turn-off for me though, was the SMELL! The restaurant smelled like old grease - so much so that I couldn't wait to get out of there. Then we went to the ladies' room to wash our hands, and it had such a strong smell of urine that I had to hold the door open while we used the sink. Grossed out, and won't be back!
4_star They have very good food. I like the pig ear and beef noodle soup. And We went to other locations in Tempe that one not so good. The Chandler locations are the best.
4_star Good place with good food. No complains . Tried shrimp and club sandwich, both delicious. Waiting could be lengthy sometimes, but it's worth it. Will be happy to come back and try something else.
3_star This place gets really busy. Be ready to flag down the servers because they will have a hard time noticing you if you don't. To start, we ordered the chicken karaage. It was freshly fried and kind of too oily, but still good. Next, we had the takoyaki, which had some nice flavours. My friend didn't like it that much, and said it was too floury, but I enjoyed it. I had the kottari shoyu ramen and it was meh. The taste was too bland. My friend got the spicy veggie red miso ramen and that was packed with flavour and delicious. I'm curious to try other flavours on the menu. Side note: I appreciate that they wipe down each table with what looks like a disinfecting spray, whereas a lot of restaurants just use a cloth.
4_star After I finally got the keys to my room at the Flamingo in Las Vegas, I opened the curtains & my mouth hit the floor when a pink sign across the street at Caesars Palace caught my eye. I can't believe Serendipty & the infamous Frozen Hot Chocolate is in Vegas! I don't have to fly to NYC to get one.
5_star Fab. The staff was so friendly. Restaurant was clean and cute. They suggested their street tacos with shredded pork rib meat and slaw. They were so very good. Mostly we were impressed with how kind and friendly they were. We will be back!
5_star Ellis Island is one of my favorites! I've been going there for years, so I figure its time I review it. Last night we went there for the BBQ which is always awesome & a great price, especially if you have a club card. BEWARE the wait for the BBQ is usually at least an hour , but well worth it. We past the time at the bar enjoying the house brews which are $1.50 each....as if that weren't enough, the people watching there is outstanding (I'll leave it at that). After being seated we ordered the full rack of ribs & the half ribs half chicken combo. It was amazing as usual (best BBQ in town if you ask me). Both dishes came with 2 pieces of corn on the cob, a small side of cold slaw, small side of baked beans & 2 slices of garlic toast. The plates are actually turkey platters, and I've yet to see someone empty their plate. It was more than we could eat and enough for a meal the next day. The best part is our bill was only $23! Who can beat that! All in all I truly recommend it to everyone that visits.
1_star If I could give it less then one star I would! WORST SERVICE! I honestly have ever experienced in my life! We ordered AYCE, Ordered one roll each to start with. Comes out fast so plus points for that. I ordered a coke. The waitress never came with it. After our plates being empty for 15 minutes we decided fuck it let's go somewhere else. The restaurant was empty. Only us in there! 3 waitresses! They were just standing there and talking. I even had to say hello? And they still didn't stop talking to each other. When one girl finally comes, We say that we just want to pay for the two rolls and no longer have the AYCE. She says I don't know if it's possible. Don't know? You guys are apparently at work to socialize with each other. Leave the only customers you in your whole restaurant waiting while y'all are chatting off in Japanese. We ended up paying for 2 rolls without even a apology! The waitress said it's slow today? So? Do your god damn job with the only customers you have. I didn't even want to pay for the two rolls we got! If y'all want a good sushi place here in summerlin my fellow sushi lovers try yummy sushi! We went to this place because it was 25 minute wait to even make a order over there!
1_star Wandered in today to watch some of the Steelers game. We ordered some spinach and artichoke dip which came out with greasy tortilla chips and was cold to lukewarm. We asked if they could heat it up and after waiting another ten minutes we were given another batch of lukewarm dip. I was starving so we stayed for some Mac and cheese which again was... You guessed it... Lukewarm. Since no bartender felt compelled to check on us at any point, we let sleeping dogs lie, cashed out and left. Will. Never. Return.
2_star The worst customer service from the guys, the girls were being accommodating. They were not prepared for a lunch rush, no brown rice almost out of white (the base of everything pretty much!) the manager came out and looked around and went back to whatever he was doing in the back. You can tell management is the problem. They had no system or help.
4_star Relative to its location, this bar is a little gem. It's tough to find non-chain anything in Phoenix, let alone something with good food, but this place serves some sort of Irish bread (soda bread?), made in-house, with a very dense consistency and delicious flavor. There's an authentic-ish looking wooden bar area, live music (when I visited on a Monday night at least), bartenders were social enough, and they had some decent drink prices as well. Horribly weak first drink unfortunately, but not enough to keep me from coming back two nights later while I was still in town for work. Check it out!
1_star This place was absolutely filthy! The service was deplorable. The food was mediocre. But when you start off with poor service a flthy table and utensils, it's difficult to anticipate good food. The server was unprofessional and inattentive. We told the manager about the service and having to send the food back to be cooked thoroughly and it was clear that the server reflects the poor management style. This place was run like a zoo. Our overall experience was very disappointing. I think it's interesting that the Yelp reviews tend to be more favorable. We should have read Urbanspoons reviews also. Had I seen their reviews, I would have never tried this place. Ugh!
3_star To start: Incredible food. They have a pretty extensive menu with many items to choose from, and after several visits, I have yet to try something less than stellar! Appetizers, entrees, desserts, you name it. Nobody makes a paneer quite like Tandoori times. I was also surprised to see all of the negative reviews about service, because in my experience, it has always been decent. Really, I have only one complaint: While the belly dancer is clearly talented and very likable (she's great and bringing in the crowd), the music/ cymbals during the performance are so loud to the point where you cannot hear the people at your own table. I think it's really cool that they have belly dancing performances, I just wish that not paying full attention to them were a possibility.
2_star I was very disappointed with the new menu of WP and incredibly miss the old menu with the focus on pizzas. The food now is sub par and overpriced honestly. I don't know if they are trying to appeal to a different audience, but I highly suggest reverting back to the old menu that had better food and had a more organized focus. When I went a friend asked for a Caesar salad (like the old menu) and they claimed they could not even make that... Let alone all the other delicious items on the old menu. #bringbackwolfgangpucks
3_star We went in for lunch. My husband I decided we would each have a cocktail and would split the trash can nachos because they are a huge portion even though the burgers were tempting. The nachos were amazing. This spot is great for people watching on the strip too! I'm giving this just 3 stars because the services was horrible. Our waiter seemed pissed that we just wanted to split nachos (they're $20 I might add). We tip well, so it shouldn't matter what we ordered. My other negative was the cocktail. While delicious, it was small- almost the size of a large shot and it was $14. Yes, this is Vegas, but you can get way more for the price or less at other locations. Skip the cocktails and just get beer. So the food and location- great- 4 stars. The service and value-3 stars.
3_star Been here a few times at the Baby Point location and have been pretty happy with everything. That said, I'm a huge fan of Brooklyn style pizza (Grimaldi's, Lombardi's, Ray's, etc...) and the closest thing in this city to that is North of Brooklyn. But since they only do takeout, QM is works if you're looking for a sit down dinner. Don't know that it surpasses Terroni or Libretto, but all in all, can't complain.
5_star i dont know why anyone bothers to go to any other korean restaurants when in vegas. this place has the best menu, uses the best ingredients, food and ban chan taste amazing, with excellent service. this is my go to restaurant everytime i go to vegas. being 24 hours doesnt hurt either. lol.
3_star I had a little lunch here while waiting for my room at the Aria. The atmosphere is nice, but the service was lacking. When you spend $40 for a beverage and charcuterie plate, you should not have to hunt down your server. The food was not bad, but I did observe two other tables sending food back due to "off" taste and completely wrong order.
4_star The pizza's bread is always fresh and tasty. The 5-cheese and Reuben are my favourites. One small pizza is usually enough for a normal hungry male! Recommended to anyone who wishes to try a professionally-cooked pizza.
1_star Its a wonder how they aren't shut down. In my opinion the most absolute worst smells, and tastes i have ever encountered in my entire life. Inedible all of it. It had some grill outside the entry door and boxes everywhere so we were not sure if they were open other than the sign. We knew they had opened awhile ago and perhaps should have not gone in.
1_star I gave this place 2 chances. i love japanese food and really wanted to love this place because it is close to home. I was underwhelmed the first time and disgusted the second time. the food was tasteless and not what the menu stated. Soba noodles are not white, they are buckwheat and are beige at the lightest and brown at the darkest. When I called (i had delivery) to tell them that I did not get what I ordered, I was told that it was correct and I was wrong. Food was tasteless and service was Awful. Do not waste your money or your time.
1_star Went here twice and was met by terrible service both times by the same waiter. Ever since we came in he was impatient and rude as if we were an eyesore. When it came to pay the bill, it came together so me and my friends were trying to calculate the per person price while the waiter was waiting impatiently. My sister was the last one to pay and she noticed an unknown $8 drink on the receipt that noone remembered buying (looking back now, it was probably the drink she "won" during dirty bingo). The waiter was extremely impatient so she paid for it anyways and didnt tip because she was already paying extra. I have never seen a grown man throw such a hissy fit. He stomped around loudly and cleaned the table by banging cutlery together and sarcastically borderline yelling "so great having you, so great serving you, oh do come again." The man the other people referred to as the owner (not sure if he actually was) was staring us down from the back. My sister and I did not feel safe and bolted out of there. Never coming back again. Shame because we enjoyed the bingo.
5_star This place has some of the BEST tacos in Vegas! And I've tried pretty much every place in this town! Tacos El Gordo doesn't even compare!! This is my favorite place to get a fantastic taco! They are incredibly packed with flavor and served traditionally but with a great little twist. I don't know how they do it, but they are consistent every time. I always order the tacos Al Pastor with everything on it! Thee most incredible flavor in a taco you will ever try! It doesn't matter how packed the place is late at night, they are quick, consistent, and above all very friendly people! Ask for the grilled veggies too! What else is there to say...THEE BEST TACO JOINT IN VEGAS!!!
1_star food was comparable to ruby Tuesday's. Don't let the fancy wording on the menu fool you.
5_star I love this place!! Small menu but it gets the people in and out which is great! Food is great and cheap and the managers are funny and friendly!!
3_star My husband and I went there for the first time. We used a Entertainment card for discount. The food was good. but upon receiving the check there was a service charge of 18 %. We ask our server he said since we used the discount card. He is require to add 18% tip on the bill and mention that it states it in the Entertainment Book. Having been a Entertainment member for over 20 years, I had never been charge this in any of the restaurant we visit. The service we received was not good. He lack patience in explaining some menu items since it was our first time there. Just warning people if you decide to use your Entertainment Card.. you will be require to tip the server 18 % no matter how bad the service is.
1_star VERY disappointing. I have been to many CB back east, and the service was phenomenal. I was excited to take the family to CB for the experience. Our party was seated and we waited a solid 20 mins before we left. During that 20 mins we were not greeted by the wait staff nor did anyone even bring water or take our drink order. Like I said very disappointing.
1_star Let's just say one thing: don't expect them to let you in even if you come before closing time. We got to the place at 11:30pm, and there was one party ahead of us - so there was no line to get in. The hostess seats that party and then tells us that they are now closed and that we will not be able to dine there. There were no parties behind us. Okay what the hell was that! The restaurant clearly said it is open until midnight, not until 11:30pm. Absolutely ridiculous and rude. Never coming here again.
5_star Spanish food to me has to be fresh with flavor. I went to Moreno's by chance one day with a group of friends/family. I ordered 2 small tamales and found myself wanting more so I ordered 2 more tamales and was impressed by the flavors colliding inside my mouth. I've been to their Mesa restaurant and had the same experience when I ordered their chicken tacos and was blown away. Their food is delish and their price very reasonable. Love the atmosphere and their employees are clean and professional. Two thumbs up!
2_star I've tried a lot of the ramen places in North America. This one was below average. Broth is too thick and creamy. Overpriced. The best ramen in Montreal? Ummmm...
4_star This was my second time eating at Broken Plate. Tonight's server was Drew. Originally from Burlington, Ontario, server Drew was pleasant and professional. Being the only server on this evening, he managed the tables well checking up on everyone. I had a lobster bisque soup to start that was very salty and was rejected and replaced with a tangy chicken soup. It was not the greatest soup but it wasn't bad. For my main I had the tuna special which was cooked medium on the outside but was still cool in the centre. It was sushi grade tuna and was still delicious. The couscous was well seasoned and tasted great. It was a Shane that during my last visit (although a year ago), there was a promotion with my hotel. The ambiance at broken plate is great and I enjoy visiting when I am out this side of Calgary.
5_star So good! Service was excellent food came in generous portions and the price was fantastic. With the atmosphere and the service this place was a top tier restaurant. Will be coming back.
4_star The ramen was delicious, noodle was bouncy and soft at the same time. The broth is okay, some say its salty and others say its just perfect so its personal preference. One thing that got the big mark down is the amount of meat they give you, two freaking pieces, really now, its really lacking because of this, but overall, still yums.
1_star Group of co-workers and I came here tonight, a Monday, we were all very excited to come here only to get extremely disappointed. We had a group of 5 and we were told a 45 minute to an hour wait, totally fine. The girl at the front desk Janelle, was nothing short of extremely rude and unprofessional. It had been a little over an hour and my buddy asked her how much longer it would be and she said there was a handful of guest ahead of us still, that it shouldn't be over 30 minutes, an hour later, we were still there waiting with no sort of update. When we approached her one last time, she didn't seem to care at all that we had been waiting well over the advised time. So sad that the great atmosphere created gets COMPLETELY overshadowed by the poor service.
1_star I discovered this place while I was on vaca in Hawaii. I was so excited to find that there was one in vegas. Originally I was going to give a 4 star review, but the hostess was so bad, she cost them a star. As I walked in she was texting on her cellphone, openly. She rudely insisted that she could seat my party until they were all here, even tho I said they were parking the car and walking in. She showed us the table and literally dropped the menus at the table. When I made the reservation I specified I needed a hair chair so before she left I requested a highchair. She barely glanced back and said they don't have highchairs they have boosters. My son cannot sit up by himself yet, so he could not use the booster. This is a Japanese BBQ place, so I could not assist with cooking, I had to hold my son throughout my dinner. Besides the useless hostess, the food is amazing here. The happy hour will only give you about a dollar off, but considering how many dishes you typically order, it's worth it. Don't be cheap with the meat! The hanger steak is about $7 but totally worth ordering at least 3 servings! I went back in a few months later per the request of Aki, the VP. The "manager" Tracy was so resistant to help us. She only stopped by to review the bill embarrassingly in front of my guests. Tracy felt that a $12 discount compensating for my previous experience. That's ok. I won't have to waste anymore time or money at that place.
1_star We have eatin at this place a few times, we went around 8 last night, the BBQ tasted like it was from the day before, it had BBQ sauce all over it, (think they were trying to cover the horrible flavor) some fries were hot others cold, hush puppies are the best thing this place has to offer! I will never go here again and waste $26!! I know we went at 8 and they close at 9, but u should always have hot food & food that taste fresh! Not day old!!n no stars for this place!! Oops it makes me do a star, ugh! Sorry it was the Shane's near North Lake Mall!
5_star Great nachos! They're big. Great grilled Mahi tacos and the house made vanilla pudding is the bomb! Atmosphere on a Sunday afternoon was relaxed and the service is at the top. We'll definitely will be back.
4_star The tacos were really good and the waiter was quick and friendly. This place was exactly what we were looking for at lunch time. I suggest the carnitas taco since everyone in our group that tried it thought it was really good.
4_star I have been here multiple times although mostly for takeout. The rolls are awesome. Never have to wait long for my order. I like that they have gluten free soy sauce but the price per packet seems a little high. Good quality food and portions.
3_star First & foremost, Rachel was the savior of the experience. The service was lacking, but she rescued it. I had a party of 4, two children & the waitress on the front patio completely ignored us. It was a Sunday early afternoon & not that busy. We had to order our food from the bar & Rachel hooked it up. It only got the 3rd star because of her.
4_star After reading some great things about this place, myself and my boyfriend decided to check it out one Friday morning. I'm also planning on opening up my own breakfast cafe in the near future, so visiting and comparing various breakfast places is also helpful for my own market research. It helped that before we entered, there was a sign on the door up front saying that they only accepted cash, a bit of a nuisance, but better to know before you go in than after you've eaten your meal. My first impression was it was very buzzy, great music playing and beautiful art work on the wall for sale to keep your attention. After putting our name down on the waiting list and waiting 20 minutes for a table (we played the cross-word while we waited) we were seated next to the kitchen, which is an open one. The service was friendly and fast, although the table we were sitting at was a bit small. You can choose from ordering off their menu or from the blackboard above the cafe area. I found that the menu was a bit more simple to follow, whereas the board was a bit too confusing. We both ordered the Mitzi's Breakfast Special ($6.95), coffee and a large glass of OJ (freshly squeezed, $4). We also found that sausage is not served here, but bacon instead. When asked why this was, the waitress simply said that they prefer to carry one type of meat. The wait was about 15 minutes for our food, but the art work on the wall kept us entertained. The food was absolutely delicious!! Where do I begin? The roasted potatoes, mmmmmm, nothing like I've ever had before. Roasted in some kind of pasta sauce with a hint of vinegar. When I asked the waitress for the recipe, she kindly said that it was a Mitzi's special and that it cannot be shared, smart girl! The bacon was oh so good with a hint of smokiness to it. The toast was pre-buttered (nice!) and our poached eggs were just right. And for $6.95, what a deal!! $24 total bill. The only draw back to this place was the lack of ventilation. Because the kitchen is an open one, it got pretty warm and the faint smell of the cooking was left in our hair and clothes. All in all, a really great place with delicious, reasonably priced food! It's not surprising that it has spread to two other locations.
4_star Food was very good, lots of options. We found our food took awhile to come out once we confirmed our order. Overall a good experience, we will be back
4_star Enjoyed Greektown. Much better than other Greek places around that we have tried. Did feel it was just slightly overpriced compared to portion but food was quite good. I love cheesecake and was a little surprised they had a cheesecake as an option for dessert and it is clearly home made because they were baking it and had to see if it was done before we could order it. It was an exceptional cheesecake but also a little different than the usual cheesecake. Guessing there is Greek yogurt in there but not sure. Anyways, delicious! This is a family run place so in my book that is a plus. We left payment and tip on the table and left. Next thing we know the owner George comes out into the parking lot to catch us to say thank you and goodbye. Most places would not do that. Clearly shows they care.
2_star I have a long history with Tov Li. I have been a customer as early back as I can remember, mostly because I live down the street. The food has always been above average, but oily. However, I avoid going there at all costs. Allow me to explain. Upon entering Tov Li, you are immediately greeted with a line of disgruntled customers. Then you reach the order taker/cashier, who is often in a foul mood. She takes your order and scribbles it down on to a little piece of paper. Then you have to wait in the next line to hand this piece of paper to another rude worker. Finally after you wait in 2 lines your food starts to get made. Sounds like a very efficient system doesn't it?
2_star Food is good but everyone that works there is extremely rude. I've came in multiple times before and every time the staff is very unfriendly and rude.
5_star So its not on the menu yet but they now have a deep dish pizza that is to die for! Im from chicago, I know good pizza, they nailed it!!! Not to mention the people who run this place are truely nice, genuine and just all around good people. Even if ya walk in there in a bad mood youll leave smiling. :-) Thanks guys!
2_star Not great - not horrible - but not great. Still struggle with some the hospitality issues that continue from EAT - and feel no real need to go back.
5_star Good and authentic. What it lacks in ambiance it makes up for with taste. And yes the credit card machines are working again. I'm an army brat who lived in Germany many years and the schnitzels and spaetzle took me back in time. (Get it with rahm sauce).
4_star Food was okay. I had the virgin pasta and it was good. My friend's Pasta What was a bit too salty. Atmosphere was cozy. Service was quick. Good spot for a late night meal.
3_star I've been there as a reunion of friends a couple of weeks ago. Actually it is a very good place for gathering and reunion party.The decoration is fantastic and i really loved it. The good thing for a group is that every one get a card and can order whatever like beverage,different kind of food and every time they charge your card and at the end every one can pay her own bill separately. The verity of food are limited and the quality are medium. The server are not friendly!I had to wait to order a beer in the bar part for 15 min because no one was there. The prices are reasonable but don't look for a very special food there. Just a good place for group.
4_star If you are one to be impressed by the "Go Big" mentality then Las Vegas is definitely the city for you! Besides maybe New York there is no other city in the county that can rival Las Vegas in this regard. So, it figures that when it comes to going big in the arena of wine Las Vegas should know how to take care of business! And that is exactly what they have done with Aureole at Mandalay Bay Resort & Casino. A Charlie Palmer restaurant, Aureole is second to none in the "Go Big" with wine category. After all, the first thing you notice when walking across the elevated catwalk and down the stairs just to get into the restaurant is the four story high wine tower! This skyscraper-like structure measures 14 feet square and holds approximately 9,865 bottles. And just to throw in a little Vegas theatrics they hoist "wine angels" up and down the tower plucking bottles of wine out of the sky for the enjoyment of their dinner guests. And if the larger than life wine tower weren't enough to catch your eye, then the digital wine list is sure to keep you captivated for hours on end. Search threw thousands of bottles within minutes by making a few quick taps to the screen on one of many Tablet PC's turned wine list floating around the dining room. Feel free to place your order digitally or maybe drop an email to the house. This compact machine is loaded with all kinds of techno-wine wizardry that could only be found in one place - Las Vegas baby!
5_star The service at Baseline Sports Bar was exceptional. Amazing bartender! Great enviromment. I'm new to Tempe and it was a nice welcome to the area.
1_star I have rarely given a bad review like this. I didn't have any food so I can't rate on that. This is 100% a service and friendliness review. Came in on a random week night , in town for a work conference... sat at the bar. 2 other people walked out and one other person commented to me about bad service. Pretty bartenders but seem to good to be friendly to patrons. Also, and this seems to be a major issue for a few people here, a guy in a suit outside the Mirage is handing out 2 for 1 fork know coupons for this place. Turns out that is "only for 2 types of beer and "well" means "well vodka soda" only. That's it. And they don't seem to understand why that is not cool with a lot of people. Update: my 1 well vodka and soda (because that was the only "well" option apparently, was $17.
4_star Rice chips, salad, summer rolls in peanut sauce, larb, drunken noodles with chicken, yellow curry with pork and mango sticky rice--all delicious. Medium spice was indeed medium could have gone up a level because I like my food a little hotter. They brought us dried spices and some oils to enhance the flavor of the curry. Thank you to all of the yelpers that guided us to this gem!
2_star Disappointed. The Keg has been a staple for several events over the years and has generally resulted in a good experience. This time, at this location, complete failure. The reason they got 2 stars was because the waitress saved them from a zero. Despite being super busy she was delightful and professional. The issue began with poor management of our party of ten. Called ahead of time to ask for reservations but was told they don't accept them but we'll be 'expecting you' and thus be expedited reasonable quick. Without gettimg into the aggravating details it was 1hr 15min wait. Each time we asked after 30 min we were told the table is being set up - clearly a stall tactic. I was fully prepared to leave but didn't want to ruin our guest's birthday who was looking forward to her meal. Generally speaking the meals were good but not excellent. Several steaks were cooked incorrectly which resulted in lots of plate swapping. Luckily we all ordered similar dishes. Lesson for management, set accurate expectations. As a patron i will make an informed decision that i may not like to make but at least i know what to expect. Future lesson for me when im dropping in excess of $500 for dinner? reservations.
2_star I love the finch station location more but this One is much closer. Same food menu as finch location but the prices are higher. Looks busy always. I love the food so I go but the service is horrible. I went with a friend but my friend didn't wanted to get something as she had already had dinner prior to meeting me but I wanted to come and eat so the waiter takes my order and gives my friend a stare. And says that's all you guys getting with a tone and turned her face and walked away. I was so surprised. I had my food and I won't be going back. Also I paid with cash and the waiter assumed the change is for here and never returned it.
1_star We stopped in while boating. We were excited to sit outside, have a few drinks & appetizers. The atmosphere is great, drinks & calamari good. However, the service was really bad...menu is limited in the app department. We had to track down the waiter more than once. We also had to ask for napkins/silverware & weren't offered plates. Looking forward to the Edgewater Pier to reopen. We won't be going back to Captain Bills.
5_star This is the way Mexican food tastes in Mexico! I had an awesome carne asana burro for lunch today.
2_star Pricey for a buffet, and every time we have gone, the meet has been picked out of the dishes, or the dishes are empty....not going back. There are too many great Thai restaurants in our area that offer good service and food for a great price.
5_star Love this place .... Honestly best Burrito in Toronto Halibut is tasty, simple, flaky .... Brilliant
5_star Found this hidden gem via other yelp reviews and it lived up to the expectations and more! The bolis are as delicious as promised and the lunch cheese steak special was a fantastic deal (Included a soad/tea and fries for about 7 bucks) . The dough on the bolis is just heaven. You can taste the homemade authenticity and care that goes into the preparation of each boli. Four Kegs is a bit of a dive, with only about ten tables but with food like this you will definitely want to venture away from the buffets and pricey fare of the Strip. Equally as amazing as the food was the cheery and friendly service we received from Kelly. She was sweet, knowledgeable, helpful and fun! She made the experience even better by cracking jokes and just being relatable and friendly. We left feeling like friends and definitely will be back next time we're visiting Vegas. I couldn't recommend this joint any more highly if you're looking for great food, reasonable prices, amazing service and a Cheers-like feeling in the heart of Sin City. Kelly rocks!! Go visit her and enjoy some amazing food while you're at it! Side note: a lot of people have been confused by the directions/location. We saw a sign for Four Kegs near a vacant McDonald's building and were a bit confused at first but with just a quick spin around the parking lot we found it with no problems.
4_star Service was a little slow but great food and an interesting atmosphere.
3_star This is a solid spot - good food, lots of choices. Only complaint here is that there's often a wait (because its good), and when its full the servers and kitchen are too busy too stay on track. The staff are all friendly but they need more people on busy shifts.
5_star First time a new place. Service was excellent. Five of us had different selections. All were great. Do not go by the negative reviews.
5_star Great food, great price, quick service. The pineapple salsa from the salsa bar is the best.
5_star Best veal sandwich ever ( i like rapini/ garlic top)...pasta, lasagna, chicken...all good. Good service, nice clean place, parking, good food= 5
4_star Today I came back to the pepper sauce restaurant after having lunch with a friend . He was ranting and raving on how delicious the breakfast was so I thought I would have to see it for myself. I had the country fried steak and eggs. My waitress Nelly recommended the potatoes O'Brien it was so delicious. she did an Exquisite job and very professional.
1_star I hate to give this place 1 star but my recent experiences were horrible. I use to dine at this restaurant often with my family. The more we go, service decreased. Our water cups never get filled. The very last time I was there, I found a gnat in my pho. Although I have eaten about 50% of the medicore pho, they asked if I wanted another bowl. I said no; I was there on my lunch break. No time to wait for another bowl. I got up to pay for my bill and to my surprise, there was no discount or any sort of accommodation. I am disappointed with them and will not be back.
5_star I finally tried the buffet here a few weeks ago and wow. I hate buffets and I would never eat at one yet I decided to go for it since I love their regular menu so much. Plus, it was a way for me to sample a lot of Indian dishes that I haven't had a chance to try yet. It's the best buffet I've ever been to. It's $11 and completely worth it. This place is the best restaurant in the University area, and it's also now one of my top 3 fav restaurants in Charlotte. The staff are very polite and nice. Great customer service. And it's cheaper than other Indian restaurants in Charlotte. The decor is very pretty as well.
3_star We went the first couple weeks they were open. Pizza was lukewarm and cheese wasn't as gooey as I was hoping. Service was okay but nothing impressive.
4_star I ate here 3 times while staying at the Paris Hotel in Vegas. Twice for breakfast, once for late night dessert in the chocolate lounge. Everything here is delightfully delicious. First time, I had the 4 cheese omelet with hasbrowns and rye toast and a big cup of coffee. Perfect and scrumptious. Dining companions had waffles with chocolate chunks and whip cream and berries on top. Delicious fun. Dessert for breakfast! When we came for our late night dessert we sat in the chocolate lounge area which is very cool. Had a huge cupcake. Dining companions had chocolate sundae and cheesecake. And we had some wine. The only negative i would say is that just like everywhere else in Vegas, the hostesses/servers dress like prostitutes. The skin tight stretchy dresses/skirts that barely cover their private parts. Can i have my breakfast without looking at your hooha s'il vous plaît? This town is definitely a man's town. Male servers are not dressed in a similar fashion.
5_star It's an Europian coffee shop where u can sit outside and enjoy your drink.They make good machiato(my husband loves it),delicious and healthy smoothies.I love that ginger peach hot tea..We go there almost 3 times a week.But know that my hus is in vacation we will come often.We take his parents too,cause as Europian we like these kind of places.I forgot to mention it,you don't forget to try the gelato,especially the chocolate one...
1_star I know this is supposed to be some kind of great restaurant, but I have eaten at MANY exceptional and expensive restaurants (because I love food) and this one was TERRIBLE the night my husband I ate here. It was Xmas Eve 2016. We were totally expecting an amazing experience and were willing to pay for it. We both ordered ribeye steaks- you have to order steak at Donovans, right? My husband usually gets his well done, and when he received it, it tasted funky. I can't think of a better word to describe the strange flavor. He thought it was strange and had me taste it. I agreed and told him to send it back- we were paying a lot for this meal, and he should be able to get a steak that tastes good! The waiter acted kind of weird about this, like there was something wrong with us for sending back a steak at Donovan's. But we honestly felt like the taste indicated something was wrong with it. When Steve got his replacement steak, it still tasted weird, and not that good. We were totally expecting our steaks to be excellent and they weren't even close. He ate it anyway because of the reaction we received the first time from the waiter and the manager. Later that night, he got VERY VERY sick and was up ALL night on Xmas Eve!!! It ruined our holiday!!!! We thought that surely a restaurant of the caliber of Donovan's would make this right for us. We had spent $300 on our meal, only to have our holiday ruined. I sent a letter to Donovan's to explain our situation and to ask for a refund of at least my husband's meal. We didn't receive a response for quite a long time, and finally the manager at the Phoenix location called and explained to us that we were wrong about having a bad steak and that they could not issue a refund. Wow. You would think a restaurant that is supposed to be "high class" like this would want to protect their reputation and make it right with their customer. Instead, they treated us like we were cheapskates, trying to get a free meal. How disappointing this was. I then sent a letter to the owner in San Diego and never received a response. I was trying to give them an opportunity to resolve this situation and would not be writing such a bad review if they had made an effort to resolve it. But they completely blew us off. We will never again go to Donovan's. It's completely overrated. Durant's is a FAR better choice for both service and steaks in the Phoenix metro area.
4_star Had a cheese burger and fries was really expensive for what i got. Greasy patty and fresh fluffy bun it was OK
2_star The regular food at this restaurant is fantastic but their sushi is inedible. I've tried different rolls at different times. It's just not good. Calamari is excellent though and the service is always good.
1_star First time there and i was impressed by the looks of the place.sat down and the bread came out with butter and platter of pickles and more heart attack butter on the plate.we order the chicken breast dish with bake potato.this was the worse food i ever had in my life.garbage!who are they fooling.my buddy order the steak dish! He left everything on the plate.the worse thing about it was the bill! $320.00 dollars.we could of went to the keg for a lot less and hired a dancer too.totally will not recommend.
2_star The pizza is pretty good. Especially at 2am. But when it takes over an hour for delivery, no thank you. I shouldn't have to call 3 times to find out where my pizza is. Then when he finally showed up he asked for a tip. That's the best way to not get a tip.
2_star I haven't been here to eat dim sum for years. A recent reviewer indicates it's being closed for renovations and that could be a good thing. It sadly needed some TLC with it's really dated decor. Many do not know the history of this building and it had a well known reputation for being haunted (apparently the ground floor restrooms have a strange cold air and people seeing images in the mirrors which are not theirs, feet in stalls when no one is there, etc... if you believe in those kind of things that go boo!!!). It was a funeral home before the Hsin Kuang chain took it over in the 1980's and the Fu or Foo lion dogs out front are supposed to ward off evil spirits (Chinese are very superstitious). This is also why they don't use the front entrance... I'm not one to dispute but I won't take the chance that my food is spooked :P For the uninitiated, the dim sum here was from commercial sellers cos they didn't actually have real dim sum chefs in-house so you can actually buy it yourself, take it home and steam it rather than pay someone at a restaurant to do it. For this reason alone, I didn't eat there after trying it out when they had their early dim sum specials and finding out later from friends who live in the neighbourhood. We had a company dinner there in December 2009 cos one of our managers knew the manager there so I was obligated to go. The former owner of our company was invited to this function be he's really superstitious and didn't attend. It was attended by mostly non-Asian people (and those who are Asian were all born here so they're pretty useless in judging authentic Chinese dishes). They served us a banquet style meal so being one of 2 Asians at the table, we ended up eating most of the food others didn't eat. They're not my favourite dishes either but we tried most of it. Tasteless at best and bad service which was odd cos there wasn't anyone else in the entire restaurant for the whole weekday evening. Definitely better places to eat in the area and not recommended to anyone with Chinese dining experience or those who have fear of lost spirits.
1_star Don't care for micro brews so the wife and I split a sandwich had one cocktail $35, prices way high, service so so prob never go back
1_star I CANNOT believe all of the positive review on this CRAPHOLE! I went here based on the reviews and had one of the worst experiences in a sushi place EVER. Went in a bit apprehensive given that there was seating for all of abt 15 people max occupancy. Ordered up some rolls and lo and behold my first of 4 rolls comes out 30mins later! I was starved and pissed. Oh but I guess this was to be expected as they were at capacity.....FIFTEEN PEOPLE! Each subsequent roll comes out like 10-15 mins apart, like FUCKing chinese water torture! After over an hour and only 3 rolls I asked for the check cause I just couldn't bear waiting fopr my 4th roll. Lady says so you want me to cancel the last roll? Politely but curtly I answered yes. Well the AHOLE wayne behind the sushi bars spouts out to the waitress/wife that he's gonna charge me for the fourth roll anyway! He said it loudly enough that me and my GF heard it. I was like, the FUCK he is. I'm pissed and ready to rumble. If that check comes back with that last roll on there I'm gonna start flipping tables over! Bad enough I was trickle fed mediokre lames ass rolls and now I have to contend with this shitbag wayne because he had a bad day and can't handle the "volume" of business. Luckily for him the bill came back without the last roll on it. Guess his wife convinced him he was being a D-bag and having a bad day. To be honest decor was shoddy and disheveled with cases of crap all over and the place was small. You don't get the feeling at all that you are eating aNyplace special. This place is for a local crowd that goes there often as you could tell he and his wife knew everyone ther EXCEPT us! Crowd was also kind of white trash as evidenced by the POS cars in the parking lot and the t shirt and jeans they were wearing. I kept checking out my car out the window to make sure the tires were still on it and the hookers were not tapping on the windows. Sorry to all those folks who gave this SHITHOLE great reviews but this is one time Yelp system has let me down on where to go based on reviews. Look, I know y'all looking for a place to go are gonna see this review and say hey only one bad review out of all of these, LETS GO! My advice, my bad service and shitty attitude from Wayne aside, if you make over $40k a year you will probably not care for this place. It is small, disheveled and food is average. Im sure it can be homey and fun but if you are like me and want to be wow'd and have a true dining experience go to one of the many other sushi places that offer ambiance, good service and who want your business.
1_star The Menu is very deceiving. If you get a house special don't expect to get pasta with it like you would at a normal Italian restaurant. Which is what happened to me when I ordered my chicken Milanese and my friend who ordered a shrimp scampi. So I guess you can only get "pasta" in the pasta section. The spaghetti carbonara was extremely oily and too salty. The Service was TERRIBLE and it wasn't even a busy night. We went on a Monday night around 6:30pm and it was pretty steady not overly crowded so I really don't understand the delay that we had with our meals.The appetizers arrived in a very timely matter, but after that it took about 45 minutes for the entrees to get to our table. The waiter never checked on our table to see if we liked our food until the very end when he knew we were upset. My friend ordered a baked potato as a side dish that didn't even arrive till the very end of the meal and they didn't even notice that we were missing one. Once we mentioned that we were waiting for our side it still took them almost 25 minutes to even bring it out to us, on top of that the baked potato was COLD! By then we were already done with the meal and asked if the potato could be taken off the bill. The only think I can say was good is that I never ran out of water because the bus boy was the only tentative one. I will not be returning.
4_star The bread here is so good. Got the baguette from a place that sources their bread from Pekara and froze it. Reheated it in the oven two days later (16m on 375, if you're wondering) and it was so good I just ate it plain. Made the best garlic bread from the rest. One star removed for sloooooow service and rather overpriced selections of other things, but man their pastries are good. Sandwiches can be hit or miss and heavy. Ambiance is typical locally-owned college town coffee shop, with eclectic furnishings and local art on the walls etc. Outdoor patio seating is great for nice days. Very walkable location, not so much driveable, parking is limited and metered.
5_star Delicious food! I normally get take out as I live right down the street and it is always done within 10-15 mins, like they say. I've dined in about 4 times and each time it was pretty slow inside but unlike the other reviewers, we had very quick service. Actually, my entree came out while I was still eating appetizer & soup so I was kind of sad. lol. I LOVE the decor. It's not over the top, pretending like we're actually IN Thailand, but it's dark & sensual & usually very quiet, a great place to take a date. The staff is super friendly and actually speak English too! I am vegan (no meat, no egg, no dairy) and I order all kinds of special dishes and they never mess it up. My favorite dishes there are Pan Fried Glass Noodles, Galanga noodle curry & Pad Si Ew. The sticky rice is AMAZING too!!! LOVE GALANGA THAI!!! :)
2_star Very disappointing. We should have known when we arrived on a Friday night and we were only one of 2 tables that it wasn't going to be good. I hadn't been to dinner there in years and the quality has really declined. 4 of us dined and everyone of us had a bad meal. I ordered the fish special, halibut/sea bass duo - fish was dry. My husband had the lobster tail, it too was over cooked and the other couple we dined with did not enjoy their meal either. I will say that although the food was terrible, our server was outstanding. Hopefully, he will find a new restaurant that is busy and he can make some real money.
2_star We used to love tbe Chipotles but now the meat has gone way downhill. I am hust not even sure what to say. I can live with burrito blowout (it gets a hole and they wrap another tortilla around it) but crappy meat is the killer. Please fix this!!!!
2_star We were a large group that come from Toronto to have dinner here. An initial attempt to secure a group reservation was not successful. After all the individual families booked this restaurant separately, they then nicely accommodated us to seat us together only if we were able to leave by 7pm. The servers reminded us several time and was quick to take our order. The food came quickly and was pretty good. Instead of 4 stars, I deducted it by 2 star due this one server. She was hostile to all of us, had this attitude of disdain, and was just not customer centric. She flat rightly denied a request for a a steak to be butterflied while another server said of course we can do that. I get that you might be having a bad day but working in a service industry, this server should have minimally delivered on a reasonable customer experience...such as a genuine smile and refilling water. Basic standards right? Good thing the other servers weren't like that.
5_star The food here is the bombdigiddy! Me and my friends were looking for a place to eat and randomly decided on this one. I personally wasn't expecting much. Boy was I wrong. The prices based on the humongous portion you get are amazing (less than $10). I got the Gyro Platter. It came with a Gyros on a bed of rice (one can also get potatoes instead of rice), a side salad, hummus, tzatziki, and a pita. The gyros were flavorful and a little on the salty side but I found them perfect because they balanced out when eaten with the blandish rice. Salad was pretty standard. Their hummus was really good and you could tell it was homemade as opposed to the stuff you get from the store. The best part however, was their tzatziki. Omg BEST tzatziki I've ever had. Tangy and super flavorful with a strong dill flavor which is just the way I like it. This place is very similar to a cafeteria. One will go up and order and then grab a number and take a seat and wait for them to bring it to you (if you ordered it for inside) or for them to call your number (if you ordered takeout). A lot of stuff is self serve so you don't have to pay tip which is great in my books. I will definitely be back!
1_star Stopped in to get a quick donut. Ended up having to walk out after paying and waiting, but not getting my food. Cook was taking time to make the donuts and not serving the customers already there. Looks like a good place, but not if you are in a rush.
3_star Decent place to go, only reason I give it five stars is because of the prices. During happy hour, rolls as low as 2.75, I had three and found myself full. Taste, like any other sushi place. I subtracted a star for the attitude I received from the servers. One however was extremely nice and made sure my cups were always full. We walk in, I wanted to sit in the back, and the woman who seated us had us sit where an employee was eating and kicked her out of the seat...right in front of us. I felt extremely uncomfortable and felt bad. Then as we sit down, a man came out and said something to the waitress and looked at us and said, "You took my table." I almost wanted to walk right then and there and say, "Oh okay, here is your table, we'll go where they welcome their fucking customers." ...but didn't. I told the woman, that we could sit at the table next to us and not have anyone moved or their table "taken". Her response? "We need that for the bigger parties." That table remained unoccupied the entire time we were there. If their prices weren't cheep and the sushi wasn't decent I wouldn't have been back. :/
2_star Walked in and we were immediately seated. It took the waitress a few minutes to take our order and they bring out drinks. They bring the chips and salsa and our cups are empty for at least 5 minutes before the waitress asks if we need a refill.. I mean DUH!!! Drinks are empty again when the entree arrives. And waitress again asks if we need another refill. The food was really good and there was plenty on our plates. Food was the only thing going for this place! Maybe we had a dud??
1_star zipps is a sports bar. Zipps serves the need of providing sporting entertainment and food/beer. Today, Ryan the manager opted to keep the sound on Barwide for the third day of the US Open (a golf tournament) as opposed to turning on the Sound for the World Cup - England v Italy 2 complete tables left. 10 patrons total. We talked to our waitress. We talked to Ryan the manager. She was powerless and he refused to change the channel. More patrons then left. The people around us were upset. With 4 sports bars within 2 miles - Four Peaks, Twin Peaks, KO O'donnell and Temple Bar so close why ever go back? Ryan the manager was apathetic at best..... Seriously, the World Cup - and this is not debatable - is the biggest sporting event in the world. Except at Zipps "Sports" Bar in Scottsdale. Sad.
2_star Outstanding service, nice interior, disappointing food. The tempura was greasy and tasted as though the oil in the fryer hadn't been changed in a while. The sushi was ice cold, a dead giveaway that it wasn't freshly prepared. Prices are reasonable given the amount of food, but don't expect great quality, at least not at lunch.
5_star Stopped by to pick up dinner. Wait time was about 15-20 min but definitely worth the wait. Ordered a couple of pupusas and platanos fritos to go and they were made fresh which is why there was a small wait time. I would recommend calling ahead if planning to pick up an order. The staff was very friendly and the restaurant itself was really clean. Ended up being a great dinner option and paid less then 15 dollars for 2 people! Very affordable and with every penny.
3_star What pissed me off was the waiting, first time FAIL to wait, i abandoned my spot and left to find somewhere else to eat, i was starving, make matter worst i had already waited 40 minutes and there was still like 30 people in front!!!! wtf why so slow? i saw from outside plenty and i mean plenty of tables... so i dunno why it takes em so long to seat people. By the time i went somewhere else to have dinner and finished eating, i still would have been waiting at the line at le village buffet :/ Second time, we made reservations (yes it takes reservations) came around 10am for brunch. Only waited like 5 minutes for a table. Most remarkable was the omelet station and the crepe station, very friendly chefs and very good food. Next time i will skip this buffet or i mean its enormous annoying line and go straight across to eat a crepe at La Creperie or a baguette at JJ's Boulangerie ;)
3_star This was our second time here. I had a great experience the last time but last night it was just "okay. " Miso soup is supposed to automatically come with tofu at least thats what I know. But here, you have to ask for Tofu and then it's not just tofu; its carrots and zucchini too. Chicken katsu was not hot. And spicy tuna definitely was sweet instead of spicy. I wanted to LOVE this place. I'll give it another try and order different things on menu
2_star Our first time here and no one has come to our table to ask if we need anything they are very rude
4_star We get the pad Thai chicken & Thai fried rice, both good dishes but especially like the rice. Have tried the satay & spring rolls for appetizers they are good as well. Service is decent & food comes out fast. Nice & clean place. If we are hungry for thai food this is our spot.
3_star Ok, so I finally got to enter the cute little home on N 7th Street where Coronado Cafe is housed for Saturday brunch. I was impressed by how cute and cozy the restaurant is. Our waiter was amazing, very knowledgeable about each plate, funny, and genuine. My mimosa was rather yummy as well. Now for the food: As my friend that ate brunch with me, "This place did not blow my hair back." The food was not that appealing. I cook better brunch/breakfast meals that what I experienced there. I had the : Arizona Omelet for $10 which comes with three eggs scrambled with caramelized onion, tomato and cilantro, green chili crème and avocado salsa, 9-grain bread, café potatoes & fresh fruit* Ok, so you would think that my meal would have been overly, lip smacking, yummylicious delicious; it was not! The caramelized onions were overpowered by the tomato and cilantro, the green chili creme and avocado salsa were missing their sex appeal/flavor/spice. The 9-grain bread was yummy, and the fruit was decent. The potatoes were the best thing on my plate. Also, my friend wanted to have their "Best Crabcakes in Phoenix" as a part of his meal, but they would not do it. They only have the crab cakes as a sandwich and nothing else. He really wanted to have a crab cake omelette, which sounded like a great idea, but in order to do so, they would have to "add" the crab cake to the bill, for an additional $9.00. Give me a break!! Coming from the East Coast where I enjoyed many seafood delicacies at the NJ/NY/MD shores, I am sure that their crab cakes are not even worth an additional $9.00. I digress!! Overall, everything was pleasant. I will more than likely not go back to eat, but I am happy that I got to visit and see what the hype is supposedly over! Cheers
2_star Food was bland. Chicken Tikka Masala was flavorless. Not spicy. Samosas were cold on the inside. Naan was good.
4_star Came here for drinks and something to eat when we stayed at the cosmo. Im so glad that they have some decent places to eat, because now I can eat at the place and not stay there! Holsteins has great service, we were seated right away and ordered within 10 minutes. Great atmosphere, there was a dj playing hip hop and classic rock mixes. Our food was brought out by the manager who was working the floor that night too. The lobster mac and cheese was amazing, and I saw some of the burgers on the next table, which looked too pretty to eat! Great beer list as well. Only con I could come up with were the douchey guys sitting at the bar trying to pick up on the waitresses. But hey, you'll find them everywhere in vegas.
2_star I ordered the ribs and they were delicious the food was not the issue it was the service. Our servers name was Sean H. He was nice but put an order wrong, he forgot a beverage that was asked at the beginning of the evening and brought it near the end of the meal as I reminded him. Our friend asked for her bill 3 times and we asked for ours twice and he came and gave us our bill but left again to go get the machine and that took an extra half an hour. some of our friends got their food burnt and the house paid but they didn't get a new plate. overall horrible horrible service and the food for me personally was good but for others it was a hit or miss.
3_star Great salads, but pricey for the setting. Desserts look amazing, but are disappointing. Pastas at dinner tend to be saturated in oil/butter, and leave lots of grease behind. For the price it's worth venturing somewhere else.
1_star The beer isn't drinkable. It has the taste of polymer. The food is bad - I've heard that they've made some improvements, but I've not wanted to return in 4 years. The last time I was there they were making nachos with that cheese sauce that you would see at 7-11
2_star Came with friends. Disappointed with quality of meal. Pork over salted, gnocchi under salted, shrimp pasta no acknowledgment of it even being decent. Service was attentive.
3_star As a southerner, I believe barbeque belongs to me. Personally. So my opinions are strong about how it should or shouldn't be. If you've never been south of the Mason-Dixie line, this could be the best barbeque you've ever eaten. If you are a southerner, your home made probably tastes better. Don't get me wrong, I enjoyed Union and will probably be back, especially if it doesn't stay so crowded. But more than anything it made me miss the real deal. -Brisket I tried was pretty good. -Ribs were good. -Greens were almost certainly canned - they added some ham but not much flavor. Mine are better. -Baked beans were sweeter than cake. That's how we like iced tea, not beans. It seemed to have a caramelized crust of sugar on top like Creme Brulee. -Coleslaw is fine. -Mac and cheese good. -Corn bread pretty good. Perfect texture, but too sweet. -Fried chicken got rave reviews from my friend, but I didn't try it. I'm even picker about that than barbeque! -Cocktails were extra good. Barbeque sauce is such a regional preference you can't make everyone happy. So I'll just stay quiet on that subject. Last note - its a barbeque place, which isn't a mecca for vegetarians. Don't try taking any here, they only have 3 things on the menu for them. Mac and cheese, corn bread, and coleslaw.
2_star This place recently opened in January, I believe it was. It's where Huahachinango use to be. I live nearby and got a flyer promoting their restaurant and decided to try it out today. I went with a friend of mine for lunch and the place was empty. Now I'm chalking that up to the fact that we went for a late lunch; it was around 1 or so. I had a carne asada plate. The carne asade come on top of a macaroni salad and fries. The meat itself is topped with mustard, onions and a meat sauce, which I opted to have on the side. I'm glad I did, as I found the sauce a bit bland. I wanted a kick or something, but I didn't get it without adding any of their toppings or anything. The macaroni salad was all right. Rather than using an elbow pasta, they used conchiglie and the mayo wasn't that sweet mayo I abhor. The fries weren't bad either. They weren't the usual shoestring cut and they weren't overly salty or oily. The carne asada itself was all right. It got a little too salty for me at one point. It was moist enough without the sauce. I was expecting more since the pictures on the wall make it seem like they'd have more to their dishes. My friend had a devil blanco plate and had the grilled chicken. It came with the same thing mine came with. She unfortunately got everything on it and it kinda dampened the enjoyment of the dish. I'm willing to give this place another try to see if something else there will be better. A bit about the place: it says on the window that they're open on Friday and Saturday till 3am, but I'm not sure about that since as I've said, I live nearby and I haven't noticed them open. They're having a special, or at least did today when I went in - the plates were like 5.95 and it came with a drink. And according to the flyer we get, they're offering a two for one thing - buy a plate and you get one free. I don't know if that's still going on, but that's what the flyer we got said. ***Edit to add a tip: add hot sauce to the food cause it makes the difference. A huge difference. It doesn't really change my rating, except to maybe a 2 1/2 stars. Still gonna try something else, so till then the rating is staying.
4_star It was a delicious burger: the blue cheese burger. I got a milkshake too which was also good. Everything is a la carte so the burger alone was $17. A bit pricy with no sides. But it did get me full so it was a worth it.
1_star Dreadful food, insultingly overpriced beer, truly appalling service. If there's more than 6 people in the building, expect to wait 20 minutes to get your first drink. Avoid.
5_star A perfect Vegas happy hour. Really inexpensive in comparison to other places yet the service and quality doesn't suffer. I got the meatball appetizer for about $7. It was tasty and filling enough to be a meal. Every person from the host to servers offered impeccable service. Hopefully it's the same next time I go back!
3_star I wanted to love this place. Really, I did. It is so close to home, I was hoping it would be a "go-to" place for my hubs and me. Not so much. The interior is lovely. The water feature is really cool. I love the tile. I hope to find it for a backsplash in my kitchen. Yes, those are the thoughts that were going through my head as my uninspired meal arrived. The berry mojito was good. The wine list is nice and reasonably priced. The service was.... weird. Maybe because we were one of only three tables in there on a Saturday night but, we felt like we were being stalked. Seaweed salad-- great. Hard to really mess this up. House salad with ginger dressing-- ok, here is where I show my odd palate-- I prefer iceberg with my ginger dressing, not field greens. But, field greens are fancier, so field greens is what I got. Fine (no stars taken off for this). The rolls-- spicy tuna, a special roll, and a few slabs of shashimi. All ok. Not wowwonderful. Not even, wow! And pricey. And small (which I prefer, but my hub was disappointed). I get that I am paying for atmosphere, too. BUT, there was NO ONE there, which felt a little creepy. Or sad. Even our server seemed sad. The atmosphere, lovely water feature aside, was odd. 3.5 but I rounded down.
3_star from l.a. so my palates a little spoiled when it comes to korean food. food here does not taste traditional. it's very bland.
1_star I would not recommend this place at all. I've only eaten there for breakfast and do not plan to find out if the other meals are any better. It is way over-priced and the service was poor.
3_star We tried pa Thai with shrimp and ong Choy last night , it both tasty , but the price kind of high , and the veggie -- ony Choy , they only have cook the stem , no leaf ?which $8.99 an order , no match the price!
3_star Average food from a chain restaurant. Not that that's a bad thing if your in the mood for it. Good service, pleasant servers, clean restaurant. I had some southwest-type wraps which were pretty good.
5_star Over 30 years ago I stopped at Dazzo's. When I got there it was closed. Two men( the Dazzo's brothers, Ron and Frank) were working inside, one of them came to the door and said "sorry we're closed, come back tomorrow, that's when we officially open". So my wife, my Mom and I came back the next day and we have been going to Dazzo's since. We've literally have seen the Dazzo's family grow up; their kids and now there grand kids. I love hot dogs and crazy about their beefs and and sausage sandwich, ( you know sweet and hot peppers and real, real, real wet). Even though we moved a bit farther from their location we still make it a point to stop in and grab a bite to eat. Without question there is no other place like Dazzo's in the Valley. As always best wishes the Dazzo family and lets do another 30 more years.
4_star Came with a few friends who were craving butter chicken so thought of this place. We all ordered the butter chicken roti and we were all definitely satisfied. The place is a little run down but the food was excellent. Large portions, tasty food the only complaint was the long wait. We must have just ordered right after a massive take out order as we waited approx 30 mins while people kept coming and going after us with their orders in hand. Other than that no complaints!
4_star Mandarin buffet offers a variety of tasty options from sushi to crab legs and steak. The food is always hot and your water glass is never empty. The service is great and the atmosphere is exactly what you are looking for!
3_star been here for new yrs a few days ago :) why I give 3 stars is bcuz: it took 'em 1 hr to serve us, OK they were busy... There was a hair on my cheescake... OK I survive this too... BUT: THEIR AD PROMISED CHAMPAGNE AT MIDNIGHT BUT WE ONLY GOT SERVED CHEAP WHITE WINE MIXED WITH TAP WATER (the girl thought we were drunk/blind and would not see... she added tapwater to the bottle which was not champagne anyways... it tasted awful) Otherwise the crowd was good, no shady folks, and I liked the fact that many parents brought their teenager kids with them. One more thing, the lowest floor had a bit of a mildew smell due to poor ventilation.... Maybe I go back next time as the food was good and staff were friendly.
1_star We are new to Cleveland and decided to check downtown. On our way back to our car we saw Harry Buffalo and saw the sign come on in for a drink. We did just that. The pub is airy and nice. We headed straight to the bar, thirsty for that drink. We sat and sat but noone seemed to notice us. If the bar was crowded we would have understood but the bar had myself and my husband on one side and another set on the other side. Three or four other tables were taken by other customers on the tables surrounding the bar and that was it. A bartender came close to us and left. No acknowledgement. She came back and started wiping the bar surface. Never at any point paid us a glance. Two servers, a male and a female were at the POS terminal. They stood there all the while. Mind you they were facing us. Two other servers walked past us to help a table right on our left side. They walked right past us. One of those ladies came back to the table again and left again without even looking our way. We just realized the "come in for a drink" sign at the door must have been for other people and not us. There is a big green board with "rate us on yelp". Well that's exactly what we are doing on our drive back home on my cell before we forget details."Completely ignored customers" should be our heading. We are African American. Where we ignored because of that? We never look at life like that but treatment like this can make a person start having these questions, especially because we were the only African Americans in the pub at that time. I see reviews from different people here so that must not be so. We would like to take the mindset that it is just very POOR service around 3:30pm on Friday June 14th. Maybe someone from Harry Buffalo can explain to us or future customers what just happened. We left the pub with not one single "hello, we will be right back".
3_star It was quite busy for a mid week evening. I was shocked actually - all the tables were full, and there were people waiting for seats. Only one server was working and the chef was by herself cooking everything for the restaurant, so it was quite chaotic. We forgave them when the server brought over something we did not order. It was similar enough so we kept it (shrimp tempura vs veggie tempura). After the rush, the service did improve. You can tell they were stressed back in the kitchen. I came here with a large group and we decided to share about 10 dishes among all of us. Really liked the bibimbap! The complementary side dishes was nothing special. But what did stand out was the green pancake/crepe they sent over. So good we ended up ordering another! Prices are very reasonable and include tax.
2_star Pretty good food. Terrible staff. And yes they have roaches. Grossed everyone out the waitress didnt even want to go by it. Owner did stop by and bill was on the house
3_star This is a fine place to dine but nothing special. I do appreciate that they have vegetarian chili which is the perfect topping for their taco salad. The taco salad is good, as are the huge baked potatoes. Kids dine free at McAlister's on various evenings, but the kids menu is not great and the portions are for toddlers. This is a quick in and out, and in the winter a good place to grab a cup of soup, as the offerings change daily. The sweet tea gets 4 stars.
1_star I want to love this place but hate it because they have the worst service....if it's not waiting forever for your food than its waiting forever for a server to get you a drink!!!!! I have heard horror stories about upper management too!!!! I suggest spending your money somewhere else.
2_star Not very good food and bad service, the price for the food is not balanced by the quality or flavor, we struggled to get the attention of our waiter just to get napkins , the food took a while to arrive and we were disappointed to see is all tasteless food, we ordered burgers and not one was tasty, for a $63 dlls meal I expected a lot more.
2_star The most unauthentic Afghani/Pakistani/Indian food I've ever had. I bought the Nihari recently and it didn't look or taste anything like one. It just tasted like a normal beef curry. No thickness to the gravy, no tenderness to the meat, even the onion on the side wasn't the crispy caramelized version it's supposed to be. The gravy was also not consistent like it should be. It looked like it was stored frozen and heated up for me. Which brings me to the next point. Why does it always take 15 minutes to serve any item? If the food was made fresh everyday, it would be in a big pot waiting to be served but that doesn't seem like the case here. Not gonna knock on the naan because it's next to impossible to find the authentic Afghani naan in Canada and this is no different. The price they charge for the amount of food is okay, but the quality is just not there. The one extra star is because the staff is polite and the place looks clean.
3_star I had the spinach and goat cheese chicken sandwich. Let me begin with the chicken was perfectly cooked - nice and juicy. The chicken was on a whole grain bun with spinach, goat cheese, cucumber, tomato and balsamic dressing. I was baffled by the inclusion of cucumber on the sandwich, so I took them off and ate them as a side item. The balsamic was a squirt in the middle of the bun, it would have better if the spinach and tomato were tossed in the balsamic verses squirted on the bun where it soaked in. There was a generous portion of goat cheese. I also had a side of the sweet potato fries with evoo, garlic and rosemary. Again as with the balsamic the evoo, garlic and rosemary was a dollop that landed on a just few fries - the fries were not completely coated with the "special house seasoning".
1_star I didn't have a good experience here. The food was mediocre at best... and the service was horrible - in fact this was probably the worst service I have ever experienced at a restaurant. Everything was average up until the time we wanted to leave. I wouldn't describe us as being overly impatient but this stands out as absolutely horrible. We asked 3 different people at least 5 times for our bill after waiting 30-45 minutes after finishing eating. Each time they ensured us it was on the way.... but nothing. When we -finally- received the bill there was no apology for the delay. I wouldn't go back or recommend to anyone.
5_star I went back for a second time since the first time was really good and just as I expected the food was really really good and the staff just as friendly as the first time. now days is hard to find a place that offers healthy and delicious food, im glad my friends recommended this place and ill be coming back for sure.
4_star I'm no seafood aficionado, but this place seemed pretty good to me, and I hope it sticks around because fresh seafood like this (and at these prices) is fairly unusual here in the desert. Our table tried the fish and chips, swordfish, seafood kebab and catfish -- and all were satisfied. As noted in other reviews, the staff is jovial and the atmosphere is pleasant. Whew -- saves me a trip to Boston!
5_star For what this place is, it's amazing. The Banh Mi is better at other places, but the Baos, squid taco, grilled chicken papaya salad and the kimchi fries are unique items that set Banh Mi Boys apart. Try the secret menu "Club Bao" (with pork belly & fried chicken). Staff are always high energy and the vibe is good. (There seems to be a West Coast hip hop bias here though, I'm more of an East Coast guy but whatever) If you live or work in urban Toronto this is a place you should frequent often.
1_star Perhaps the slowest service I've ever experienced. Manager came over to tell me they forgot to drop the boneless wings. Like that matters to me. It was all you can eat night, have enough people on staff to handle it! Wings came out burned. Knife had rust on it. Bad experience!! They offered a 6% discount which hardly numbed the pain from the poor experience. When I first sat at the bar, the bartender was too busy flirting with a guy at the bar to even notice me. I waited a good 10 minutes for a beer. Poor poor service!
2_star I'm a bit of a sushi snob, so when I heard that the Bellagio was finally getting into the game, I was definitely intrigued. Didn't get a chance to try it until now, and the results aren't impressive... The wait wasn't too bad; around 10 minutes for 5 on a Saturday night so a few members of our party decided to go play some blackjack while they waited. While they were gone, we were seated and placed our drink orders. A few moments after our entire party returned, yet neither the waitress nor the sake attendant could be bothered to acknowledge their arrival or take their drink orders. Pretty tacky... The service didn't get much better from there. Sake came quickly, but anything from the bar took way too long without any explanation. When we finally ordered our food, our waitress missed two of the items, most of our 2nd round of drinks and then checked in on us very infrequently. I suppose to her credit, she admitted her shortcomings and offered us a free dessert, but it would have been nicer had she just been on her game from the beginning. The food wasn't much better. Sushi was an embarrassment. Ordered a lobster roll; the lobster was alright, but the mango was nowhere to be found and the roll was simply too small to justify the price. The toro was nowhere near as delicious as toro should be and I'm not sure there was actually any wasabi on the nigiri. The hot food does deserve a little praise. The rock shrimp in a korean chili sauce was very tasty, although the sauce made the shrimp on the bottom of the bowl a bit soggy. The kobe tartar and kobe filet were the highlights of the meal, but again...way too small for nearly $40 a plate. I'm aware it's the Bellagio, so obviously things are going to be a bit higher then an off-strip place, but that's not an excuse to rip people off and you better have your execution down. This wasn't the case at all, so it deserves no more then two stars. If you're on this part of the strip looking for good sushi, I'd recommend Sushi Roku across the street at Caesars.
3_star this place is mediocre. service was ok and atmosphere was not just there. maybe i went on an off time. the burger prices were a bit more than i have expected. on that note, the burgers tasted great, its a bit small but very good. fries come with the burgers which is always a plus on my side, i love fries. the prices for the shakes are comparable to the burgers. the shakes are a really good size. the burger size is comparable to a big mac in diameter. the heights is about the same as well. just take the middle bun out of it. the fries..... i think they ran out of fries. it was like they sprinkled some fries on the side to cover up some white space. bummer for me. the shakes came out real fast though, the cups they use are not pre-refrigerated so the drink tends to melt fairly quick. the meal as a whole was good, it filled me up. was my first time here so i had to figure out where to go pay for the meal. which is at the counter. the cash lady not very pleasant, actually discouraged me from tipping in general. this place is like a self serve eatery. all they do is seat you, take your order, bring it out, done. its been about 6 months since i've eaten here so hopefully it got better. still, this place has not crossed my mind once to go eat until now going through yelp.
3_star Been going there off and on for many years. Breakfast is always good, with lots of coffee fillups, friendly service, and cost-effective. It's basically comfort food at reasonable prices. The lunch and dinner specials are pretty good, and consistent. If you head out for breakfast on the weekend, expect to wait, it gets super busy. Jim
2_star Pros: Great German Bier and entertainment. Cons: Food is terrible. No German Bread Basket. Spaetzle was "rubbery", the sauerkraut had no flavor, the mustard was NOT typical German spicy mustard, the wurst plate was fair, the chicken lacked flavor. I came here three times to give it an honest review and tried multiple dishes...they claim it is "just like the Hofbrauhaus in Munich"...not so...been at the Munich HB House and the food there is excellent. Bottom line, if you want good German Bier and fun night time entertainment, then this is a good venue...but stay away from the food.
4_star We were here for an early Sunday brunch. As you know, Cafe Boulud is a part of chef Daniel Boulud's restaurant empire; the flagship restaurant is Daniel in NYC. But I digress. Cafe Boulud is on the 2nd floor of Four Seasons Hotel. For those of you not familiar with Toronto, this Four Seasons does not have a sign outside, it's a tall, shiny building with a fountain, and it is easy to miss. We passed the D bar on the 1st floor and walked up the stairs, to be greeted by a friendly hostess who asked if we had a reservation before leading us to a table in a nearly empty restaurant. The ambiance is quiet, comfortable, bright, luxurious, and modern. We enjoyed the lattes, lemon ricotta hotcakes, and benedict florentine, which were served promptly by our amiable, unobtrusive, efficient waiter. All in all, Cafe Boulud is exactly what you would expect from an expensive hotel restaurant. A good place to eat and linger a little, if you live in the area or are staying at the Four Seasons.
1_star my husband & i love cracker barrel ... but ... this location is far from freshness as compared to many others. his order for scrambled eggs looked and acted like a precooked boxed from a cafeteria, though the waitress claimed they're made to order. a "new" plate of eggs looked the same except that it was of larger portion. his sausage patty tasted like it was under the food heater a little to long then got cold as he couldn't get over the texture and grease. my biscuit was hot on the outside but luke warm & dry on the inside. again, possibly under a food warmer too long. needless to say, we couldn't even finish our meals and asked for the check, seeing that the waitress tried to avoid us after questioning the eggs. we will not return to this particular restaurant.
2_star I took the advice of a friend and stuck with safe menu choices. Steak wasn't bad. Went back for lunch (Im staying two blocks away) and had very boring salmon and pasta. Mediocre wine overpriced. Only bother to return at lunch cos it's too cold to walk further. Had stuffed cod....not bad, but tiny. Wish DISH were open for lunch.
1_star I have been coming here for a few years. The entire staff has changed, including the DJ.. During Super Bowl weekend we stopped in to grab some wings etc. that night we experienced HORRIBLE service for the first time. The waiter was a white middle age gentleman that seemed to be high on something (drugs etc) he at one point mentioned he was an undercover cop. Why.. We had no idea. However the wings are so amazing we thought we would try it one more time. Unfortunately, the same weirdo waiter with his hat on backwards was still working there. Still acting as if he was on drugs. Sushi Was not good,wings amazing as usual. Customer service was HORRIBLE!! The employees had zero knowledge of happy hour times/prices. We will NEVER return. I have told many, many people about this place. I will now tell them all to NEVER go back. The owner needs to reevaluate what's going on. I rate this place a big fat zero!! Zero stars .. However in order for it to post it has to at least have a one star rating.
3_star I want to preface this review with the disclaimer that Michael's is a fast food restaurant that serves fast-food quality food. So, that being said, I am not really writing this review as if the food here stacks up to a local sit-down place. The hamburgers, cheese curds, fries and onion rings that I have had here are pretty good on a fast food scale. The reason that I am giving them 3 stars (which I think is generous for a fast food place) is because they have this promotion where you can get their burger of the month (this is a selection from their regular menu) and fries for $5. $5 for an ok burger and fries is a pretty good deal. In addition, service has always been fast and they give my dog treats when we go through the drive through.
5_star Loved this place! Excellent sushi. Fantastic, friendly service. Don't miss the Yoshi Roll or the Cucumber Wrap. And the fresh homemade wasabi is amazing. Best sushi I've had in Vegas in years.
3_star Better for the fact that it's open 24/7 than the quality of its food. Merry Ann's is definitely a place to recover from a rough night. I just love breakfast.
2_star Came here for dim sum yesterday, Christmas Eve. The place was packed but the line up wasn't overly huge at 1pm. All I can say is the food looked and tasted "bleh".
4_star Awesome for a quick bite downtown. Tiny spot, sometimes there's a lineup, but as of late the lineups are smaller.
3_star Ambiance and service were fantastic, but I was expecting my dry aged rib eye to be a little more mind blowing for the price point. The sauces that accompanied were a pleasant surprise though -- great steak doesn't need sauce, but when it does need it, it's nice to have a good selection. One thing to keep in mind, if you've ever been tempted to take up a restaurant staff's offer of taking a picture of you and your date over dinner.... don't do it here. It's standard practice to conveniently refrain from quoting a price until after they've already made the prints and put them in a nice folder, but brace yourself for JG. 70 bucks? Yeah, I'll pass on that one.
2_star The parking lot was nearly empty, but as soon as we got to the drive through they told us to wait for 10 minutes while they took care of the line inside. They were out of more than 50% of the menu. We had to repeat our simple request 3x before they understood it. Then before we were even done with our order, they cut us off with our total and told us to pull forward. Crap service for sloppy, sub par food. Not coming back.
1_star Don't be fooled. Rainbow Krazy Buffet doesn't have crab legs as pictured! Went in, was waiting for crab legs to arrive on the buffet, never showed. I asked about it, they said no more crab legs. The manager at the desk seemed totally unconcerned that I was unhappy but was totally happy to take my payment after we'd been there 15 minutes. When I complained that it was bad advertising to show crab legs pictured in the website she just looked at me. DON'T go to Rainbow Krazy Buffet, staff couldn't care less about you and they have no desire to make things right when confronted. What a joke for a restaurant!
3_star I work in the area and so eat here fairly often. I get the ginger beef noodle dish and usually like it. The beef is different every time I go (ground, strips, chunks...) but it all tastes the same. Only real complaint is how salty everything is!
1_star This place continues to decline...we have been increasingly disappointed each time and last night was the final nail in the coffin. We called ahead to see if the game we wanted to watch was on there. First the person on the phone said, "I think we get that channel..." "Can you check?" "Yes, that game is on, I am watching it right now." We were there within 15 minutes, but it wasn't on. We were seated and 4 of the 9 tvs in our section were all showing the Ohio State -Wisconsin game which no one was watching. I asked if one screen (any of the 4) could be switched since none of the tables were watching, they said no. Our poor server had a party of 18 in addition to ours and other tables (i was in the restaurant industry for years, you don't do this), so we rarely saw him. When he first came to the table we said we weren't going to order right away, he said, "And what will you have? " Apparently waiting to order wasn't an option. The two at the host stand were repeatedly asked how long the wait was and repeated the same answer each time,"There's no way of knowing because the ASU game is on." The biggest issue with that was that it was only on one screen in our half of the dining room, so it wasn't impacting table turns much, but most guests just left upon being told this. Another group who came in when we did had tried to call ahead for seating and we're told they don't do that. They were quite upset to see several tables pulled together for a different large group coming in...apparently that rule doesn't apply to everyone. The food was okay, but just okay. Average food and terrible service maybe used to fly in Gilbert, but new competition is springing up every day. We will be taking our business there and giving them a shot, because we will never return here.
2_star My husband and I went before the show at Stand Up Live. The service was very slow, but the waitress was very nice. The Maria Maria Bloody Mary was great, but that's where the greatness stops. My husbands 1st beer was flat, the food was not at all impressive. We ordered the Cheese Bites, Filet Bites and Burger. The cheese bites had no flavor and it was like we were eating air, the filet was cooked like it was roast beef, served with a huge toping of horseradish, and the burger came with the smallest patty served on the biggest bun I'd ever seen. We asked for medium but received well done. We have heard great things about Copper Blues, but we left thinking it was way over rated. We will go back to see the bands and have some drinks, but we will be full before we get there.
1_star I got chicken sandwich with bbq sauce. fries and salade.sandwich and salade were very oily and fat.The sandwich was not what i expected it was loke checkdn burger and really not good. I dont recommrnd anyone to take it.Fries got dried and was intermediate quality. paied 3$ for small tea!!
3_star After searching for a place for brunch, we came across this restaurant on our walk. We had the les folies which was everything imaginable on a plate including 2 eggs, crepes, potatoes, bacon, sausage, fruit and beans. Also had the banana and chocolate crepes that came with fruit, potatoes. We really enjoyed the potatoes. Cute place to grab a bite, nothing extraordinary, but worth checking out if you're hungry.
2_star The food is great; dine in service is good too; but every time we order take out, something is always wrong. There have been times where they tell me it will be ready in 30 min. I get there 30 min later and still have to wait another 45 min. Another time, they get half the order wrong and then I had to wait for them to make it all over again without even offering any type or compensation like letting me keep the wrong order. When someone orders take out, more than likely, they have limited time, so constantly wasting the customers time due to these circumstances gets annoying.
1_star I had ordered a soup and this was the first restaurant that I had visited where the pepper had already been added as it came out of the kitchen; rather seemed like they put in a spoonful over the soup, rather than having the customer take care of that. The soup had too much of pepper.
1_star We came here for breakfast based on the Yelp reviews. However, 45 minutes after we placed our order we were still waiting for drinks!! I have to go directly to the front and ask if they can at least bring our drinks! Some people left the place, because no one came to their table to get their order! Our food came 50 minutes after we placed the order, and silverware 5 minutes after. Food was good (3 stars) but service scores a negative -1!! The place needs a good manager!
5_star 4.5 stars, but I'll give it a 5! I was surprised to see a Korean restaurant pop up in place of Los Mariachis. I had a great experience here - cool ambiance, a sizeable but not overwhelming menu, large portions, and excellent service. Ambiance - The place has a dark interior with comfortable enough seating. I enjoyed not having generic fluorescent lighting, and the fish tank added a lot. Booths were available on the side walls, and there was a K-drama playing on the TV. Menu - One interesting thing about the menu is that after the Korean name for the dish, the explanation was in English, which I've found to be a rarity. Unfortunately, there's no phonetic romanization of the Korean name, so you'll have to figure out the dishes from the descriptions. There's also soju available. Service - My servers were very attentive, constantly refilling water, giving us more rice, and helping to explain some things from the menu and which dishes were which. They seemed like they could make recommendations pretty effectively, if you're not familiar with Korean food. Food - Again, the portions were pretty huge! We ordered the jjamppong/champong (spicy seafood noodle soup) and the ojingo bokkum (spicy stir fried squid), and we had a hard time finishing the soup and finished half of the squid. The noodles were good and very spicy - not overcooked, though I was hoping for more noodles - and the dish came with a whole prawn, mussels, and squid. While I would have liked a larger quantity of seafood, I'd take quality over quantity. The squid was hot and tasty, and had a large amount of scallions and onions. I was especially happy that we had banchan (side dishes), about 6, and a steamed egg. Price - Our dishes were pretty reasonable, about $9 each, but the price range varied a bit. Obviously, the barbecue dishes are more expensive, but I was disappointed that the pancake appetizers were a bit pricier than I would have liked. Still, we got a lot of seafood for our $9, and the banchan always make it worthwhile.
2_star The service was terrible and they wouldn't accept my bill because it was wrinkly. Most of the games they had were out of order. The food was alright but not enough choices
4_star I have been there a number of times and have tried a variety of food items and I enjoyed them all. The nachos are huge so be prepared to share them with some friends. The ribs are one of my favorites. The staff was friendly and helpful. Great place to hang with your friends and/or watch a game. I will definitely continue to go there. Enjoy!
5_star The BEST place for soon tofu! The flavour just can't get any better. Services are always speedy and pleasant. One of the waitresses is very friendly and sweet. I went there 4 times in a month and will definitely frequent!
2_star Food was 7 out of 10 for this type of bar / restaurant. Service was extremely poor and bar service was also extremely poor. Untrained and understaffed bartenders will keep me from coming back. No reason to not be able to get a drink when sitting at the bar.
3_star We came for the soft opening, so we knew that it might not the same experience expected from Guu. We were quickly seated at the bar, and noticed that there was a strong hot air draft where we were seated. It was very hard to breathe and my eyes were getting dry but this was quickly turned off when the waiter noticed that I was trying to find the source of hot air. Sign of good customer service. We ordered a variety of items on the menu including smoked monkfish liver, beef tongue and many different skewers. I really enjoyed the monkfish liver - it was actually my favorite dish of the night. The beef tongue was okay, a little chewy but good flavors. Very smokey. Upon tasting the first skewers that came out, my boyfriend commented on the temperature of the grill, that it wasn't hot enough. While I don't know much about grilling or temperatures, I trust his judgement in this area. As we received the rest of our skewers, each one had more char, and better flavor and texture. Of the skewers we ordered, my favorites were the liver, pork cheek, and pork belly. My least favorite was the sasami or chicken tenderloin; I found it a little dry and not enough flavor. I believe that there is great potential here at kintori, and will eventually live up to the standards set by its Guu counterpart.
3_star honestly chef? I was expecting so much better!!! ok it's not a bad place of course, sitting in the famous Paris hotel and with Ramsay's hand motions made into a light... interesting idea. i ordered (of course) the famous beef wellington and husband ordered striplion steak, it was a big piece, he said it tasted pretty good. so the beef wellington, after watching and hearing it over and over on his shows, i was imagining someting that will blow me off the chair, but after the first bite, i thought "oh so this is what is like", and... that's it. well, the fillet migon was very nice, melts in my mouth, can you imagine a chunk of beef that melts? but the crust becomes soggy so fast so i didn't really enjoy the combination of some wet soft pastry and a piece of perfect steak.. we also ordered two appertizers, fried pork belly (1 piece) and yellowfin sashimi (2 pieces) and two drinks. bill came to $230 overall. would i go again? maybe when they bring scallop risotto to the main menu. ps. i think our server needs more training, he doesn't know how to make suggestions, maybe cuz everyone asks for beef wellington?
3_star We have been here three times now, experience was different each time. First two times after Cardinal's game was great. Food came out quickly and service was attentive. Went in the other day and they made our pizza wrong two times and also had to get up to ask for service, even though place was empty except one other group. Only rating three stars because of two positive experience, otherwise would have been 1 star.
3_star Beef was dry, chicken was good. Hummas was plain. Price was ok. Nothing special.
1_star Clearly a lot of Asian people eat here which is or says something! BUT cold egg rolls - and water glasses that smell they just had a cup of bleach in them isn't good or safe !. Where is the Nevada state health board? Keeping hundreds of thousands safe?.
4_star This is a no-frills casual spot that offers many interesting entrees (most are $10 or less) - most come with a hearty salad with amazing homemade dressing which is like a sweet/spicy french dressing. The jambalaya is my fav and have been ordering it for over 20 years - highly recommend! They always have a great selection of cakes -I think Dufflet and some local bakers - never been disappointed with the quality of their cakes/pies (always fresh). Good brunch spot on weekends - excellent french toast (baked, so very light), real maple syrup, topped with real whipped cream and fresh fruit. Coffee is decent but won't over impress - but always fresh. Service can be slow at times as there is only ever one server but I think it's worth it (hence the 4 stars).
1_star I ordered the hamburger steak, one of my favorite foods. I got really excited to see a huge hamburger patty, like the size of your face huge. The I cut into it and the coloring was kind of funny.. I inspected it better to come to the conclusion that about 98% of the patty consisted of some type of filler. bread maybe? I have no idea, it's like the color of breakfast sausage patties. I feel kind of grossed out eating this. I can see areas where there is actually hamburger in there to compare with the filler. I don't understand why anyone would have the audacity to make a "hamburger" patty this way. I am extremely disappointed, still hungry, and grossed out. Hamburger Steak is NOT recommended, it is NOT hamburger.
5_star Awesome place, I took my daughter for her birthday and she loved it as well. Quite, clean and wonderful staff.
3_star Nothing to complain about, but I would say there are other restaurants that serve up pretty much the same things as Waffles Incaffeinated. So, unless I was in the area or lived nearby, I probably wouldn't come back. The menu is a decent size, but I did expect to see more inventive and varied uses of the waffle, considering this is the premise of the restaurant. There's basically two kinds of sweet waffles (berries or a combo of bananas and chocolate) or a few savory waffles (a normal breakfast with a waffle thrown in). The waffles themselves are also nothing spectacular. It almost tasted like the waffles were just microwaved. They weren't golden brown or with that nice crisp crust, but instead more soft and chewy. Now for the positives, as I did, overall, enjoy my meal there. The service is quick and you can use the "No Wait" app to put yourself on the waitlist.
2_star Ambience: 2/5 One of my coworkers recommended me this poutine joint and I finally found time to try it out. The ambience of the place kind of threw me off. It was quite dark inside. Food: 2/5 I ordered their special with braised beef. The beef was pretty good but it was cold and not mixed in with the fries or gravy. It took me a while to work everything in to get mixed which inadvertently cools the entire poutine. The fries were super crunchy but I also found a few that looked suspicious (mouldy-ish). Service: 3/5 The waiter did her job but I felt as if she was a little pushy. Overall: 2/5 Overall it was a pretty big disappointment for me especially when it was about $15 for just a poutine. I've had ones in Montreal for less but was much better. I will probably come back and give it another try with another item just because it might have been an off day for them.
1_star Beer selection week af. Refused to put the Raptors playoff game on the TV!?! Go somewhere else.
1_star This place is terrible. Nothing like the original at Westgate. This one caters to people shopping at the mall in a bind and it shows. Highly unskilled chefs, wait staff and the recipes were just off from the real Benihana.
1_star Horrible! We arrived at 930 and were told it would be a 30 min wait. One hour later, after complaining and suggesting they more tables (that were not being used ) together to seat us we finally received a table. We then say at the table for another hour waiting for our food. It took 20 mins to receive the water we ordered, after reminding the waitress several times. When we finally received out drinks we were told it would be awhile before we received our food. We had to constantly remind the waitress to refill our drinks. We were finally served our food at 1130. Not worth the wait!!
2_star I've been around the blocks a few times and I do know my pizza. It's g-d's perfect food, if it's made right. We all like our favourite style of pizza, be it either Chicago's Deep Dish, Montreal's Greco-Roman or the real deal, Neapolitan thin crust; it's all good because we each have different tastes. How else to judge a pizzaiolo's work but to sample a simple Margherita pizza? My take on Brigade's version of Margherita pizza is that the dough was a tad chewy, the tomato sauce a bit watery and the fresh basil shouldn't be baked with the pizza. Oh yeah one more thing, I wanted my pizza baked a longer, but they couldn't or wouldn't follow that simple instruction. You shouldn't assume you know better than what the customer likes. As for the restaurant itself it's located downtown in the heart of tourist territory yet I had to translate the wall menu for our American guests because it's only posted in French. Not nice !!!! The pizza was edible , out of 10 I'd give it a 6.5.
2_star Dined here tonight for a retirement dinner. Service was slow, had to go ask for steak sauce repeatedly, potatoes appeared after I had finished grilling my steak, the salad bar wasn't refilled so I had to locate another station just to get a salad and the sticky bathroom floor was yucky. Just not a good experience. Way too much money for what I experienced.
2_star I really wanted to love this place. It's really good for Cleveland. A beautiful new building right on the river on the east bank of the flats. Really nice boardwalk highlights the outside. Inside there is a nice and busy bar. Unfortunately the food was below average and the drinks were terrible. I had the crispy whole fish and my guest had the lobster roll. We started with oysters. Very disappointing on all fronts. Zach Bruell should be able to get this right, but it's not there yet. I will return in the summer for cocktails outside on the deck. But I won't be returning for dinner anytime soon. I recommend Blue Point Grill for oysters or Zach's Parallax for seafood
3_star Burger Bar is a small burger chain by French chef Hubert Keller. This place is basically a higher scale build-your-own burger restaurant where just about every ingredient costs some extra money. What you see here is the Australian wagyu beef patty with swiss cheese and fois gras on top. Yep, a fat piece of fois gras on top. The burger was cooked medium and was very juicy. In fact, it was soaking juicy which caused the bun to to be way too wet. The fois gras by itself tasted creamy but was hardly seasoned. When paired with the wagyu burger, it absolutely did not mix at all. It was like eating a big piece of fat. All in all, I thought it was just an OK burger joint due to the price, but it's definitely a decent lunch spot if you're in Las Vegas.
5_star This is my favorite place to get seafood in the valley. Everything I've tried is a hit. Great po boy with big portions of shrimp/oysters. Clam strips, oysters, clam chowder all delish! Even my kids chx fingers were tasty. Staff is always friendly, it's nice & clean.
5_star Excellent food, a wide variety of different pasta, seafood, steaks. The etouffee was delicious with plenty of sauce to rice ratio. The chicken alfredo was more than enough for a hungry 7 year old. The finale was the chocolate mouse cake! The service was excellent thanks to the waitress Melissa! Great date place with table cloths and cloth napkins and a chilled fork for your salad.
4_star H O L Y C H U C K. Seriously. They need to E X P A N D their booger-sized estate. The space is tiny compared to the ever so large patrons...both in size and quantity. I mean really "our business is burgers" (I don't know anyone that would disagree with that statement) they didn't think they're customers were mostly going to be chuck e cheese goers, did they? As a burger establishment that sells the city's GREASIEST, YUMMIEST, FATTIEST, BURGERS...they should've foreseen the inevitably obvious future of their not so pint-sized fans. Just READ THE MENU, people who've just completed a marathon, smoked a fat blunt, or truly enjoy good food without a conscience would patronize this burger joint. Grilled cheese buns, layers of grease and bacon, patty after patty, no veggies, cheese slices every layer, caramelized onions, fries, etc. is what their burgers consist of. There's no need for chewing these burgers, the second you get it, the first thing you'll realize is the DRIPPING GREASE. EVERY DROP COUNTS, DON'T LET IT DRIP, SHIT IS UNBELIEVABLE. That grease is what LUBRICATES the esophagus, allowing the (chewed or unchewed) food to kind of just slide or drizzle down the tube to your stomach. It's softer, lighter, and airier than cotton candy. Someone wanted burger/ meat/ bacon/ cheese flavoured cotton candy? Oh, no bigs, Holy Chucks gotchu. It's so airy, even if it went down the wrong tube into the trachea, you wouldn't choke. The only other issue I might have to go along with their booger-sized estate is maybe their BOOGER-SIZED BURGERS! EXPAND THAT TOO. (Though maybe it's for the better and sparing the arteries and heart attacks of the general population) ** FOR THE MONSTER WHO KILLED THE HOLY CHUCK CHALLENGE IN 2:40. DAMN BRO. You have my respect sir.
1_star I went here for lunch with my family, and I have to say this is the worse ayce sushi I have been to and I will never return here. First of all the server knocked over our tea and did not even apologize. Second of all the food here is not even hot it was served lukewarm. Last but not least the sushi rolls and hand rolls were served almost frozen. Worst experience ever.
5_star This is our favorite dinner spot close to the house. Everything we have had from there has been great and it's the most cozy feeling restaurant around. They get pretty busy on Friday and Saturday but the wait is normally pretty sort and worth it. The crab soup is out of this world good and no visit complete without it.
4_star Generally, I have enjoyed my visits to the Free House Pub. The bartenders know how to make a good drink there. Their Free House Pub Old Fashioned is well-balanced and strong. They have a great whiskey selection and good beer options. They make a good sandwich here. Anything with turkey on it involves thick cut turkey breast that is moist and flavorful. They use cherrywood smoked bacon which is fabulous, and strong cheeses. The garlic Parmesan fries are so delicious! Crisp fries with shaved parm and a strong garlic flavor. A friend of mine swears by the sweet potato fries and another by the spicy Asian slaw. The cheese curds we ordered were overcooked, with little cheese left inside the breading. Bummer. Overall, good food, good service, great beverages. They also have a very nice patio!
4_star In my opinion, there's two things you should know before going here: it's cash only and will be a completely hectic ordering experience. The other reviewers have all the info you need to know on types of burritos and the ordering experience. My favorite is the chicken inside-out burrito without hot sauce. (I once got it and found it too hot, but I'm not normally a hot-hot sauce person.) I absolutely love the food but Freshwest loses a point because I don't like being yelled at to come to the cash to pay or being rushed (to an insane degree) when ordering.
5_star Taiwanese food in las Vegas... This place is like eating in my grandma's house in Taiwan... Nostalgia and authenticity make this place worth visiting!
3_star Update from review given 8/9/16. Babalu's customer service manager reached out to our group and it is evident they are indeed taking heart to hear the issues with customer service and food. I went back for dinner on 8/27/16 with a group of 6 people. I personally ordered the tuna and salmon small plates. They were both very good. One person ordered the chorizo and shrimp and stated it was very good. 4 people ordered the tacos and that was hit or miss. 3 of the people said they liked the tacos and one person said the tacos lacked flavor and did not finish his last one. I jokingly told him that I had hinted to order the American fare and he took his chances anyway :-) The pinnacle was the bread pudding. OMG ... the trip is worth the bread pudding alone... which I wish I would have gotten, my friend only gave me a sample. It was AMAZING, warm, and delicious served with whipped cream and strawberries. I personally got the Mexican Chocolate fudge which was a mistake. I was expecting a Mexican chocolate flavor with spicy heat and cinnamon, and instead I got the taste of bittersweet dark chocolate and salt. No, no, no. Another friend got the pineapple empanadas served with a scoop of ice cream and it was very, very good. It reminded me of a fruit turnover rather than a Mexican fruit empanada (due to the flavor inside). Again, if you stick to the Southern fare you should be good. Our server Jordyn was very pleasant and took good care of us. The only little slip was I asked the manager for a to go box when he asked about our experience and he never came back and hence I never received one, so I just put my dessert in some napkins and took it with me. Otherwise, the service organization was much better this time around, we all got the order we submitted correctly.
2_star The menu says-- NEW NEW Gluten Free Pasta...........................................$10.99, but if you order it, it is an additional $5.99 for gluten free pasta, making it almost $17.00. Does this make sense? I had an extensive conversation with the waiter and he talked to the owner and this is their policy. I instead ordered the gluten free chicken parmesan from the gluten free menu --the salad came with croutons and the dinner came with regular pasta. You guessed it, it would be an additional $5.99 for GF pasta, making it almost $19.00! I expect confusion from most places, but not someone who offers GF options on their menu!
1_star We wanted to sit outside and enjoy dinner but they have a stupid band that starts at 8pm. Way too early. What a waste
3_star Went there Wednesday for breakfast before flying out since we were staying at Vdara. $43 for 2 people. The coffee was good and our service was 4 stars, but the food overall was subpar. All the hot food on the buffet line was lukewarm at best. The scrambled eggs were seriously undercooked and the omelet station used carton scrambled eggs not fresh eggs. It's a shame that such a beautiful property such as Aria has such a mediocre buffet.
5_star I don't usually give 5 star reviews but I based this on the food, the service, and whether or not I would go back. It's been years since I visited a Red Robin. I went there a few weeks ago and I had a great hamburger and the service was great. I'm looking forward to my next visit.
4_star Even though this is a "pancake house" I've never had their pancakes so can't review on those. However, they have really awesome omelet breakfasts. I love that you can choose from several on the menu or pick from a list of ingredients to build your own. They serve them with potatoes and toast and it is always a ton of food. The service has always been exceptional, especially Rosie. She is friendly and fast without seeming overwhelmed. She is probably the best server I've ever had anywhere.
3_star Benihana is a chain restaurant, but the food is pretty good. It can get quite expensive though, especially if you adds drinks or an appetizer such as sushi.
4_star We had dinner here on a Sat. Night. I got the seafood pasta. It was really good and liked the flavor and spice of the red sauce. Typically, I like a thicker sauce though... It was a thin sauce. My date got the veal. He really liked it. We had a nice glass of wine. Overall, a very pleasant meal, good service, and a nice atmosphere.
1_star The food is mediocre, nothing special. Service was HORRIBLE, never have i experienced such bad service in my life. Took more than an hr for the food to finally come and after a 2 rounds of AYCE, the waitress said that our time was up. So we asked if we can order once more and stay longer to finish the food and she said it was ok. Then the real horrible service came when another waitress came along and asked us if we had enough sarcastically , and that we overstayed our welcome. We told her the other waitress said it was ok and told her if they didn't take an hr to bring us our food maybe we would be gone by now. So then we told her that she has really bad service, and she said, well that's our opinion. Then with a smirk and grumbling she walked away. 2 mins later she comes back with our food and said, now are you happy? Then she hovers over us and stares at us while we ate the last plates. And finally as we were leaving another waitress comes to clean up and thank us, and the rude waitress comes along and tells her not to thank us and that we are not worth thanking. Honestly if you decide to put a time limit to the AYCE menu, then maybe try serving the food quicker. Customers should not be forced to leave when they are not yet full. Also even if the customer is rude which we were not, the waitress should not be starting arguments with the customers. DO NOT GO TO THIS RESTAURANT UNLESS YOU WANT MEH FOOD AND WANNA BE TREATED BADLY.
2_star First time and last time I'm coming here service is horrible no utensils on the table had to take from another table no rice the waitress said it comes last but never showed up no water refills it wasn't that busy also I'm sure they could have easily served a party of 7 at least all the other Kbbq places we've been to could and they write the tip on the check for you. Only reason we came by is cause someone suggested it at least we know now not to come here ever again 2 stars cause the pork belly the only decent meat they had
4_star hard to write a food review for a restaurant that changes it's menu everyday ..since i can write what i want but no one else will be eating what i ate. but that's kind of the beauty of it. you find out at the beginning of the week what the rest of the week's menu will be. there tends to be one theme or thing that remains consistent throughout the week. but the mains definitely change. the food is done well. more than reasonable portions - we were STUFFED! service is really attentive. they take their time starting you, and bringing you food. it's all well paced. the place is bustling with noise. mixed crowd of people who've dressed up or dressed smart. dim-lit. good ambiance for all crowds and all occasions. overall i would return for a new menu and new experience all over again.
5_star Oh my Olive I this this place oufffffffffffffffffffff gives me chillllz, they got the goood stufff here!!! must try special of the day
4_star Good atmosphere. Have been here a couple of times the food is really good. For breakfast you can't beat the french toast and I had a burger for lunch which was above average. Overall reccomended.
2_star Brenda's daughter took us here for breakfast one Saturday morning instead of going to the local Denny's or IHOP. She insisted that it had some good food and the overall reviews said it was pretty good. When we got there, there were quite a few people ahead of us so hopefully that spoke to the quality of the food--unfortunately it didn't. After a long wait in line we finally were seated and greeted by a waitress who didn't seem like she really wanted to be there either (she probably already tasted the food). We ordered our coffee and juice and stared at the menu. Brenda and I both have an adventurous palate and are willing to try anything at least once. However, there is a difference between adventurous and just plain crazy. When you read the menu, nothing jumps out and says "Hey! Pick me! I'm really tasty." Quite the opposite--the food and flavor combinations of everything except the pancakes don't even begin to sound like they'll work together. However, to be polite, we placed our orders and waited for the food. I had the only thing that sounded somewhat normal to me; the corned beef has with red onions and Swiss cheese. By the way, they have a no substitutions policy and they do enforce it. The service here isn't any better than the food. Wait staff is slow and you may or may not have everyone's meal served at the same time.As we waited for the food to arrive, we saw that the portions they brought out were huge--even bigger than what we get at Black Bear. Unsurprisingly, with the amount of people here, the wait for the food was about 40 minutes, which is a bit long for breakfast. Apparently because the food is all "homemade", it prevents the kitchen staff from having any type of timing system to ensure everyone at the table is served at the same time. When my food was placed in front of me, I just kind of stared at it. It certainly wasn't what I was expecting when I ordered corned beef hash. Instead of a neat presentation, I faced a huge pile of potatoes and the hash topped with a slice of cheese and two overcooked eggs. Sticking out of the top of this monstrosity was a rosemary tree. Normally, I would expect something like this to have the hash grilled and then have the cheese placed on top and remixed once it the cheese melted before putting it on the plate. I also expected the "crispy" potatoes to be on the side. Since they were thrown in with the hash, they were soggy from all the grease. The food itself lacked any real flavor and no amount of salt and pepper really did anything to improve it. Sure, the portions were huge, but that just meant more wasted food at the end of the meal. Quality is a bit more important that quantity. Their motto is "Twisted Farm Food." I'm not sure what farms they're visiting, but it doesn't conjure up any memories of food I ate growing up in Pennsylvania Dutch country. Head on over to IHOP, Denny's or Black Bear if you want a better meal at a cheaper price.
4_star Love this little hidden gem. The best thing my family ate was the shrimp po-boy sandwich, the hush puppies and the tea. Yum. We will be back.
5_star This was one of the stops on my recent restaurant.com tour of dining in Vegas. The $25.00 coupon made it a screaming deal. I had the signature Sage Fried Chicken Benedict. It was much better this time than the last time I had it. Perhaps it was because I had a lower blood alcohol content. It's just so much food. It provided breakfast the next morning too. My son (9) had the kids burger with fries. He too got about half way through it. It appeared to be a real hand formed patty. He ordered a side of bacon to add to the burger. I had a piece. I wish bacon like that could be bought in the grocery store. My wife had the Griddled Cheese Sandwich. Delicious and a great value at $10.95. The Bloody Marys were average and I thought overpriced. Not what I would consider 5 star. The service was superior. I think the best service I had anywhere during my recent 3 days in Vegas. They were not crowded, which was nice, on Tuesday about 8PM when we visited.
1_star It is astounding to me how a business can let customers just walk out the door because of slow service. They would rather have their customers wait 25 MINUTES for their order than to hire a second person to work a shift...DURING HAPPY HOUR!!! I just watched two customers go next door to the One Stop Nutrition because of the non-moving line. I feel bad for the employee
2_star Pad thai big portion..taste okay...but crushed peanuts not fresh.. Overfried and thin pork chop. Just fast and big portion.
3_star its the palazzo, so it's expensive and pretty over priced. However, food was much better than expected. we got the wonton noodle soup and it was decent, the wontons were actually surprisingly yummy. But then again, most food is welcomed after a night of partying. It is overpriced, and probably not worth it, but since we had a coupon, it was ok. The waitress seemed really out of it, but the decoration is pretty good, high ceilings and good for intimate dinners with friends. Come here if you have a coupon!
1_star I ordered at 5:42 and did not receive our delivery order until 7:30. I called at 6:50 and again at 7:10 and was told both times my order was out for delivery. Ribs were very tough. Food was lukewarm to cold. Explosive diarrhea as well. Will never order from here again.o
2_star Bland, boring, slightly overpriced food - how perfectly fitting for the Yonge/St. Clair corridor. Harsh, maybe, but I have given Freshii many chances and have never failed to be underwhelmed. It's healthy, I suppose, but just not very good.
3_star Disappointed with the food. Steak was ordered but after ordering waiter explained they were out of that particular steak. They offered another steak substitute which cost more. After some persistent discussion they agreed to charge the price of the original order The salad was tasty but very small portion. 4 out of 6 meals were served with wrong sides and barely at room temp. This is a new restaurant but they really need to step it up. Not sure we would return. The noise level was horrible . They need to do something about that as you have to shout to talk to the person across the table.
1_star I was really disappointed with the food. My quesadilla was over cooked and I could barely bite into it. The waitress was great but the hostess clearly did not want to be there. Very let down for it being a Guy restaurant.
5_star Le Burger doesn't receive as much publicity as the other trendier burger places in Vegas, but it is by far the best burger I've had in town, and one of the best burgers I've ever eaten, period. The meat is really juicy and flavorful, and what really makes the burger is the homemade bun (I had the Parmesan). The waffle fries were cooked really well, too. Not sure if it's the best place to really watch sports, though; the TVs are rather small. Sign up for a Total Rewards card at Bally's or Paris to receive a dollar off each menu item. Visited June 2013
1_star Nothing special about their Indian food and costly! Ordered butter chicken and asked twice if it came with rice. Both times they said yes. Walked over to pickup the order and brought it back to my place to eat to only find out that there was no rice!!! Called and told them that they forgot my rice and told them to give me discount. They said no. So told them to deliver and waited but they never came!!!!
1_star Although I absolutely love the chicken and great taste of everything at el pollo loco... This particular location is ALWAYS.... Out of stuff! Everything from.... Cilantro dressing to marinade for chicken to sides to actual CHICKEN!!!! How do u run out of chicken!!?!? And that has happened to me twice! The manager and owner really need to get ahold of the demand for service if they want to raise revenue... Or maybe they are ok... Just serving who they can with WHAT they have. Plus service is a joke! Most employees think it's funny that they are out of supplies! I don't ! Especially when u have already waited in their drive thru for over 20 mins to only hear.... "Sorry ..we r out of chicken AGAIN!!!
3_star Had a spicy yakisoba with vegetables which was not at all spicy. Noodles were perfectly cooked and very chewy but vegetables were undercooked.
1_star Extremely upset with the restaurant tonight. While I understand it's the night before Thanksgiving, that's no excuse for horrible service. We were told 45 minutes for take out. We get to the restaurant and it's another half an hour. A call would have been nice since it's a bit of a hike. The place was so nuts we just went next door for a drink. We checked back after about 22 minutes and our food was ICE cold. Clearly sitting there for a while. Cold cheese pizza is not desirable. Especially when you just dropped over sixty bucks there. Not happy.
3_star I'm a fan since I like Karaoke and late nite eats. This place has both and they are open until 6am! although most of the songs are in Thai, they do have a decent selection of English and Chinese songs as well. A bonus is that the DJ/singer will tune the key to fit your voice so you can sound semi good singing =) The singer/DJ provides the entertainment and is easy on the eyes. he is a well known singer in Thailand and very friendly. That being said, I would like to also point out that the food is not the best. It's quite inconsistent. I give this place 3 stars for the ambience and the singer there.
1_star We order lunch every day for the office, and someone always goes out and picks it up. Ordered Skillets today, and they added an 18% gratuity to a large take-out order. Refused to take the tip off when confronted about it. We will never be going back.
5_star If you really want to taste the real cuban food you have to try this place. Treat is the best, the owners are exceptional, born and raise cubans. Breakfast lunch or dinner always at your service, fast and tasty food!
2_star The service is rude here. They are impersonal and impolite. The food is ok, nothing outstanding but not horrible. They have really good crab ragoons, and their jjajangmyeon is the best you'll find in champaign. In short: food is decent but service is horrible.
4_star I read the reviews before coming here for a nice evening out with the boy. I was excited for some bomb ass steak and prepared for some less than stellar service. Minus one star for the front staff. It's a 5 pm on a Friday and the place is practically empty. Attitude AND 10 minutes to be seated? Give me a break. We skipped appetizers and went straight for entrees. I got the NY Strip and the truffle fritters. The boy got filet minion and mashed potatoes. My boyfriend loved his filet minion. He said it was one of the top five steaks he's had in his life. For him, it was cooked to perfection. Also, I think he was more in love with his mashed potatoes than me, if only during dinner. I kid, he loves me way more than mashed potatoes! I admit, they were great: creamy and not too salty. My 16 ounce NY strip was a behemoth. I had it cooked medium and it was a great steak, but not top 5 for me. The truffle fritters were yummy, but a bit on the strong side. Then in a stroke of genius, I combined a piece of steak and a fritter and KABOOM. Perfection. Too bad I was going into a food coma at that point and only had about 3 bites left in me. We were also given a plate of the 4 dipping sauces and the steak come with a salsa verde. It's on the minty side, which I enjoyed. Of the 4 sauces I liked the hot sauce best (it's yellow). No dessert. Too full. Besides the food: we were seating along the edge of the restaurant along the wall, close to the bar...Nothing kills the mood like a blaring hockey game and bad hits from 2005. Really? Then about 10 minutes later, another couple was seated right next to us...awkward, considering there were at least 3 tables on either side of us that were empty. However, I did note that this is how they were seating everyone. Awkward times for everyone! Thankfully we were close to the end of our meal when a party of 4 were seated near us. They were the 55 year old versions of Jersey Shore. Loud. Obnoxious. Not even funny! At least entertain me if you are going to be that annoying. Ending on a happy note, our waiter was the bomb! John? Jim? Jake? Jeff? Jared? Jacob?...Steve? I feel bad for not remembering but he was friendly, knowledgeable, attentive, etc. The best service I've had in a while. He's what really saved the day and this rating.
1_star HORRIBLE !!! The food was cold and wet in the inside and slimy.. And I ask to get it warmed up and the guy looked at me like a pissed off Mexican and said.. It's the sour cream and guacamole.. I said.. Umm everything is cold.. And he warmed it up and it was just warm and nasty.. Not seasoned and cold the cheese dint melt.. I mean chunks of solid cheese.. Like WTF !!! and THE DAM LOCATION IS HIDDEN !!!!!! Inside another location like wtf AND THE RESTRAINT LOOKS LIKE A DOG POUND !!! Wow !! Just horrible nightmare
3_star This place is great for ambiance and atmosphere. The service was superb and the peach sangria was phenomenal. Unfortunately the food is just OK. The mashed potatoes were not smooth or creamy, the Caesar salad came out with three full romaine leafs and the steak was dry. For the high price of the food, I was hoping for melt in your mouth food but I definitely did not get that.
2_star Pros: -Yummy oysters -Excellent scallop entree -Nice patio area Cons: -Can't sit inside due to overwhelming fishy smell -Slooooow service -Bad cocktails -Not so savory appetizers. Had the burrata special which was awful -Overpriced Conclusion: this fairly new restaurant still has some kinks to work out, service-wise and food-wise.
3_star Personally the hype is not real... Perhaps it was extremely over-hyped up, maybe it was because I 100% sober haha. Idk it wasn't worth $28.50 for a pepperoni pizza. I live in Vegas and if you live here or visit I still think Verrazano Pizza and Rocco's Pizza are the best and waaay cheaper. We got the traditional pepperoni pizza and maybe that was my mistake because I hate salami pepperoni. If I happen to ever go back, I will try one slice of the raved white pizza. The price at Secret Pizza is RIDICULOUS... but what do you expect??? Vegas + Drunk people = Strip prices
5_star Great place for those who are eating carb-free (low carb), got the Delux Burger with a lettuce wrap, and the tomato salad as my side.
3_star Synopsis: Want a respite from the Strip? Here's a cozy place that serves up generous portions of Italian food. Menu is all inclusive and the prices are just as hearty as the dishes you're eating. Unabridged:"Hole in the Plaza" would be a more appropriate title, but who cares when their front door is made from a huge wine barrel? There are several signs advising reservations but our party of two was seated within five minutes on a weekday night. Pick your entree from the many menus posted on the walls. Just because you went a block off the strip doesn't mean prices are cheaper, but they do include their well-known bottomless wine. One sip of the red (or white) wine will tell you that it is not choice but you can drink copious amounts of it. Get into the Vegas spirit and try to finish your carafe, you could even pour it over your head for a wine shower. It's bottomless so they'll bring you another. Garlic bread - our first basket was a bit stale but the second one was fresh, warm, and delicious. I went with the minestrone as my appy, my companion went for the salad. The salad was a bit of a let-down, iceberg lettuce and a bit of sliced veggies on top. The soup was hot and while it wasn't astounding, it was a nice starter. My eggplant parm was a huge slab of eggplant/cheesy goodness on a plate. Perhaps it's because I had skipped lunch that day but I was satisfied with my meal. My dining partner got about 2/3 through her lasagna, then threw in the towel. I don't care for coffee, but I passed my cappuccino to my companion who happily polished off two. She said they were very good. Taste-wise Battista's is like a hybrid of Olive Garden and Bucca. Decor-wise it's a bit like a time capsule: signed pics framed on the walls, memorabilia, and the friendly booths that are comfortably broken in from patrons over the years. Our server was cordial and down-to-earth which was refreshing after dealing with aspiring showgirl/gold-digger waitresses earlier in the day. There was an accordion player who we found slightly annoying but the regulars kept requesting him to play bits of songs sprinkled with corny jokes. (I know, I know, I'm heartless cause I didn't find this elderly man's vocation engaging, but I'm trying to chat with my fam while stuffing my face. Accordion's gotta go.) For a memorable experience and laid back surroundings, this is it. For mind-blowing Italian cuisine, you may want to look elsewhere. Vegetarians - you're limited to several pasta choices and the eggplant parm. Vegans - pasta pomodoro: that's it.
2_star I have been here a few times and the drinks are great. Ceviche is pretty good, otherwise food falls really short for me. I am disappointed every time I think to give it another try.
2_star Alas, my friends, it is with a heavy heart that I must demote Sushi Kaya from five stars to only two. Since August, I have visited this establishment over 20 times, and until recently, always found the quality to be consistent. My last 2 visits (5/1/2010 and 5/12/2010) were extremely disappointing. As usual, my friends and I purchased the All You Can Eat sushi, and proceeded to order our favorites. We were all in good spirits, expecting the feast that was to come - until we saw the food. In the past, I would struggle to eat a piece of Kaya's nigiri sushi in a single bite. The chefs cut the fish thick and broad, so that it completely covered its bed of rice. Not anymore. The mackerel, salmon, and yellowtail nigiri I received had been reduced to half the size, at least. This, in of itself, is not a problem at an AYCE place. I could overlook it as a cost-control measure, if the quality of the fish had not declined to the same pittance as the portion. The fish was decidedly old - even a little dry in spots. The chefs tried to cover up the worst selections with ponzu sauce. I love ponzu, but on nigiri? Sacrilege. Rolls proved more palatable, if only for the multitude of ingredients drowning out the fish.. The only one that was actually delicious was the Spider Roll. However, the sushi artistry I observed on my earlier visits was missing. Each roll appeared sloppy on the plate, and the pieces were difficult to pick up intact. Was the chef too hasty to give a damn about cohesion? Was it his first day on the job? I try not to judge too harshly, but I must also add that the avocados were inexcusable. My avocado lover (an orb-like sculpture of shrimp tempura, spicy tuna, and avocado slices) was inedible. The avocado was so hard and under ripe, I'm surprised it could be sliced at all. If the avocados are so petrified that I can't poke a chopstick through a thin slice, why would a chef deign to serve it? I'm baffled.. The worst discovery of all was the tuna. I'm a big fan of tuna. I *KNOW* what tuna is supposed to look and taste like. What Sushi Kaya currently serves as tuna is decidedly ANYTHING BUT. I don't know what it is, exactly. My best guess is dyed tilapia. It has the strangest shade of pink I've ever seen - like a watermelon jolly rancher. It has almost no flavor at all, and it flakes like a white fish. Tuna: you're doing it wrong. Other small gripes include the watering down of their miso soup, and an unfortunate switch from their previous brand of green tea ice cream (very flavorful and creamy, with bitter tea notes) to a new brand (bland, too sweet, may as well be vanilla). I don't know if Kaya is cutting corners, having issues with its supplier, or both, but I don't think I'll be back for a while. The service and ambiance is still pleasant, so it keeps a few points for style. I knocked them down to two stars, instead of one, in hopes that the restaurant gets its act together.
2_star Not a good experience. I ordered the lunch special, which took a really long time to arrive and was not good. The tempeh was burned to a crisp, and the greens had an unpleasant metallic watery taste. And while I was waiting I saw a prep cook put his hand in his mouth and spit on the ground like he had just picked something from his teeth with his bare hands, then went back to prepping food. Disgusting. The service was slow, and the food was bad. I can see no reason to go back.
5_star Have ordered twice and both times very impressed. Fresh, hot and good quality. Delivery can be long on weekends but it really seems like the only good quality take out Asian restaurant in our area. Friendly customer service on the phone and at the door, have yet to go in to the restaurant though.
2_star I want this place to do well, I really do! Delicious food (my sandwich was incredible), great coffee, pleasant surroundings and sunny. Here's the thing: the vibe is a bit strange. The owner (?) treats the place like his living room, blasting pretty bad music and loudly singing along. I usually go to cafes to read, hang with friends and chill out, but the atmosphere was kind of aggressive with lots of dudes taking up a lot of space. Wasn't so comfortable. Still, I'll give it another chance since the food/drinks were so good.
2_star Dim sum here is by far the least interesting in town and there's no cart service - you have to order off of a small pile of menus... so no points for experience. The food ranges from bad (very greasy fried squid that comes off as freezer-grade fish and chips), to bland (most dumplings), to ok (crab claw with shrimp). Also, prices are about 20% higher than the excellent Kam Fung and the reliable Ruby Rouge (it's right next door, so... why are you here?). Lacklustre service seals the deal. Pass.
1_star This place used to be great. Been a regular here for the past 3 years. It has gone down hill quickly over the past year. The bartenders used to cater the music to the average age of the patrons in the bar. Not any more. My husband and I are over 50 and don't care to listed to the rap / hip hop music that they always play. The nasty foul language in the music these young bartenders listen to is not enjoyed by us. Even when the average age of the patrons is well over 50 they don't change the music. The music isn't there to make their work day better. It is there for the customers. Sad to say but I doubt that we will be returning anymore. We will miss the girls especially Sammie. She is the best part of The Lodge. The food and drinks are great and the place is always clean.
3_star Food was very good. Ordered a beef soon tofu and cousin ordered a mushroom soon tofu. Tofu was smooth and soft. Raw Egg came on the side and soup was really good. Came with 4 side dishes, Kimchi, fish pieces, Veges and bean sprouts. Best part was the rice, was purple healthy rice that came stone pot like Bibimbamp style. Was really hot but good cause there were the crunchy parts at the bottom. Service was kinda slow though, there was only two people working at the store, a chef and a waitress. There were only 2 tables, but it was a Sunday afternoon. Food took a good while to get to the table. But was worth the wait.
2_star If you're looking for the cliched Mexican restaurant with the Mariachis and frozen cocktails/margaritas then this place is for you. Personally I prefer contemporary Mexican cuisine with good premium margaritas (not that Jose Cuervo/Sauza stuff). Unfortunately, the food and service at Casa De Mateo were unremarkable as was the margarita. I don't know if we have much choice locally (would love to hear any suggestions), but I still think you need to head down south below the 49th parallel to find really good margaritas and Mexican food.
4_star I got the Rawitch and it was surprisingly good. Ive never had vegan food so i really didnt know what to expect. The onion bread that sandwiches the Rawitch tastes AMAZING but the cole slaw on the side was a little underwhelming with little to no taste. The service was also great, the person who served us had a very sweet personality :)
1_star Nothing great. Worst breakfast potatoes I ever had. Bagel came a good 15 minutes before the rest of our meal. Not the freshest bagel either. Would not return. There are much better breakfast places in Montreal.
2_star Cheap prices but I'd rather pay full price for decent food. Calamari was greas instead of crispy, served on a bed of tomato sauce rather than dipping sauce. Prime rib sliders tasted like the meat had spent the last week in the refrigerator before being served. Last was the tenderloin skewers , my wife ate them as I had lost my appetite...she said the best part was the sauteed spinach they were served on. Ya, they shoved a wooden skewer into 3 chunks of random shaped over cooked salty meat. Waitress was very nice and was sure to remind me how cheap the bill was, I guess so I would't stiff on the tip. My beer was nice & cold ...I should have stopped there.
5_star The best sushi place in Calgary. No other yam tempura rolls can compare.
2_star Very expensive and not worth it in my opinion. Wait staff tried hard but at times there was confusion and not as fluent and smooth as one would expect at such a pricy establishment. My party went with the chef's plated tasting menu which was $180 for each person plus an extra $30 per person for the langoustine (which as you can see from the other reviews and on-line is what they are known for). Add in drinks and tip and you are looking at an expensive, 2 hour plus meal. The restaurant is unique in that it offers fresh fish from the Mediterranean that is not typically available at other seafood/Italian restaurants. Not very impressed with the langoustine - not a lot of flavor and not a lot of "meat". Compared to other restaurants in Vegas that I have tried, I would not put this at the top of any list of recommended restaurants in Vegas. If you are looking for an excellent chef's tasting menu and like seafood, I would suggest checking out Nobu at Caesar's (there is also a Nobu at the Hard Rock Casino but I have only been to the one at Caesar's). Also, we tried Sage (at Aria) during a recent trip to Vegas and everyone in my party enjoyed dinner there.
3_star My friend and I were a little peckish after an evening shopping at Woodbine. We stopped here for a souvlaki, which was adequate if a little bland. Employees appeared more interested in serving a rather loud fellow in a red tie. Although I can understand regulars getting special attention, we were annoyed that we could not get a refill on our tea, despite asking twice. To top it off, the regular hit on my friend repeatedly and the staff made no attempt to intervene. Upon my suggestion that he perhaps return home to sleep off what appeared to be a rather drunken stupor, he leered suggestively and insisted that tonight he was determined to eat out. Needless to say, my friend and I left rather hurriedly.
1_star This is a story about two hungry people and a case of blatant prejudice. Curious to know more? Read on. After reading the excellent reviews and conferring with a friend/dim sum connoisseur, my dining partner and I were very excited to visit Dragon Boat this past weekend. "One of the best spots in the city!" and "An absolute must visit!", we were told. And based on the lineup out the door, it seemed at first glance that we were correct. Unfortunately that was not out experience. After a 35 minute wait to be seated (we were expecting that), we were shown to our table. It took us an additional 15 minutes to have our order taken...and that's when then the waiting really began. Normally in a restaurant this busy, you would be willing to excuse a lengthy wait. Not so the case when all the other diners around you - including those seated 20 minutes after you - are already tucking into delicious plates of steaming dumplings. We couldn't help but wonder if it had anything to do with the fact that we were the only Caucasians in the restaurant; what possible other explanation could there be when everyone else was being waited on hand and foot while we were being so blatantly ignored? After 10 minutes of no food and nobody checking in on us, we were suspicious; after 20 we were disappointed and frustrated; and after half an hour we were downright angry. We left before the food arrived - our server never once trying to stop us and make things right. We turned back for one final glance at the delicious looking food that we never got to taste, and headed for another restaurant where prejudice wouldn't get in the way of our lunch.
4_star It is a damn tasty burger. I didn't lose my mind, but it was tasty food. What's with having 2 ppl waiting in a busy restaurant? (and one of them had to bartend) Ordered a beer. Didn't come they had to change the keg.... 10 mins went by, no beer (I was sitting at the bar) We asked again, keg hadn't been changed. Bartender/server offered something else. That keg was empty as well. Third beer was a charm. Trouble is not that the keg ran dry, or that they forgot about me. It was they didn't have the manpower on site to change the keg, sell the drinks, wait the tables, clear the plates. I was there on a Sat eve around 7. Two waitstaff total. There were at least 10 parties seated and waiting. Good food, but dont cheap out on staff. 2 is not enough for busy
5_star We ate lunch here twice on our way to/fro Grand Canyon via Phoenix airport. Great service - waiter and owner were very attentive and made sure we were taken care of promptly. Never had an empty glass or long wait for anything. Wonderful food - everything was cooked perfectly and was very tasty. Churro ice cream sandwich was a nice way to end a flavorful meal on a hot day. Pleasant surroundings - patio had trees and misters to keep us cool while the interior was clean and nicely decorated. Highly recommend and would visit again the next time we're in town.
3_star For an airport it was expected to be a bit expensive. Got two chicken tacos with sour cream and cheese as add ins. Was super salty. Not bad portion size.
2_star Very disappointing! I've been to many high end steak houses in the Mid West and Craftsteak would not rank in the top 10. The good : All the sides we tried were very good. But at $15-$22, the sides should be good. The risotto was the favorite. The mashed potatoes are also very good. The Caesar's salad was a classic with real anchovies. Service was decent but a little slow at times The bad : I had the grilled NY strip bone in ordered medium. After a lengthy wait. The steak came out way past medium. I sent it back. After another 15 minutes another steak came cooked properly. My wife finished her meal however before my second steak came. But the steak was the worst $50 steak I've ever had. For a dry age steak it was very tough. Even with the steak knife it was hard to cut. Most high end steakhouses will trim the gristle and fat from the outside of the steak but not here. I only ate half of my steak. They offered nothing for the inconvenience, no free desserts or discounts on the meal. Just a sorry. We made reservations at 7:45pm. There are plenty of tables available when we called. We got seated next to the bar, in the bar really. Terrible seats! Loud and constantly getting bumped by people at the bar. This is not what i expected from a Tom Colichio restaurant.
1_star My daughter and I went there on a very hot afternoon wanting a refreshing milkshake.First off,my wife worked Flagstaff V. I.,before she had a stroke.Second,I work at RedMountain Tire&Auto.The hostess,waitress,or whatever she was,asked if she could help us.I replied that we wanted a milkshake.She leaned over the counter and pointed across the street,and said "theres a DairyQueen across the street there,and they can make you a milkshake,if thats what you want. I was rather shocked, because even at 5min before closing time did my wife turn a customer away. Needless to say,my money went to Dairy Queen. Thank you.
1_star I've never been so underwhelmed at a dining experience. I would have much rather spent ten bucks for a smaller something in the food court. Biscuits were like rocks. Couldn't cut through eggs Benedict, but I tried and spilled coffee everywhere before giving up. Minimal fruit options. Fresh donut just tasted like grease and nothing else. Almond pastry was flavorless. Coffee was good, so there's that.
5_star Very good french fries and my sub was pretty delicious.
3_star The pizza is super delish. The slices are big but thin. However, it's pretty cheap. Service is okay. The guy working there apparently doesn't washes his hands, but who really knows.
5_star A New Mexican restaurant, only open 30 days at the time of our dinner. We were driving by looking for a new restaurant to try and saw the banners. We went on. Sunday night of a non-holiday weekend. Not many people in the restaurant and we were offered our choice of seating. Place was clean and neat. The family ordered chicken nachos, chicken fajitas and carnitas burrito covered with red sauce. Corn chips with salsa and spicy refried beans for dipping, while we waited for our food. The food was delivered quickly and served hot. All ingredient appeared to be of high quality and freshness. The kids devoured the nachos and declared them the best they have had. The chicken fajitas came with refried beans and rice. The chicken was plentiful with a good mix of peppers and onions. The carnitas burrito was large and had great flavor. A great experience and we look forward to returning. Great food at very reasonable prices.
3_star Had a great time at happy hour! Way busy but that is expected. Get ready to be seen lots of pretty peeps. Good food, atmosphere and service. Lunch time they are not nearly as busy but happy hour is worth it for the prices you can try many fun dishes...don't forget the vegas rolls theirs is quite nice.
3_star Mmmm Cafe Vettro... You're a 3.74 in my book, but I still can't round you up. As many others have said, the service here (albeit friendly) is slow. I can't imagine what it would be like when the place is packed. Food wise, my meal was really good! I got the grilled vegetable burrito, available under the speciality sandwich section - haha. Three words: more Oaxaca cheese. This is what makes the burrito people. Ask for extra, trust. At $14, it's a wallet thinner. Since you are already spending an arm, you might as well spend a leg on their juice. The watermelon juice was very good. I would come back just for the juice. This is was the first time I bothered to read their menu/info tablet and this place is open 24 hours. Good to know at 4 am when everything else in Aria seems to be closed.
5_star 1st time here today and the food was fantastic! The passion fruit dressing was to die for. I had the Cubano Sandwich and wife had a fried plantain sandwich. The beef and veg soup was so good with the cilantro they put in. Coming back for sure!!
2_star Reviewed during: Fri Lunch time Service Speed: 1 / 5 Cooking speed: 1 / 5 Food Quality: 3.5 / 5 Food Quantity: 4 / 5 Price: 3 / 5 (Lunch Special is $9 only) Cleanness: N/A Repeat: NO We decided to try it out on Fri lunch time, since it's in a food count, the line was LONG...... Their biggest problem they had 2 deep fryers but only 1 grill surface, so only 1 deep fryer is barely in use when the grill was full. So the fries are cold by the time the burger is ready. The toppings are fresh and there are many selections. But the burger patty is bland! Did they forget to put in salt and pepper? I'm afraid the topping is better than the burger!
2_star Drinks were really good. The food not worth the trip...(Crab & Corn Chowder, Seafood Mac & Cheese - Bad; Fish Taco's very average). Atmosphere fun. And, service was average.
3_star Came here from $1 tacos and they were ok. I've been to the NoDa location and they were much better. The onions were chopped too big here and they seemed very rushed, the guac was not good at all. All I tasted were the big chunks of onions and some tang I guess which was from the juice or powder they use to make it. It was not blended well. They were busy bc it was taco Tuesday but I went to the NoDa location which was 4x as busy on a Tuesday and the tacos came out amazing! They also ran out of a salsa I asked for and it was about 7pm....the staff were really nice and I would return bc it is close to where I live but the quality needs to improve.
2_star Meh You know, this resto club used to have great food, which came from the AIX kitchen, downstairs. Now AIX is gone, and the food, when it eventually comes, looks better than it tastes, UNLESS you like really rich food. Like really rich. As in a thick white truffle cappuccino and a butter-like fois gras. The combination of tastes on the plate is...odd. I can understand, for example, the theory behind mixing the fatty salmon tartar with acidic apple, but, well, it doesn't work. The fois gras plate was equally challenged. The worst was their Christmas yuletide log chocolate dessert, which was essentially a stale Twinkie... On the bright side, the decor and service was very good (apart from the slow, slow kitchen). In fact, this is one of the only restaurants I've been to where the waitress waited for everyone to finish before clearing the plates - very unusual.
3_star This place makes good tea and boba drinks with lots of flavors and varieties, but its too bad the customer service doesn't compare. The menu is huge and there are many different ways to order a drink, although there is "directions" it can be confusing if it's your first time. I went in with a couple coworkers and when one of my coworkers ordered their drink the wrong way, they wouldn't refund it because she did not order it correctly. I had a bad experience myself when I ordered one of their teas. I asked the girl taking my order what all came in the tea and it said it came with aloe and chia. I didn't want anything but the tea. Well when I got it and took a sip it was sweetened. I mentioned I did not want it sweetened and the other worker made it a big deal and told me that if I did not want it sweetened I needed to let whoever was taking my order know that, even though when I asked what all came in the tea she didn't mention honey. It is just the one particular girl that is rude and I think she may be the lead or something, but I've never had an issue with any other workers there.
5_star I frequent here all the time! I love the atmosphere, the music, the service, the cerveza, and most of all... the Food! Have you heard their "Happy Birthdays"? That's the best Happy Birthday celebration you'll ever hear in a restaurant.
4_star Great food. Great patio. So much on the menu, you'll want to go a few times to try everything!
5_star Really good food and awesome service. Waiters had great personalities. We enjoyed everything.
4_star Good Irish bar. Great place to watch the rugby and football. Friendly staff and food pretty good.
2_star I love Greek food, but this place is at the bottom of my list. I don't know what people are talking about when they say the food is good. I had a Gyro pita and the pita was a little dry, which is a HUGE no-no with pitas for me. It cracked a little on the back. Also they use a lot of vegetables and not much meat. The people there are really rude. I have been there twice and the first time they were very rude, the second time they were worse. My daughter spilled her drink, and the waitress was obviously annoyed, and I got the feeling she was a family member of the owner. I tried to get some napkins to clean off my lap where the drink had spilled and she appeared out of nowhere and told me not to get any napkins out, assuming I was using them to clean the table, and actually shoved the partly removed napkins back into the dispenser. She seems concerned about wasting 3 cents worth of napkins. Then my son was trying to help clean up and took the rag she brought and started to wipe the table. She said shortly, "give that to me," and took it away. Looking around the room, I noticed there was not any other children, so maybe the local customers have already figured out that this is not a kid friendly place. The food? Not great. The service? Bad. I will take a pass next time.
1_star Been coming here for over 10 years and this is a first. Ordered my usual lunch, and the fries came cold over cooked and greasy, ( they were deep fried twice). My sandwich was good though so I let it go. However, my wife ordered fish tacos, and the fish were cold in the centre, and the lettuce was brown and wilting. After one bite she stopped eating I pointed out these issues to our server, she apologized, took our plates, and then charged us full price for our meals that we couldn't eat. We paid our bill and left. We are the worst kind of customer, we just don't go back, and we pass on this experience to others.
4_star Ate here with the fam last night. Delicious pizza accompanied by stellar wine and a really cool atmosphere. Huge windows on the second floor lend a charming view of the streetcar barn. Momz and I split the Margherita Extra and Vegetarian pizzas. Both were outstanding. The zucchini in particular had a fine smokey flavour to it. Pops loved the anchovy pizza and made a wise call by adding cheese. The 2010 Sangiovese wine is gorgeous and reasonably priced at $40. Our server was pleasant, attentive, and folksy. I felt a tad rushed to order as soon as we sat down, but I think he picked up the hint that we weren't in a rush ourselves and the pressure eased off. I wasn't super keen on our reserved table being right next to the washroom entrance, but luckily the loos are well maintained so it wasn't a huge issue. I find the appetizer menu a bit lacking though - only four to choose from. Add a few more and I'd give the place five stars!
2_star Came here because of the buffet PASS. I should've PASSed on this one! This was almost as bad as the Imperial Palace buffet!!! Bad customer service, it took 20 mins for the person to verify our room and pass. It took the host 10 minutes to seat us. (mind you, we were the only one in line at this time). The selections were ridiculously few. The crab legs were on ice. Dessert bar was nothing to brag about. My bf left his hat in our booth so he had to go back in to get it and the waiter we had was quite grumpy about it! I'm giving two stars for two reasons. 1. mash potatoes (it was so creamy and the best mash potatoes I've ever had the pleasure of eating). 2.Raspberry ice tea, just because it was the 2nd best thing there. Lago Buffet @ Ceasers, you are NOT the business! I expected more of Ceasers.
1_star My boyfriend and I came for the Winterlicious dinner during the past week. We were so excited for dinner after reading the menu online. And to get an app, main course and dessert all for $35 at a steakhouse - seemed like a steal! Upon arrival, we were seated at the bar until our reservations opened up. After being guided to our booth, we were presented with bread; no big deal. My boyfriend ordered the soup which he really enjoyed, and I ordered the caesar salad. There were literally about 5 pieces of lettuce on my plate. I was hoping that this app didn't set the stage for my dinner.. For the main course, my boyfriend ordered the Bacon-wrapped Beef Tenderloin, well-done; I ordered the Steak Frites, medium-well. When we got our order, we were extremely underwhelmed. My steak was overdone and very dry, while my boyfriend's was still a little pink (he hates blood!). Still, without a fuss, we ate it. The waitress barely ever came to check up on us, and was not very friendly to say the least. We still had our hopes high for dessert... We both ordered the double-chocolate pecan fudge brownie. THIS was the biggest joke. It was literally two bite-sized brownies, two tiny pecans and a little chocolate fudge. I could've made this at home for $2. I understand that this (should) mostly function like a pub, but the prices are WAY overpriced. The food should at least be suffice for the price. I could've eaten better food at the keg for WAY less. Needless to say, never coming back here again!
2_star Mediocre food complimented by a mediocre staff. I'm 50 years old and CAN'T STAND HAVING SOME 20-SOMETHING WAITRESS CALL ME "HUN" OR SWEETIE....it's condescending, patronizing, rude and thoroughly unprofessional. Brio should train and manage their staff better, at least enough to make up for the very average food.
5_star This place is so lovely and I come here time and time again. They're always offering a wide variety of fresh and delectable indian cuisine as well as a pretty impressive beer/cocktail menu. The food here is always up to par and their use of traditional Indian flavors never disappointment. I can truly recommend many items here, it's all so good and definitely satisfies that overwhelming Indian food craving. The lunch buffet is yummy as well and a great way to try different flavors. You get all the basics and more: Chicken and goat dishes, different rice dishes, Paneers and masalas and kormas. A great place for vegetarians as well. One thing I also have to mention, is they serve up thee best naan bread in Las Vegas. The atmosphere is lovely. Dim and calming. The service is fantastic and overall everything is very affordable. One of my favorites!
5_star Ok...don't listen to the 1-star wackos. I've been here 5-10 times and have been satisfied with my experience every time. I frequent a lot of restaurants and bars and being in east Mesa I feel it's difficult to find a gem. Our service has been average or above on every visit, the food has been good or above on very visit and I feel the customer service (especially as of late, we've had Brittany the last 3 times) has been excellent. Last visit we wanted a sampler of appetizers which wasn't on the menu and the manager arranged for that to happen. Lo and behold on the very next visit there's a sampler dish that allows you to choose certain items of your liking. I honestly think east Mesa options are limited for places to eat but The Hub is one I've always been satisfied with. Special ordered margaritas are around $5, they taste great and aren't weak, I don't think anything is overpriced. They always seem to have some event going on, karaoke, cage fighting (tonight) and among others, I don't participate or watch but some may enjoy. I really hope they are around for good as the establishment can't seem to keep a tenant. In short...give it a shot! Thanks for reading.
2_star Only came for beers because it's a good location, but they were flat. Smelled like a dirty mop inside and sound kept cutting out.
3_star I've grown up in the Fort Mill Area and this place is hands down probably the best fish camp Style place around. I only give it three stars because I've met the captain Steve and he's kind of a douche. Otherwise really good food. The salt and pepper flounder fillet is where it's at
1_star Overpriced! Slimy mushrooms! Picked this place from the reviews here on Yelp. I am not sure if my wife and I caught them on a bad day, but the food is NOT worth the price. I ordered the Lobster Ravioli and my wife ordered Mushroom Ravioli. My meal, while appetizing, was not worth the $28 they were charging. As for my wife's meal, I do not know how she was able to eat what she did. I tasted a sample of her meal and found the mushrooms were slimy in texture and simply gross tasting. She left half of her $21 dinner on the plate. The only positive thing to comment on would be the service. The staff was very attentive and polite. Unfortunately, good service will NOT bring us back to Sergio's. Good luck to those who try Sergio's. I hope your experience was better than ours.
2_star OK, the atmosphere is fun and festive. Who does not like colored lights strewn about and awesome old rock band posters on the walls? The floors were clean and the bar area was fun... a great place to meet a friend for a canned beer. Yes, really. And with a gut washer choice of one chardonnay, you will drink the canned beer. Or the draft beer- but beware, the Shiner Bock was flat and not very cold. Disappointed, party of one. Ok, Ok... so, you might enjoy a fun atmosphere on a great street to meet friends for... drinks. But not dinner. I had the fried avocado tacos and the black eyed pea salad. Both were bad. The bean salad, and I love stuff like this, was swimming in salt and vinegar. I think those were the only ingredients. It was bad. The fried avocado tacos (as a vegetarian this prospect sounded delicious to me!) were, ummm, tasteless. Which might be better than the black bean salad which might have benefited from being tasteless? The queso was good. But, seriously, who can't melt some cheese? I like food too much to return here.
5_star A couple of us came here after seeing a show in the city. We didn't have a reservation(would recommend) and were lucky to get a table seeing as it was a Sat night and even though it was 8pm it was still busy. I wanted to come here as I was in the mood for ribs and I came across this place on yelp. The ribs did not disappoint. Two of us had the ribs and they were fantastic, fall off the bone. The flat iron steak was also ordered and it was also great. the restaurant is in the corner of a small strip plaza and I don't think I would ever had noticed if we weren't looking for it. Will definitely be back.
3_star Takeout review only. The restaurant looked very clean and well put together, low lighting, quiet, gentle colors. The service was very good - I called and ordered a takeout entree to be ready at 6 and saw the cook walk it to the front at 5:59. I appreciate picking up hot takeout. I just can't get past the food. If you are really desperate for Thai and don't want to leave Wexford then this is your place. I ordered the Spicy Rice Noodles because I wanted noodles and I like Pad Thai but find it too sweet for me. The veggies were good - broccoli, carrots, cabbage, water chestnuts, the tofu was full of grease, the noodles were nice - flatter and wider than typical rice noodles. The sauce though I tasted fish sauce was more like Chinese garlic sauce than a thai sauce to me. It was very greasy and I would have preferred half of the sauce. This matches my past experiences with takeout from here - mostly one note flavors (not the mouth bursting many flavors that I love about Thai food) and a nice dose of spice.
3_star I've come to Urban dozens of times to do work and meet people. The coffee is fantastic, prices similarly to other coffee shops in central Phoenix, and the atmosphere is great. Because it's open 24 hours, it's a reliable place to hunker down even during holidays. I've had various experiences with the food, but 9 times out of 10 I'm very pleased. The curry is my favorite for lunch or dinner, but the scones have also been delicious in the past. They tend to "run out" of ingredients, but they have a descent sized menu, so I've never been frustrated by it. The one drawback is that alcoholic drinks are not cheap and their "happy hour" ends at 2 or 3pm. So if you're looking for a place to work a while and then have a cocktail, I'd recommend several other places, like Desoto downtown.
5_star Japannese crepe style heaven! Just right amount of sweetness with salty taste. A must have
5_star So, I don't know why this is labeled under "Happy Valley Fast Food Restaurant", but the sign on the front says "Xtreme Taste." Got to be the best deal in the area. A take out shop run by two very nice ladies who make yummy cheap food. My favorite is the sea bass plate. For $6, a plate filled with a nice slab of tender sea bass, a skewer of shrimp, a few pieces of tender calamari, rice, and 2-3 types of salad. It's enough for 2 meals really, though I always end up eating the whole thing. Often the line will be out the door (it's a very small place) but the line moves quickly. The veggie plate is $5 and plate full of salad and a veggie patty. You can also get a small or large salad tray for cheap.
4_star I love Serendipity 3! I make a point to stop by every time I am in Vegas. The food is big, but sharable. The last time I was here, my mother and I split a pizza. On previous trips I have had the grilled cheese sandwich, which is amazing, but HUGE. And of course, you can not go wrong with the frozen hot chocolate (why would you come and not get that?) I like the fact that the restaurant will text you when your table is ready. I wish all restaurants did that. On my last visit, we actually just wanted the window service but there was a long line and only ONE person working...taking orders then making the drinks, which is totally ridiculous so we decided to get a table. Service was a little slow, but there the place was packed with large groups who were all ordering dessert, so I'll blame it on that.
4_star Another reason to enjoy a meal at PF Changs, ( aside from good food )....that mural on the wall is not just wallpaper. Custom hand painted, ( every P F Changs has a different one) it depicts an authentic Chinese legend or folk tale, which your waiter or waitress will be happy to share with you. A little flyer telling the story tucked inside the menu would be nice. This is too special to go unappreciated. We have enjoyed dinner here so many times and never knew this until our friendly hostess pointed it out to us. If you're into storytelling, or have children along, don't fail to appreciate!
2_star I would rate this place a 4 star except that they have a bartender who clearly does not like her job. The first time there, I attributed this to her having a bad day, but last night was the third time I've been there when she was working and she is very rude! Very snotty! It wasn't just to me. It was toward all the patrons there. Never go on Wednesday night. That's when she's working. My friend and I like going there to play poker, catch up and grab a snack. They do have great food there! The patrons are so much fun too! I feel comfortable there. I just wish they'd get a different bartender who genuinely likes people and their job.
4_star Love this place. Such a cute location - an old house w wooden floors and a fireplace. Lots of urban art. It gets really busy around noon, but if you take a later lunch, it's perfect. They play awesome music. I think it's geared to a younger crowd but good for anyone really. Definitely has the hipster touch, but it's not overwhelming. Food is suuuper yummy. I usually stick with the hot sandwiches. The BLT is TO. DIE. FOR. The North Beach is also very good. If you're looking for very attentive service, you're looking at the wrong place, but if you're looking for a nice place to chat w friends and not be bothered by someone refilling your water glass every thirty seconds, then this is a great choice.
5_star I love the portion sizes, and the food in this place, it's pricey, but it's well worth it. One of the few places that can fill me up and sastify my hunger. I alway end up spending $20+ for Lunch ( main meal+drink+desert ) If you are a samm eater, you can split 1/2 plate for lunch and 1/2 for Dinner
1_star It is unbelievable when it comes to having a burger. It should not take more than 15 minutes to be seated, but it usually takes a lot longer. I usually go to Five Guys, which has a max wait time of 15 minutes. Easily, you can buy four Five Guys burgers for the price of two burgatory burgers.
5_star Let me start by saying, WOW!! My first time there today and I really enjoyed myself, my fiancé told me about this place a couple days ago and decided to check it out.. And boy was I in for a treat this place was sooooooooo freaking good, the service was pretty amazing and the gentlemen who helped us was well spoken and knew everything and anything that we had questions about.. This place cured my sweet tooth big time, if your looking for something sweet try this place out.. Thank you for that amazing service and wonderful cinnamon roll..!!!
5_star Excellent meal. Our server, Adrian, was very attentive and knowledgeable and made our dining experience a true delight. The hamachi kama was amazing and the truffle oil on the octopus carpaccio was out of this world. We would definitely recommend this restaurant and we will be returning.
4_star Really, really, good. There are so many brunch options to choose from, I had trouble deciding. My friend and I ended up splitting the apple fritters to start, then we both had the tofu benny. The hollandaise was a tiny bit on the salty side, but still very tasty. Loved the kale salad that came as a side. The coffees were large, dark, and delicious, as all coffee should be. The service was fantastic. I will definitely return, I need to try the red velvet pancakes (what?!).
5_star If you are Foodie like us and enjoy weekend unique breakfast places Or midweek this is a MUST! The service was great and the chef came out to the tables and talked with patrons. The waitress was super knowledgeable and even gave the history of the chefs. There are delicious cookies, muffins, and doughnuts. They have all kinds of coffee drinks as well or mimosas and more. They smoke their own meat on their patio which was yummy. We enjoyed eating outside on their awesome patio. My husband & I think it the BEST in Vegas. yum!
4_star This is my favorite local restaurant. I absolutely love their scampi. They are huge! This is a nice place to go for good service and great food.
5_star The rustic atmosphere was nice, the food and drinks were great, and the service was awesome. I don't usually order steak in burritos because the meat is tough, but their steak was so tender and absolutely delicious...I'm glad I took the waiter's recommendation and tried it.
2_star THE "GOOD" (well, really "meh"): Big portion sizes. The slaw accompanying my sister's tacos was zippy and somewhat tasty. The summer vegetable risotto was creamy and well-textured. THE BAD: We started off on the wrong foot right when we got in the door. We arrived at 2 pm, and the host was not there to seat us. Completely understandable, given the late hour. However, the F.O.H. peeps should be trained to greet people when they come in the door--hello?! Restaurant basics 101! We stood there for a while, and the bartender looked up at us but did not acknowledge our presence in any way. A waiter walked by, but did not say anything. "Hi! Someone will be right with you." Come on, folks--does that burn too many calories?! THE UGH-LY: 1) The thunderous jazz music. Seriously, do you REALLY want to hear jazz musicians riffing endlessly (and deafeningly) on "When Johnny Comes Marching Home" while you try to have a conversation over lunch??? 2) Texture aside, the flavors of the lovely vegetables in the risotto were completely overwhelmed by the pound of garlic that smacked me in the mouth on first bite. 3) My sister and I both were completely confused by the Korean beef tacos. First, we were expecting something resembling a bulgogi marinade, but this was more like a sweet/fishy/cloying/not-very-tasty-something-or-other that was completely overpowered by the vegetables, to which I am awarding the RAZZIE for this meal. The veggies were in a vinegar-based dressing that DID NOT BEHAVE WELL IN PUBLIC: in essence, the tacos peed all over the plate and the eater. The vegetables themselves were cut in THE MOST INTERESTING array of sizes, from thin slices to chunks of cucumber bigger than my thumb. And the flavors were--shall we say--discordant? At war with each other? 4) The hefty check for an all-around sub-par dining experience. Thanks not so much.
1_star A "Cypriot" grill that excludes halloumi from the menu cannot be run by Cypriots..!! I was very sadly disappointed. This establishment would be short-lived in Cyprus.
1_star Ordered wings for delivery and they were terrible. No meat on the wings, and way over cooked. I love streets of New York pizza but VERY disappointed in their wings
1_star Came in with a family of 6, including one newborn, one 2 year old, two teenage girls, and us. They initially tried to sit us at a table for 4. We took one look and knew 6 of us wouldn't fit and asked for a slightly bigger table. They put us at a table for 6 in an unoccupied corner of the restaurant. After 15 minutes of eating peanuts and not getting a waiter, or water, or anything for that matter, we walked out. We've been here before with okay service. Don't think we will be back anytime soon though.
2_star It's not typical for my husband and I to try restaurants that have unusual name, not recommended by someone we know, nor because we're not the adventurous kind. Unless it's the only thing open and we're dying of hunger, maybe there's a slight chance. And if it weren't for the voucher we got, this restaurant ain't in our list to try when in Vegas, but it was a win-win, good opportunity to try since it's free dinner (with exceptions of: dessert, alcohol, tax, and gratuity)! We were seated at a divided room where large parties were placed. Our server named Juan seemed a replacement as the main server for that area was slammed or should I say was too busy favoring the group before us. It made it more noticeable after we've eaten as the main server took care of two other incoming groups seated in the same large party room. But what the hell, they all does the same, but to be determined to bring quality service, which I felt Juan didn't deliver well. I had Brazilian bouillabaisse which was a big meh! Bucca di Beppo or Bravo's, all located in Hawaii probably could have done a better version. It's pretty much a pasta with seafood medley of mussels (which the only thing I liked), shrimp, and salmon fish that's super untasty! My husband had Surf & Turf Rodizio with "unlimited" meat serving and my in-laws had Grilled Salmon and Skirt Steak (not part of this review) while my child had Loaded Cheese Fries (bacon, cheese, sour cream all OTS because we have a picky eater). Going back to my husband's food that didn't impress me at all, even if there's different meat carvers who goes to your table to serve it, due to lack of consistency. They seemed to be favoring other parties and we had to ask either our server or other bypassing staff to call the meat boys. Not a big fan of dead carcass (I'm a wannabe plant based dieter), so I can't really attest how good it was for my husband, but I can tell it didn't really pass to his liking the meat choices and service. To end the night, we had some confusion with our server Juan. I should have mentioned this beforehand and the server should've done the same with warning us with water charge per person. Like who does that? I guess only Pampas Brazilian Grille! Or the voucher could've printed it too with other exceptions. Plus, the way Juan applied our voucher against our orders were very out of order! Instead of simply listing all our orders and inputting the voucher at the end, he customized the receipt like they're trying to manipulate something. And call me stingy or whatever, but I didn't like the force tipping impression! That's why it's called a tip because it's up to the guest if they think it was well-deserved. At that case, he obviously didn't earn the whole 15% because I had to swallow my own saliva and drink from my husband's and child's water just so I can go on with my dinner. Plus it's not even ice cold! They charge for water back to the customers because it was placed in a fancy water bottle. There was also a lot of idle waiting for our server to get back to our table in between dinner session and the meat carvers were sparse serving and favoring table groups. Giving it two stars only because it was "free" dinner and experiencing the meat serving at a lackluster manner! Go get that voucher as a VISA card instead!
4_star Shared two appetizers with a friend: the med-bread with three dips and the sweet chilli chicken. Both were really good! Ended up sharing a white chocolate brownie and we already knew how amazing it was but just for the sake of this review......it was so.....SO.....good. Only negative thing I've got to say is that we didn't really get too much attention for a while but other than that the service was pretty okay. I think it also depends who's serving you, when I came last year with my mom we had a really sweet waiter who even gave us free hot drinks cause he had left us for a while and felt as if he wasn't serving us to the best of his ability. Even so, he was an amazing waiter so he was definitely tipped very well. Overall the service can be inconsistent but when it's good, its great. I love the atmosphere too :)
3_star Pho So 1 is located in Las Vegas' Chinatown district where there is gang load of Pho, Korean BBQ, and Japanese joints. How did we pick this one? We didn't really, it was based on a recommendation. Recommendations are always good. It's not the cleanest Pho joint but it's good enough. Service is pretty friendly and fast so no complaints there. The pho is a little less than 7 bucks and they only offer one size (about the size of a small/medium when compared to the ones in SF). The rare steak and flank pho was good. The broth was flavorful and had a good amount of noodles. The meat was fattier than my liking but it was fine. It's nice to get away from the hustle and bustle of the strip and try something else besides the food that is offered on the strip. The cab ride cost a little over $20 round trip but was worth it. The strip food good can get boring after a while.
1_star I came around 12 o'clock and was so hungry for sushi! I actually was excited there was a sushi buffet in the area. But after walking around the buffet line my stomach started to tell me I shouldn't eat here ever!!! I wanted to sample everything on my plate, so I filled it up with sushi sashimi, beef and broccoli, fruit, meat, and sushi rolls! I went back to the table and started to eat my first bite and it was absolute ass! It was basically rubber meat, expired salmon, the sushi was darkened in color:(. The fruit was dry. The rice was weird tasting. I spit everything out and hated all the food!! They even yelled at me to finish my rice before I could even get more damn food! What type of restaurant yells at you, oh yea Jasmine Tokyo does! The service is shit! That explains my tip I left them! $0.00 !! And they never refilled my glass of water . Overall, Now I'm shitting currently in their bathroom where I'm going to clog the toilet so they have to pay the plumbing bill as their expense for feeding me this shitty food! Enjoy the poop in your toilet Jasmine Tokyo! It's a big one! Don't waste your money everyone ! Such a ripoff as you can tell they buy in extreme bulk from China and serve you a plate of expired shit! And the atmosphere is themed of a camping cabin! Wtf does this have to do with sushi! Do you guys have any brains?? I hope you read this message so you can shut the business down and save everyone their hard earned paychecks to be kept in their pockets and not in your hands!! Good bye or should I say ZaiJian!
4_star We went for a drink and an appetizer and BOY were we pleasantly surprised. Do yourself a favor and get the table side guac. It's unbelievably delicious! The atmosphere in there is also worth mentioning, it's beautiful on the inside. The patio is pretty cute too!
1_star Food was essentially McDonalds quality. Advertised as fresh, it was mostly prebaked and prepackaged. Terribly disappointing.
5_star This is the best authentic Mexican in Cleveland. Hands down, there is nothing that comes close. It is the standard to which I compare all other Mexican food. I can't get enough of their chorizo, and I always leave with some from the grocery store so I can cook it at home later in the week. The pastor is another favorite of mine, and every sauce on the table is outstanding...great flavor, great heat. It's totally casual and there are only a couple places to sit, so it doesn't have fancy atmosphere going for it, but it doesn't need it. El Señor is the best, and the grocery store, La Mexicana, which it is tucked inside of, is great too!
5_star I just can't get enough of their sandwiches! Best Cuban sandwich I've ever had. Drool. And I love the Scottwich and reuben.
2_star Atmosphere was unique, we enjoyed it - from the secret door to the piano player. Service was good, attentive and personable. That's where it ends. Went with my son for a special evening out, very bad decision. Ceasar salads were drab, over garlicky. They must have been prepared for a while - very limp and lifeless. I had about 3 bites of mine. The veal parmesan was completely over cooked, over-breaded, drowning in sauce and cheese -terrible. Raviolis were chewy, salty in a watery red sauce. Plus side - cheesy garlic bread was good. Maybe it's because I travel, dine frequently in SF, Chicago, NYC - very much enjoy good. Definitely not here, will not come back or recommend. Left hungry and unsatisfied, home to a bowl of cereal and bed.
4_star I usually don't eat Japan cuisine but the food was exquisitely delicious the 4 stars would have been five if the guy that worked there kissed me but it didn't work .-.
5_star So I finally got to eat here after spending the summer out of town. The server said it was a rather slow morning, so we got fairly lucky. I did my research prior and read most of the current yelps and decided I would try it out myself. We were greeted with a smile and offered drinks almost right away, surprised that someone could be that happy at 730 in the morning. She was attentive and helped us guide our way throughout the menu to her favs, and we decided to order a full stack of red velvet to share and a country Benedict. When the food hit the table about 10 mins later I was amazed. Everything was beautiful and served with the right portions. The red velvet was soft and lived up to every part of the hype it deserves. So as I went back and wanted to review babycakes I noticed some of the more negative reviews and I started to wonder, does anyone address the issues as they sit in the restaurant? When the server comes back to check on your meal do you attempt to have the errors corrected or do u sit here and yelp about an issue you never asked to be fixed in the first place. The employees here seem so willing to help that I can't imagine anyone leaving here dissatisfied. I'm sure remaking something your not happy with wouldn't be a problem. Take it from me babycakes goes above and beyond with theie service and homemade goodness they call breakfast, this place is a must try!
2_star Great view, but it was lousy last time I was there. Beer in a chipped, cracked glass; hope I didn't drink that shard. Nachos covered In white gravy w/ extra jalapeños when we asked for *no* jalapeños. $12 = 22 nacho chips. $8 cider. No soap in either restroom; soiled Men's room sink area. Keep it classy, OTB.
1_star Worst service that I've had in Charlotte to date! I am a native Charlottean and we pride ourselves on good food and southern hospitality. I have been a patron for almost 2 years and I used to love this place. As the faces of the staff continue to change from vibrant, energetic, and fun to blank faced, talkative bar boys and girls, to "smoothie NON-makers" who struggle to remember the recipe ingredients, to "deer in headlights" managers, I've watched the quality in regard to customer service go down the tube. I waited for close to 7 minutes and eventually had to ask to be helped after being overlooked by not 1, 2, or 3 workers but a whopping 4 servers. How they happened to miss 1 of 2 customers standing in the front of a practically empty restaurant behooves me! I watched 2 servers laugh and joke at the bar for 5 minutes, so this was apparently more important than taking a freaking juice order (how difficult is that?). After waiting and being overlooked for a couple that walked in much later than me, I left without completing my order. Luna's is overpriced and seriously lacking in the quality of servers and respect for customers. They should take an energy shot and change the name to Luna's dead kitchen. I will obviously not be returning....
5_star Five stars for the historical value. I'm a rare born and raised Charlottean and I'm saddened it's closed. Seems to be the norm for the history of Charlotte.
3_star Line out the door. 45 minute wait on a Wednesday night. Cramped noisy tables all with the dreaded Barstool. Seems like a good scene if I hadn't been hiking all day. You obviously don't go there to relax! The beer was OK. Their Peachy Lambic was pretty good. The food is OK. The service was friendly. Four Peaks wins Pheonix's shortest dress award - that might be a huge draw for some!
2_star I would return here for happy hour - margarita and chips and salsa or guacamole, but never again for dinner. The fire roasted salsa and my house margarita were pretty good, but our entrees were marginal and extremely over priced. I ordered the Mahi Tacos - they were flavorless, except for the overwhelming amount of red onion. My husband ordered the Shrimp Enchiladas, and was served the Spinach and Mushroom Enchiladas instead... My dad, who eats all things Mexican, only ate half of his plate. If you're a foodie, skip it. If you're not concerned with flavor, but enjoy a nice atmosphere, this might be a place for you.
2_star I was very hungry during my lunch break and this was nearby so I wondered inside. I found myself ordering the a chicken sandwich. I asked the young lady how was chicken on the sandwich cut, she explained that it was chopped. When I was given my sandwich chopped was not the word. The chicken breast was chopped into big huge pieces which kept falling out of the sandwich. I believe it would have tasted better if they would chopped the mean up into bite size pieces if not shredded or a maybe even a chicken breast patty would have been better option. The sandwich ended up satisfying me for lunch. I would like to go back and try other menu items.
1_star the hostess is rude and the service over all is extremely poor. It took over 1 1/2 to eat lunch. They did not have the lunch specials available nor did they have mochi ice cream. The customers next to us order gyozas and so did I. They sat down after us but still received their food before us. Also, we order their ice cream parfait and it took at least 15+ minutes to receive it. I would not recommend eating here!
2_star I think Kothur is the definition of "Meh". There were just too many annoyances that kept me from enjoying take-out I just grabbed from Kothur on Yonge. On the front of the menu it says "10% off dine-in or pick-up orders over $15". When ordering, I confirmed this with the girl on the phone but when I got there the same girl said I needed to print out the menu and bring it in. Annoying, but not a deal breaker unto itself. The rice (not included with any dish) was expensive and very average - I've never seen indian rice without cardamom seeds until now. Again, not a show-stopper but the "meh" factor is increasing... Most Indian takeout I've had comes with little containers of tamarind sauce, mint chutney and pickled onions - or at least some napkins? Definitely no frills here. And finally, the food itself. It was ready impressively fast, but what's the rush? Both the Saag Paneer and Butter Chicken were watery and pretty bland. Not particularly awful, but with so much competition in the area they'll have to step it up to be competitors for my return business. I'd take a pass and head down to Trimurti on Queen or one of the delicious buffets on East Gerrard.
5_star I'm a fan of reviewing based on expected results (in other words I wouldn't rate a fast/carryout place based on formal restaurant expectations). That being said, the establishment was decent (as good or better than expected for a non-formal dining setting) and the food that I got in the lunch special was terrific. The basmati rice has a great flavor that went well with their curries. With a range from somewhat spicy to very spicy, the flavor was delicious across the two curries and the soup/curry (whatever the third item in the lunch special was today). The naan was average; I have had some better naan, but it served its purpose alongside the curries. The rice pudding (Kheer maybe?) was pretty good, but I'm not a big dessert person so I could take it or leave it, but it was nice after the spicy curries. The place was clean, I ordered and had my food within about 5 minutes or less and the guy taking orders was friendly. This was $8 for lunch (with plenty left for dinner) that did not disappoint.
5_star Oh Starfish, how do I miss thee. I no longer live in Toronto but will always be a fan and love to spread the word. The selection of oysters are the best I've seen anywhere and I love the freshly grated horseradish and the in-house made hot sauce. My love of oysters started here and has left me on the quest of finding anything as close to this in Durham, North Carolina. I also had the opportunity to try Sea Urchin for the first time here, the process is delicate and the result melt in your mouth. Patrick takes great care in the presentation with beautiful results. Want to know about oysters? Patrick is the oyster master in my book and you can find out for yourself by picking up a copy of his book, "Consider the Oyster, A Shucker's Field Guide" When back in Toronto, you are sure to find me at the bar (which by the way is made of oyster shells) eating a variety of succulent molluscs while sipping a beer.
1_star This place is terrible. I ordered a pizza (if that is what you would call the box of garbage I received) from this place and the dough was tough. It was extremely hard to chew. We decided to call them and see if we can have the pies replaced. The manager was extremely rude; and said that he has 19 other deliveries. He finally stated he can have a pizza out to us in about an hour and a half. Two and a half hours later...no pizza. We called again and was told the same...no pizza after another two and a half hours. We ordered Big Jimmy's and have decided to NEVER ORDER FROM DEVIL'S PIZZA FACTORY AGAIN.
4_star I love this place, such a hole in the wall. Very odd to get Greek food at the gas station. But, the food is great!! Love the chicken souvlaki! I agree with the other poster, skip the more expensive restaurants, this is the place for good food!
5_star Been coming here for years, always delicious food, served super fast, no matter how busy. Service is excellent! Looking for real asian food? Head out to what my family calls, "Super D." Pan fried noodles, salt and pepper pork chop are our faves.
4_star I love this place. What can I say? Richard Cho not only has some of the best customer service skills I have ever seen (that guy has an amazing memory for names) but some of the most creative approaches to making Sushi in the valley. I love coming to Sushi Eye, I have never had a bad experience in all the years I have been going to the 2x New times Best of Phoenix award winner. The use of Macadamia nuts is brilliant and an amazing addition to many of the creative rolls that are available. The Spicy scallop roll is a go to for sure. They have (and I know this sounds stupid) the BEST California rolls in Arizona. As pedestrian as that roll is, The California roll is transformed in to a very dessert style treat when ordered at Sushi Eye. Seriously, do it. Go check it out, introduce yourself to Richard and be amazed when he remembers your name. You will be amazed by the food as well.
4_star I like it for what it is - an American Chinese restaurant catering to Americans. First, a slight rant. Where ethnic restaurants are concerned, people frequently confuse the words "authentic" with "delicious." Chinese food can be authentic and crappy, authentic and delicious, not authentic and crappy, or not authentic and delicious. This place happens to be the last. If you're looking for good Chinese cooking, this isn't your place. Chicken feet, tripe, duck tongue soup, fish maw soup, bitter melon, XO sauce, stinky tofu - you won't find them here. Sweet and sour anything, General Tso's, lo mein, and an assortment of Japanese and Thai dishes - done up exactly the way you like if you're a fan of American Chinese. Delicious! They do have natto, that's almost worth the trip for me.
2_star Bland food. No personality ordered the German Brat. Brat had no flavor. German potatoes the same. Sauerkraut was soggy and no zip. The split pea soap that came with my meal was the only tasty thing besides the German beer. I could have done a much better job. Sorry excuse for German food.
2_star THE PICTURE OF THE GORGEOUS LIVING WALL IS A TRAP!!!!! My mom and I were in Las Vegas for a softball tournament and wanted to venture out of the hotel for dinner. I've been vegan for about 4 months now so I decided to search Yelp for an interesting, healthy, and delicious vegan spot for our meal. I found Vegenation and was lured in by the gorgeous pictures of pink sushi and a bright green living wall. Unfortunately, although a cute and casual environment, this excursion was horrible. I won't bore you anymore with all of the lengthy details so here is a summary of our disappointing night- CONS- *weird and uninviting smell *THE WORST service I have ever experienced at a restaurant...waitress was awkward and distant, never cleared our menus or plates, and brought our appetizers and dinner all at the same time *AVERAGE main courses- something you could buy from the frozen section (soggy bread and watery pasta sauce) PROS *pretty setting *delicious appetizers (dumplings & tamales) *nice white wine OVERALL don't come here & waste money on mediocre food and services I feel like this place could have been so much nicer with higher quality food and better service!
1_star Visiting this restaurant was very depressing to me, since i had been a regular of Sweet Tomatoes. As a vegetarian it was fantastic. The new concept, not so much. I'm not really sure what they were thinking? From the start, the "smartcard" idea is stupid. You definitely feel like they are grabbing money from you on every turn, and you can't tell what your final bill is until you leave. Then to top off the insult, they add on a 7.5% gratuity. When I have to go around to serve myself. I'd much rather have a waiter and give them 15%. I read that this is a 4 month experiment. I have no doubt it will be a failed experiment because I certainly won't be back. If you can't make enough money with your Sweet Tomatoes just raise your prices. This way you are loosing all your customers, and when you finally realize that and turn it back into Sweet Tomatoes will your old customers come back? Some won't. If your going to change your concept, I definitely recommend you do some better research first. If you did do research and they recommended THIS, I'd get a new research firm.
4_star This taco shop is delicious! We go as often as possible. The only issue was how slow the service can be at times. Other than that, Tacos are delicious!
5_star Wow, this place rocks. The fried chicken is amazing and the baked beans are so good. I had the their homemade lemonade too. Make sure you sit at the bar to watch the magic, but be warned your clothes will smell like fried chicken, which is not necissarily a bad thing.
1_star I'm not quite sure how this restaurant has such high reviews. Maybe my friends and I went there on a bad day. The food was average, service was ok... But then we all discovered BUGS and HAIR in our food. Not just like small little bugs... But bits and pieces of beetles. Yes, that's right. Beetles. We about threw up (and we are all RNs so you know it takes a lot to make us feel sick). When we brought it to the attention of the manager, she told us that what we thought were bugs were actually spices they use in the soup. she brought out a container of the spice and it didn't look anything like the bugs. To give you more detail, in one bowl of pho, we found the head and the body (separated from each other) of a beetle. You cant mistake that for a spice. As long as you have eyes you can tell the difference. Anyway, we won't be back. If you decide to take a risk and eat there I would just look at each bite very carefully before you eat it.
4_star Yum! Just tried master pizza for the first time tonight and I'm impressed. Just wish it was a little closer. I don't know if I'll drive 20 min every time I want pizza.
2_star A few friends and I decided to stop by and try the happy hour. The food was ok but the prices are ridiculous for the portions. The beer is still expensive even though it was happy hour. The cups in which the beer was served were probably 12oz cups, the fries are nothing to write home about, the pretzel sticks only had 3 pretzels. The wings were great, but, this isn't a place I would return too.
2_star We used to love coming to this restaurant, but I must say last night will be our last. From the beginning our service was horrible - it took our waitress over 20 minutes to even come over to the table and it was downhill from there (it was busy, but not crazy). There were six of us, and she opened one bottle of wine, but never asked if anyone else wanted drinks. Four others did, but didn't get them till way past appetizers (which came out at two different times). Our salads came out about an hour after we ordered, and dinner way after that. The chicken and veal parm dishes were very good, as was the veal jolina. The lamb chops looked good, but were really just average. Unfortunately I had veal piccata and specifically asked about the sauce as I am gluten sensitive - she told me lemon juice, white wine and capers. Must say I was very surprised when my veal came out smothered in a white pasty sauce and tasted the same. I couldn't eat it, but the waitress didn't know that because she never came back to the table until well after everyone else was done eating. She asked me if I wanted something else, but I opted out since I didn't want to make the other guests wait for an hour while I got another entree. One would think they would not have charged me for that meal, but alas - it was on our bill (which took another 20 minutes or so). Overall we were all disappointed and will be on a quest to look for a new BYOB. I don't mind a long relaxing dinner with good service and good food, but this was not it. Time to move on.
1_star I just tried to call in a takeout order here and it was so impossible to deal with the man on the other end, I had to say forget it and hang up. I wanted to order Pad see-ew which is number 55 on the menu, and he had literally no idea what I was asking for. I told him the number, he said "wrong restaurant (it wasn't) we have so many menus, you can't say the number, say the name, what you want what you want!!" I spelled the dish out for him to no avail, I said it in multiple ways because I figured I may be pronouncing it wrong, nothing. Should a restaurant not know the item numbers on its own menu? He was also extremely rude. It's too bad, because I live so close, but will never be back.
3_star Price - 3 stars. This is a steakhouse. So the price is what you would expect Service - 4 stars. Absolutely great service!! Our drinks was always refilled promptly and the food came out fast. However, I never knew my server name!! He never said his name!! So when I needed extra sauce....I would actually like to call a person by their name. Food - 2 stars. I ordered the Tomahawk steak, I ordered it medium but came out med rare. Also the French onion soup was VERY salty, and the halibut was bland. Atmosphere - 3 stars. The view was beautiful; however, the place was busy and it was small, the server and customers was constantly "bumping" into my guest seat, which made her uncomfortable.
2_star Mediocre at best. Salad was bland and boring, Octopus appetizer was ok, but unimpressive. $120 bone-in rib eye for 2 had me initially excited but ended up tasting like it was cooked in a greasy pan (though I'm sure it wasn't). The waiters recommended drizzling the steak in olive oil. This recommendation ended up just making the steak... slimy. Further, once the carving process was finished, the steak was served warm, at best. The potatoes that came with the steak were... potatoes... with a sprig of rosemary... completely unexciting. Apart from the unimpressive and expensive food, the restaurant was about 80 degrees (not exaggerating) and was adjacent to a loud, booming club. Sweating, uncomfortable, and having to hear booming bass throughout the meal destroyed any chance of having an enjoyable setting.
4_star This place has a very romantic atmosphere. The decor is charming especially if you are a wine aficionado. Their red wine selection is more daring than the whites and the happy hour is great because the wines by the glass are half price. I had the calamari appetizer which was awesome and I don't say that very often. Their cappuccino is also very good. I would definitely recommend this place for a date or date night. It sure beats the place that use to be there before it was Ferraros.
2_star If you are noise sensitive, this is not the place for you. The men making the noodles slap the dough against the counter as hard as possible, and so there was a constant, extremely loud pounding noise throughout dinner. I started to cringe from this intense pounding noise and left with a headache. (see other comment from guest who said they "jumped" a few times due to the intensity of the noise made from the pounding/slapping of the dough against the counter). My dinner companion asked a host or waiter if there was any way to lessen the intensity of the noise, and the host/waiter laughed and said no. .
5_star my favorite breakfast spot on the strip! A perfect view with a perfect breakfast. NOMZ
2_star Yuck I am always disappointed when I go here. I just went with some friends recently to give it another chance and now I am certain it is no good. My spinach enchilada was inedible...just some nasty old wilted spinach in a soggy tortilla. My friend had to salt the guac...it had no flavor!! I've never had to salt guac before...ever!!! When I leave I always feel like I just ate low-quality greasy food and I always find myself wishing I had gone to Taco Bell instead. Far tastier and satisfying ! Fourth meal, bitches!!! I gave it 2 stars cause my husband likes it...even though he was all sick the next day and I had to hear about it. He still wishes we went there more often.
1_star Average at best. Been here twice, twice got chewy bulgogi that tasted old. Grey and chewy and too sweet. Sushi is terrible. Avoid. If you want sushi, go elsewhere. Like anywhere else. If you want Korean BBQ, go to Cafe Ga Hyang. Never again.
2_star Food was tasty and high quality but was small portioned. We had ordered a tamasalata dip, lamp shank specially wrapped in parchment paper and a grilled octopus tentacle. Our server was very knowledgeable but she was the exception as the other staff were very uninformed about the food and provided little to no interest in recommendations otherwise. Atmosphere was good, saw a few dates taking place but personally found to talk as the room itself amplified noise. Part of what made this experience undesirable was because we were not given the option the even have tap water. We were pretty much forced to be charged for having still water. Additionally we were never informed that we'd be charged for asking for additionally pita when the 4 small pieces were insufficient for the dip we ordered.
1_star Okay. So vegetarian doesn't mean anything here. Me and my wife have been vegetarian for 32 years (read all life) and our pick up order of Veg. Fried Rice had chicken pieces in it. In case you are wondering I repeated my order at least 7 times. Disgusted for life....
1_star They overcooked 2 steaks in a row, then the manager said "I'm not going to argue with you" after she was arguing with us for 3-4 minutes. Do I need to even say anymore about our experience there. You couldn't drag us back in their doors.
2_star Not a bad place, but I wouldn't jump at the chance to go back. The food tasted only OK, but the portions were quite small specifically the bangers and mash, the cottage pie and the fish and chips. The prices are a bit high for the portion size which falls on the smaller side and the drinks. I was quite surprised to find that a pint of Smithwicks or Guiness was nearly $9 before tax and this at an Irish pub. The bangers and mash will run you $16. Overall the portion sizes were on the small side, but the bangers and mash were really smalls. You get three bangers which are ever so slightly plumper than the breakfast sausages you buy at the grocery store.
4_star Really lovely fresh vegetarian fare. They are very accommodating to dietary restrictions and the menu is really clearly marked.
1_star Great place if they were ever open! Website and employees say that they are Sunday to Friday from 9 a.m. to 9 p.m. but this is not the case at all. They never answer the phone and they are never open. I am curious as to how much business they have lost due to this. All this could be avoided if they actually post the correct business hours or answer their phone. Such a shame because the food is great (when you can actually get it)!
3_star I sure do love me some meatballs...we decided to try this place out since we were hungry and it wasn't as busy as the other restaurants. The hostess was friendly and talked about the menu before we made our final decision to eat here. New spot so minus well try it out. I didn't know what to get and I asked our server what he recommended, he said the classic meatballs with the tomato sauce. I didn't go with what he said since I'm trying not to eat red meat so I went with the turkey meatballs with the mushroom sauce. It was delicious! I would get it again. The garlic fries was delicious...but you really can't mess up fries. I only gave this place 3 stars since the service was excellent, he forgot our waters.
4_star This place rocks! A quaint little diner that makes the perfect greasy spoon breakfast, a mean Cuppa Joe, and Irish Soda Bread that my Irish grandma-in-law approves of. There are a handful of tables/booths so be selective about the time you arrive or you might be waiting in line for a little while. Good food and friendly service make it well worth the wait. Oh, and I adore the Elvgren pinup menus.
2_star I love Pita Jungle, but this location's customer service is pretty terrible. Walked in to pick up a to go order, stood at the counter where it is clearly designated as the pick up area, and stood there for more than 5 minutes and received ZERO acknowledgement from the staff. Now, if it were busy then I might understand, but it wasn't. This one experience completely turned me off to this location. I will make the longer drive to the location on Shea. Next time try smiling, saying hi, and provide some acceptable customer service.
1_star Well... the staff was great - our server a sweetheart. But first they tried to serve us watered down vodka on the rocks - with a lame excuse. And then the fish on some of the pieces of sashmi was crunchy, tasted fishy, and very thin. Sadly, it appears BE is on shakey ground, or so it seems. For the money - head on over to Sushi Brokers.
3_star We were told to go here for breakfast as I favor eggs benedict and we like to eat breakfast out on weekends. We only went once and our breadfast was good but the area is very tight, not relaxing at all and enough of a drive that I don't see us going there often just for the breakfast.
1_star Mediocre pho and bad service. Had to ask for water, straws, and even napkins multiple times and this is after they brought out the pho. Service with an attitude.
3_star Last time I came here, the Wynn hotel was not here.this place has changed a lot.the food is a bit on the salty side.maybe it was the batch we have received.its not a bad place.I'm from la so I'm very picky with Asian food. it is 24 hours. Don't really plan on coming back.the China town here has a lot to offer
1_star Disappointing! Food was very mediocre and restaurant management overall poor. Our server, however was good. Wings not done, nachos were bland and small. We will try new restaurants to try to promote the downtown area. This was a mistake. Save your money!
5_star This is a very sought after place. Best to make a reservation. Wonderful food with an exceptional staff!! And the food is delicious!! Highly recommended!! Worth every penny!
5_star Such a great spot. Good staff. Intimate. Well presented and non-pretentious. It's become our neighbourhood go-to. Don't change a thing!
2_star I visited this place on a Saturday afternoon and a very hot summer day. It wasn't too busy, so we got seated quickly. However, it was sweltering in there. Their A/C just couldn't combat the heat from cooking, so we were literally sweating the entire time. It is also very cramped in there if you are at a table and not a booth. The server was quite rude---it was our first time there and we had to ask about the sauces. She seemed really put out by having to answer questions. She never smiled, seemed miserable, plunked down our food, and generally made us feel completely unwelcome. The food was good, but not remarkable. I know others on this site rave about it, but I was personally under-impressed. I have had my share of BBQ and enjoyed it just fine. However, the atmosphere and service ruined the experience for me. I suppose if you order take-out it would be better. Don't think I'll go back even for that, though.
5_star Such a cute restaurant! Went there for breakfast - good coffee and their new potatoes were amazing.
5_star Love this place! Lovely atmosphere, top notch service! The chef made me a custom pasta dish, and I mean completely custom not just modified. I was able to sample wines before ordering a bottle and everything was beyond delicious! We had the flourless chocolate cake for dessert and oh my! Fully happy and satisfied! yum!
3_star pho was just okay I was surprised the bun bo hue had actual pork blood in it...most restaurants take this out so it doesn't freak out the non-Viet crowd
2_star Upscale Thai with a unique menu and super cute Summerlin dining room... I realy wanted to like this place! I notice some of the positive reviews say Nittaya's is hit or miss, but I can't bring myself to go back. Servers here are awkward high school boys who forgot numerous parts of our order and brought things out in incorrect order (one of our apps came after we had finished entrees, drink never came, etc.), way strange for an upscale restaurant in this part of town. Makes no sense. Fried "famous" spinach salad lacked any kind of heat or flavor. The coconut soup was boring and one note, again no flavor. Nothing wowed us, and we tried a good assortment. With SO many fab Thai restaurants in this city (ie. Lotus of Siam where they have an expansive menu of authentic and super memorable dishes), this should be last on anyone's list. I'm guessing they cater to people with timid palates who want a quiet and cute atmosphere for date night and food comes secondary. I cannot imagine a lover of Thai food coming here more than once.
4_star Good value for money with a tasty and well selected collection of lunch buffet. Waiters are attentive to guest needs. We had buffet lunch at other known Indian restuarants but found Mint better. Will surely revisit. Could have been five stars if space was a bit more.
2_star This review is only for their sushi, as I haven't tried their other dishes. I ordered the deluxe sushi a la carte. I liked the variety (which I was paying for...$$$) but the fish was not fresh at all. For sashimi, I would go to Penn Ave Fish Co. instead. I'd come back here to try their non-sushi dishes.
2_star Super expensive, and nothing to eat. The worst buffet I ever had in Toronto. never visit again. do not waste ur money.
3_star The breakfast here is amazing. We used to go at least once a month, but have started to scale back a bit because it is just too busy on the weekends. There is often no place to sit, a long line to order and parking is really difficult. It is a tough balance between a hip metro cafe and being inconvenient. If they could expand the space inside a bit and solve the parking issues, we would be regulars for sure. All-in-all, the place is a Saturday morning treat.
2_star My first time here. I came because I saw it on yelp. We ordered the spider roll and the salmon sashimi it was ok a best. The dipping sauce for our shrimp tempura look like it was already used. The salmon sashimi not the best grade. Our servers took awhile as well to check on us. I will not be coming back here. Not impressed.
5_star Authentic, delicious, fast... I picked the pastor tacos. They come with just the meat and you can put cilantro, onions, lime, and sauces yourself. It makes the ordering easy, especially because my Spanish is minimal. The real deal , go there. ... Oh and they make their own pastries, yup! Mmmm
5_star $5 wines and beer 11-5 every day. We love their bruschetta, one order is enough to fill up my fiancé and I.
5_star Lovely little coffee shop :) It's cozy and you can get delicious coffee and simple eats. It's great!
1_star Average bar food, incompetent service. This is my third visit and waited over 2 hours for food. Finally gave up and went elsewhere. There are too many other establishments in Charlotte with a great beer list and much better food. I won't waste my time here again.
1_star Pizza is decent but not worth the money they charge. For the smallest pizza I paid close to 20 dollars. It is way overpriced and I even mentioned it to the girl at the cashier and she agreed. The service was terrible and it took almost 30 mins to get our pizza. And to top it off nobody was even in the restaurant at the time. Maybe they think cause its Southern Highlands people will pay inflated prices. I will not be going back and will just continue to order from Pizza Hut across the street for half the price. Believe me if the pizza taste good I would certainly pay a little more, but the pizza they serve at Pizza Factory does not justify their ridiculous prices. I give them 6 months.
3_star Our service sucked from the get-go. I walked in with my friend and the guy (who apparently was the only one there?) Looked super annoyed to see us. Yelled from across the room that we could sit where ever. Placed the menus on our table and ran off. When we paid our bill, my friend waited and waited for her change. The server ASSUMED that was his tip. When she asked for her change he gave her the rudest loom, rolled his eyes then gave her her change. Yikes! 3 stars because the food was actually yummy.
2_star Wasn't thrilled with the place! Very hard to find. And no lasagna!! What the heck. We won't be back.
1_star Yesterday was the worst experience in this restaurant. We arrive at 2:55 pm, my husband, my two toddlers girls and I. The restaurant it wasn't busy, when the server took our drink order, we order a wings of fire and the fancy dancy pizza. The wings arrived at 3:35!! And the pizza 10 minutes later!! The server said that this pizza took so longer to cook, but the pizza was a mess, it was burned, the bread was like a salty cracker and the cheese looked like microwave heated. My husband told me that we should leave the place, but my girls were so hungry. The manager went to our table and said sorry for the crispy pizza and she paid for the pizza. I heard another families making complains. We used to go to the Shea location and always was perfect.
4_star My cousin recommended that I try this place - she showed me pics of her dinner and it looked amazing! Came here for a special anniversary dinner. The restaurant is very small and in an obscure location in the middle of Scarborough - not where you would expect to find a good seafood restaurant! We came on a weeknight and had no problem getting seats. I did hear that it was harder on Fridays and Saturday nights so either call for a table. Food was good - nice and fresh, no surprise since the market was right on site! A bit pricy compared to other seafood restaurants but it was good quality and knowing that the seafood wasn't sitting around in some fridge for a long time was worth it. We had scallops, shrimps, salmon and calamari. Yum!
5_star Great food. Great service. Definitely go try this place. I haven't tried the egg&tofu but have had everything else and it's great. Fries are awesome!!!
2_star I came to this place because of the Yelp reviews, and I must say I was disappointed. First of all, we opened the menu and were surprised by how expensive it was. I normally don't expect to spend $15 for an omelette in a place that is located in a suburban strip mall where the basic decoration is shabby chic and graffiti. We ordered pancakes and french toast, which were okay, but not remarkable. We had two different people aggressively try to sell us on their loyalty program. Our server gave us the hard sell in the middle of our meal. We won't be back.
4_star This is my favorite Thai restaurant in Las Vegas! I took some friends who came from out of the country,and all of them loved it. Now they like Thai food because of Archi's! Never bad feed back from the people whoever I recommended Archi's! One of the great restaurants in town!!!
2_star Meh. There's better BBQ in Charlotte. Wasn't super impressed by the place or the service. Not sure how any place in nc can have bland BBQ but if you're looking for the best in CLT try Midwood. Also heard that their baked beans...the famous ones..are actually from a can. Not impressed.
1_star Four of us attended Ciao on a January evening. All of us were sorry we did. There we a number of issues, but the primary one was the food had a "bad" taste to it. As if the food was off, or spoiled. Two people had the same thing, the other two had something different. No one finished the entre. We had appetizers which were ok and much more tasty then the entre. The service was good, very nice young man. We didn't complain about the food, we just all agreed what's the point. We sat eight feet from the windows and were very cold all evening it was a cold windy night. Most of the cold was coming in through the open doors, they need a improved system to keep the cold out. Needless to say we won't be returning, and suggest that you save your night and eat somewhere else.
1_star POOR SERVICE. been here since the grand opening years ago. Food and service just keeps going down the drain..ordered a vegetable dish, the mushrooms r all soggy and shit. Prob one of the worst pho restaurants in GTA. Asked the waitor for WiFi password and he said he forgot..
1_star this place is all looks but other than that, it's a real let down. food is merely mediocre, service is pretty terrible and they don't take debit which is a real pain in the ass (they do this by the way because they're too cheap to pay for the payment processing fees associated with debit cards, and would rather place a huge inconvenience on customers by just pointing them to the ATMS they have on site so they can reap the $3 fee you have to pay to use the ATM machine) Total BS. Also, poor management. I ordered a milkshake to go after my meal today, watched it being made, but just sat on the bar for ages while servers and the manager on duty kept walking by and looking at it until I went to the bar and grabbed it myself. Completely sub par for a 17th restaurant, but i guess it isn't a change from all the other group 933 restaurants (80th and ivy, 1600, 1410) which I haven't been a fan of, either. Won't be coming back again. And really, Roosevelt, get with the times, stop ripping off your customers, and get a freaking debit machine.
3_star Lower price, reasonable portion, ok taste. Not very outstanding. Order cashew chicken with egg roll for lunch . The portion is ok. The chicken is a bit watery, and egg roll is dry. Ok to try once a while just to settle one of your meal, but not recommended for those who look for good Chinese restaurant .
3_star If I could give it a half star more I would. The food was great! Just took a long time to come out. As we first walked in there was a pungent odor of either sulfur or sewage? Maybe they forgot to empty the grease trap I don't know. After a while it went away. We started with the artichoke, awesome! My wife had scallops which she said were very respectable. I had the Alfredo with shrimp, very tasty. This place isn't a two dollar sign place. Out bill was over 100 for two people. A lot of people might be enjoying the happy hour and lunch which are reasonable. Going to dinner here ordering entrees will bring your bill high but if you stick to cheese plates and bruschetta you will probably be happy
1_star Waitstaff completely ignored us after being seated on the patio. After asking the clueless hostess if she could find a manager she told us that she could not find him anywhere. We ended up leaving the restaurant. This used to be a go-to location, but we will not be visiting here again.
1_star So sad to see this wonderful favorite restaurant close! Heard other locations were to open but this one is not longer open...FYI
5_star Roy's is Ohana with some pretty fancy plating! The food is light and flavorful but the service is outstanding! My husband and I were celebrating our 12 year anniversary of meeting and he gave me a card at the table. Our server Todd noticed the card and asked if we were celebrating so I told him At dessert He brings out this pineapple upside down cake and written in Carmel sauce was Happy 12th anniversary and took our picture and made a copy and put it in a nice frame...Now That's service with Ohana! Mahalo Roy's and Todd for a memorable evening!
2_star A cosy restaurant with great atmosphere. Unfortunately, the meal and the service fell short of expectations. We ordered the Roasted Beet salad- to find it came with a pile of arugula and four beet slices. Upon inquiry, the chef said that while the salad was called "Roasted Beets", it didn't mean that the salad would come with all roasted beets. Great for a comedy hour, but surprisingly bad laughs for a $9 salad. The rest of the meal was good, but did not measure up to the almost $200 bill (for two entrees, three aps and a liter of house wine).
3_star We just saw Marmalade Skies play here last night. We showed up early to grab one of the last tables. Fans of the band showed up in full-force. It was SRO early in their set. They sounded great ! The service, however, was below par. It seemed as if the place wasn't prepared for the crowd that the band would bring in, even though the band played there about a month ago! We ended up waiting for the server to check on us more than once while we sat with water & drinks completely drained. If we hadn't been there specifically for the band, it's very likely we would have gone some where else. No condiments brought out for the sliders. No small plates brought out with the nachos deluxe which were nothing special. The sides of ranch we ordered didn't arrive either. The fries that came with the Real Deal Philly Rib Eye were soggy. Their Wings are the reason for 3 stars. I had the Honey Hot wings grilled and they were DELICIOUS!
1_star The other location has seemed to close, (noticed while walking to pizza place next door) saw that coming! Don't waste your time over paying for this food. Not very good customer service either!
3_star I went because I heard it was a staple in Pittsburgh...We waited about 30 minutes to get in yesterday. After getting in, the atmosphere was good and fast...but the food, well, it was very unseasoned and plain. Nothing said "wow". I was told afterwords that it is a place to say you went, but not a lot of people knew them for their food...just a name...I agree...Next time I visit Pittsburgh, I won't be going back.
2_star There are many great choices for Italian in Las Vegas. I probably won't be coming back here. The antipasto tray was nice. I thought the wine list was a little pricey. I am not enough of a wine aficionado to wash my $20 plate of pasta down with $75+ worth of wine. Salads were very good. I had the arugula salad and my husband had the tricolore salad. Unfortunately, it only set us up for disapppointment with our entrees. My husband's lasagna was decent -- I snuck a bite. and lasagna is one of my all-time favorite foods. However, my risotto primavera was shockingly mediocre. The "primavera" consisted of peas and cubed carrots, and the sauce was quite bland. The dish was eerily similar to the Lipton Rice 'n Sauce mix I make when I am out of ideas of what to serve as a side dish at home. The service was not up to par, either. The wait time between courses was not paced weil. Our server put our check on the table before she asked us if we wanted dessert or coffee. I later saw the restaurant manager scolding her. If you want upscale, delicious food in this part of town, go to Rosemary's.
3_star With all the pools available in Vegas this one is a strange mix of people and service could use some training. From the elderly to a large amount of kids I don't know that I'd have a reason to return. The pool is shallow and not very big. Service was very slow and our cabana was dirty with leftover trash from the previous day.
3_star Love the location and the restaurant is beautiful. Unfortunately the price point will limit how often we return.
3_star The food has always been amazing. Kitchen staff is great. The kitchen staff actually does some of the delivery. I had used this place a bit and my interest has waned due to courtesy of staff taking the orders. I previously read some of the negative reviews and felt very confused. I had always been happy with the quality and wasn't put off by interactions. Through time, the individuals taking the orders over the phone and at the site have helped me understand the collective feel of this place. Not sure if they are trying to lose money on purpose or what. If so, they are headed in the right direction.
5_star El birotazo best place to get tortas ahogadas & tacos al vapor. Yes it's really small and bearly any tables that's why I always get to go.
4_star Oregano's is a great place for affordable, tasty Italian food with a twist. I started out with garlic cheese bread (3 words I cannot shy away from) - this was huge and insane! Gooey cheesiness on garlicky buttery bread. I had to stop myself from eating this with the pizza about to arrive. Aunt Shirley's Gorgonzola Sausage Pan PIzza - an amazing combination of Chicago sausage crumbles, pepperoncinis, and gorgonzola cheese. The pan crust was awesome. I normally stay away from pan/Chicago-style crusts because I find them too buttery tasting, like you don't know if you're eating pizza or a dutch apple pie. Oregano's pan crust was flaky, savory, and a perfect canvas for the toppings. Service was friendly and on point. Space inside is a little cramped, but tolerable. I can't wait to try out Oregano's pasta dishes.
1_star Total waste of time. Checked in at the kiosk and told to return 2 hours laters. No problem plenty to do in Vegas! Returned at told time and told to wait in line and it would be another 2 hours of waiting in line. With my bad back no way I was standing in line for 2 hours after checking in 2 hours prior! Plenty of better restaurants to eat at then gorging your face at this buffet!
5_star Amazing food, so many choices, reasonable prices, all around great place that I can't wait to try for a second (and third) time!
3_star After three long years of hard work, long hours at the library studying for exams, and thousands of dollars paid in tuition, my friends and I decided to celebrate our graduation and success at Glow Fresh Grill & Wine Bar. Located in the heart of Shops at Don Mills (Don Mills Rd and Lawrence Ave), Glow Fresh Grill & Wine Bar, or Glow, is the perfect destination for food, drinks, and a great view from their patio. Making reservations for Glow was fairly easy and they were very accommodating. Unlike some places, they were able to reserve a table for our party of eight on the day of (I had made the reservations while lining up to walk into our graduation ceremony, 5.5 hours before our dinner reservation). When we arrived at Glow, they had our table already set up, where we had a great view of the outside, could sit comfortably, and could draw the attention of the staff there at anytime. The menu, created by Rose Reisman (you may recognize her name from Pickle Barrel) had a wide variety of food, from ahi tuna, to veal, to bunless burgers. Their wine and alcohol list was quite extensive, with various wines from all different regions in the world. Unfortunately, I had forgotten to bring my ID, but from what my friends had said, the drinks were pretty good. From the menu, I ordered the summer pasta primavera, and the potato medley, along with an iced tea. The summer pasta primavera was quite good. It had rigatoni tossed with asparagus, sweet peas, spinach, tomatoes, sliced garlic & white wine aioli, topped with goat cheese The potato medley, however, were a disappointment. It had maple sweet potatoes, parmesan red skins, and herbed fingerlings. Note to self: maple syrup and sweet potatoes do not mix at all. Some highlights of Glow: - They gave us an amuse-bouche on the house ("compliments of the chef") that consisted of multi-grain and raisin toast with three kinds of dips/spreads: beet with ricotta, mango, and spinach. - The server was patient and constantly came back to see if we were doing alright and to take our orders (we took forever to decide what to order plus people were running late) - The GM came by to see if we were taken care of Some low lights of Glow: - They got two of our orders wrong: three of us ordered the same dish and only one came out correct (they forgot to add sauce) - They didn't offer us dessert (servers should always ask if people want dessert)
2_star I am only commenting on the food. Was there when they opened, we spent my father's 70th birthday there. I was born and spent 18 years in Germany. The food they are rolling out now does not resemble what they originally served. They have figured out that they can save money serving subpar food to Ami's who have had too much to drink. So sad, will never step foot in their overpriced establishment.
5_star Thus place may seem small, but their flavor is huge. A little out of the way but totally worth it. Chicken tacos on point.
1_star I don't like it. Slow service, unappetizing dishes. Salmon and shrimps are always overcooked. Soup has strange test. Terrible place!
1_star We went to Hash House bc we wanted some breakfast and since we are staying at the Linq it was right down stairs. We saw that the reviews were good and was excited about it. We got there around 10am and it was packed! We had to wait about 35 min to get seated. Our server was pretty good but once we put in our orders he was never to be seen again... We had been waiting for about an hour to which 3 families had already ate and gone and they had not arrived much earlier than us. We finally had enough when two groups of six received their food and they had arrived about 40 min later than us. HORRENDOUS service!!! Was starving wasted two hours of our first morning in Vegas. But went to Guy Fieri instead and it was amazing & great service.
5_star My husband and I are both vegans, this has became a favorite spot of ours for thai food for the past year. They have great service and deliciously fresh food. We had today the mango salad, coconut soup, vegan fried rice. Fried tofu and green beans in black bean sauce. This place has exceptionally clean food. We will be returning! Thank you
4_star So nice great atmosphere as well staff friendly and the food wonderful the duck tacos so good and the bar tenders are great! Service fast. Recommend this one:)
2_star Disgraceland isn't bad, but it's definitely a bit overrated. Thier biggest fault is that it's completly hit-or-miss. Somedays everything comes together, other times... Their menu takes an exceptionally creative look at stuff you'd expect to find in the southern states with heavy concern for those that prefer meatless. Everything from Southern-fried chicken and Tenessee pulled pork sandwiches to grilled veg stew and fried tofu sandwiches. They also have a fairly original selection of sauces to dip your fries in that's worth mentioning. The staff are cool, layed-back, and they actually seem to care that you're there. But like I said, all of that can change the next time you go in. Food could come out luke warm and greasy, staff could be stuck-up and simply not care. Disappointingly enough, the one thing that you can count on that Disgraceland has that is consistently great, is one hell-of-a cool name.
4_star Let's face it- I am a pizza snob. Maybe it's because I've eaten my fair share; maybe it's I give myself too much credit; or maybe it's because I've been making my own for 16 years. I know, you don't care- got it. Regardless, sometimes I'm just not up to the 6-8 hour task, and we outsource. Trust me, if they're located anywhere near us, and deliver, we've tried them. This South East Tempe/Mesa/Chandler area really, really sucks when it comes to finding great consistent food, and especially so regarding Pizza. Imagine my surprise when we stumbled on BOS. Jalapeño tots are to die for. Trust me when I say, good tots are hard to come by. The Sweet Potato tots aren't too shabby either. The pizza- well, the crust is well-cooked. Yeah, read that again. You don't want to know how many hang-dog limpy-*** slices of pizza from various places I've had the pleasure of 86'ing. Oh, and the crust might give you a buzz as an added bonus ;-). Tasty Italian sausage, generous w/toppings and a decent sauce. My only advise, if you get the Hawaiian, toss the "slightly sweet" sauce for the real deal pizza sauce. The sweet tastes too much like a bad BBQ sauce. I cannot respond to comments about the brick and mortar location, or the deep selection of brews, as we have never been there. Our experience has been through Door Dash only (Don't get me started on them- fast and hot is what they should call it). Now go, and be one with your chosen pizza.
1_star Maybe the beer is awesome here I don't know. I mean you can get good beer just about anywhere. I love beer, but I might love food more and this is not a place for foodies. I ordered a med well Gruyere burger it came out dry as sawdust. The fries were so over done we asked them for a new basket and they were still just too dry. They tasted like they were frozen. My co-diner said the burger was like chewing an old dish sponge. I was so disappointed because I was getting over a hang over and I just wanted something tasty after a whole day of tummy aches. Well I ended up puking up that burger later because of the hangover, but I think more because my body could feel my regret. I shall never step foot in that place again. Sorry I know all the cool kids love it but I prefer places with good food over beer.
1_star very poor service, never ever pay first. being very dishonest.they are not gonna give you your order. I remind to get my f dessert every time. just very disappointing. sexist and racist. firstly forgot to make my sandwiches, then gave away my sandwiches to others. welcome to facebook... never ever visited again even for convenience. I would like to see them close.
2_star Disappointment -- We took our son and fiancé and their children to the Church St. N. location last night with consideration of booking a wedding rehearsal dinner with catering in the banquet area in late May. After having 2 glasses of tea spilled on my wife by the wait staff at the start, we thought that at least the food order for our group of 8 would have been correct. It took at least four attempts to make sure everything was on the table when the order began to arrive, so the total order was delivered over about 15 minutes. The food was good, but not memorable -- Probably because we were thinking about so much else about the overall experience. No concessions for the multiple service and order problems were offered. We left an OK tip anyway. We are looking for another option for the rehearsal dinner.
3_star Decent pizza. We get the lunch special, and sometimes the cheese is a little glossy and they have a tendency to stack the slices one on top of the other. The slices are huge!
1_star I would just like to start off by saying I hate writing bad reviews but what an awful experience. After just landing in town for our wedding we decided to stop in and get some food. The staff was so uncoordinated; one told us to sit at a table, then another told us we can't sit there. Then another said no it's fine then another said "no sorry you can't sit there unless you are ordering food (which i think she was under the impression we were just having drinks for some reason? As one person wasn't eating Even though most of us were starved and couldn't wait to eat!) she continued with a saucy tone and said "it is what it is". So we got up and left without ordering and went somewhere else. So much confusion for just wanting a simple meal after a long flight. The most uptight unwelcoming Irish pub I've ever been to. To be fair I'm sure it's not always this way and we might have just been served by the bad apples, but I made sure our 70 guests who flew into town knew not to waste their time attending.
5_star Tasted like Tokyo To Me !Really Really good Ramen! Get the Spicy Soyu! So much flavor and a very nice burn
3_star The meat was good but not great. The price for lunch was only $15 and that made it 3 stars. They only had sirloin steak for the lunch buffet and the service was kind of slow. I do not expect to go back for dinner anytime since I have visited much better Brazilian steak houses.
4_star Food was awesome must try the shrimp and grits!!! bartender was great, only complaint food took way to long
5_star @&"@!*%%}£*!!! Words cannot express the melt-in-your-mouth sensation upon biting into one of these delicious golden-nugget-wrapped sandwiches. SO EFFIN GOOD! Get one NOW. 'Nuff said.
4_star Great little brew house in Boulder NV. Great food. Interesting combos for burgers and salads. Micro beer sampler was great. Six moderate sized samples of diverse beers. Definitely a fun place to visit before or after visiting Hoover dam.
4_star I get take out fried chicken from here all the time. The chicken is delicious and comes in a cute take out box which include pickled radishes and a drink
1_star I work just a few blocks away from Johnny Rockets and have never been there before, so my Husband picked me up today at lunchtime and we went there for lunch. I literally sat down for less than 20 seconds and didn't even have my purse off of my shoulder before our server was hounding us for a drink order. Having never been there, I had to quickly glance at the menu which listed Pepsi products, so I ordered a pepsi. She then tells me that they only have Coke products. (??) So Coke it is, fine. She returns a minute later ready to take our lunch order and proceeds to explain the Manager's special is "The Original". Again, 1st time there, so I order the special and she asks if I would like everything on the burger. Everything BUT mustard, I tell her. My Husband orders a patty melt. Food arrived and I literally had a mustard soaked burger. We tell the manager, who apologizes (although I'm feeling this was not out of sincerity, but rather obligation) and offers to make another burger. But I explain that I am on my lunch break and do not have enough time to wait for another burger to be prepared, eat it, and travel back to work. The server also then comes over and apologizes. Fine. I ate less than 40% of the burger that had the least amount of mustard on it. There was so much of it that it was literally on my rings, and my fingers were yellow, no joke! Then the bill arrives and I couldn't believe that there was no offer of a discount whatsoever. What a poor first (and last) trip to Johnny Rockets. Ugh!
5_star This place is a gem - one of the best little local joints within miles! Taco Stand: I don't think you can get a better taco in the city - authentic - pick your preferred meat (or potato & pepper veg option) and load it up with all the condiments that you could want - best part - $2 a taco - its hard to justify cooking when the food is that good and that cheap! Market: I love this little place - fresh produce, meat, and other items all in this little place. Need something quick, just run in and grab it. I have used it more than half a dozen times for quick needs or when I need authentic ingredients and don't want to hunt all over town for them. I will be back over and over again....
4_star My first experience at Tornado was quite good. My date and I hadn't made a reservation, and when we talked to the host he said there was a 1.5 hour wait, but if a table in the bar was open, we could grab it. Sounded good to us, since there was an open one! Bar tables are REALLY limited on leg room and actual surface area on the table, but we made it work. You could probably fit six people on the booths, but there might be enough room for half of their legs and 1.5 entrees on the table. That being said, they make a pretty decent brandy old fashioned. My date ordered *cringe* a can of PBR, which he said was warm. I was pretty sure that's how most people drink that particular beverage anyway... My date REALLY wanted the frog legs and tried to convince the waitress I'd eat some too. Having had certain experiences with frogs in my life, I did not try them, but they actually smelled garlicky and delicious. They arrived breaded, fried, and nested on a sort of sweet and sour sauce. He devoured the whole plate, I watched in fascination. The server brought us some warm, dilly bread, which was quite tasty. We stashed it on the booth seat next to us for lack of table space. Then... The entrees... My beau ordered the rabbit (clearly a fan of jumping foods) which felt sort of small in portion size. Still, it was deliciously breaded and pan fried. Cooked perfectly and nicely tender. My steak arrived sizzling on a metal plate with a giant onion ring on top. It was perfectly cooked and well-seasoned. The hash browns on the side were also pretty good, though not he best I've had at a steakhouse. Pretty sure they are freshly made though. I'll definitely go back, but I'd like to sit at a real table. I guess that means that next time, I'll make a reservation!
3_star I LOVE Mr. Hunans, he delivers quickly and efficiently and the pricing is not too bad. There are some website issues but i just call in the order and they are very responsive. The drivers were nice but they had trouble finding my suite. As far as quality goes its good and enough so to make it my consistent Chinese food spot.
3_star One of the most popular Sunday Brunch spots in the city, especially in the SouthSide. To be honest the only thing that keeps me coming back is the $8.50 pitcher of mimosa deal they offer. Most brunch places charge about $8 for a single champagne glass size mimosa, but Local offers you an entire pitcher (About 6 glasses) for $8.50 The food is decent at best to be honest, you won't get the best or worst meal of your life.
1_star Food is not bad. But staff is not friendly. Closed at 9:30 pm, but take out only after 9.
4_star BEST panzarotti in GTA!! Ive tried to find a better panzo all over this vast nation for years and just can't find any place that competes with Abruzzo Pizza, just make sure you get it fried and get the meat sauce to go with it. On a negative note the pizza here is not good I have not liked the pizza for years and neither do my 4 kids, they want panzos! I just don't get how a restaurant can make delicious Panzarotti but terrible pizza. Oh well you can't be good at everything. Enjoy
2_star Great food, poor service. We waited over an hour for our food and no one seemed to care. (On a Monday night)
2_star Everyone was telling me how great this place was....I've dropped off a few clients when I was driving limos....i tried it out for the first time and I left disappointed. ..first the hostess was rude and asked us in a rude manner that we only had one hr to eat and leave...who saids that in a place where ur steak is more than 100 bucks!!!!I called the manager even though I didn't want to make a big deal about the issue...the food was ok....not the best...all the manager said was "sorry about that I'll talk to her"...she didn't even know who the hostess was...first and last time I'll b in that restaurant and no more referring guests there...
5_star I had been looking for this place for YEARS after my friend had taken me here. Finally my mom and I randomly came here and I realized it was the restaurant I had been trying to come back to for almost 5 years! Their pizzas and delicious, and well as their beef sandwiches. Love this place. No other pizza place is as good as Spinatos!
2_star Very disappointing experience. Only 7 tables inside and out. Tiny restaurant. At first it looked like a local gem. We sat at a table for two & 4 other tables already had their food. No one else was there. We ordered a big breakfast & had about an hour before we needed to be somewhere. 30 min later we still didn't have our breakfast & a few more groups had been seated while we were waiting. Another couple, who got there 20 min after we did, got their food. When we asked our waiter, he admitted that they had forgotten our order. Um, we were the ONLY ones ordering at the time. How was that possible? The owner/mgr had been schmoozing a couple at the other table but didn't notice we still didn't have our food. When our food finally came out, about 40 min later, they had the order wrong for part of it. The owner/mgr was unapologetic but offered to recook that part of our meal. We'd already waited 40 min & were short on time & said no. They comp'd the incorrect order but clearly had not planned on any mea culpa for completely forgetting our order. Won't go back.
1_star Definitely an old-school greasy-spoon. While our server was very nice, the man we paid at the front counter was rude, practically tossing our change on the counter. I was very surprised to experience such a low level of customer service in Toronto which in my opinion is known for its high standard of customer service. Food-wise, the bacon seemed pre-cooked and re-heated because it was the hardest bacon I've ever had. Toronto has WAY too many restaurants cooking great food that would value your business. Don't waste your time and money here.
5_star Being of indian origin, and being born in the middle east, this is the closest thing to excellent lebanese food! Very clean and wonderful service! We ordered, shwarma platter with tabouleh and baba ghanouj, and the filafel sandwich. Both were excellent! So flavorful and delicious! Highly recommend this place to anyone who is into arabic food.
3_star Living close by, it's convenient. Their food isn't terrible. The reason I give it a 3 star because of the continuous bad service, the parking, and sometimes the wait. One time that made me so angry was when I ordered my food online and went to pick it up half an our later after midnight when you have to go to the bar to pick up your food. I didn't know that. It was the first time I've ordered anything after 12. I've waited at the front for a good 40-45 minutes without anyone trying to correct me where to go. I finally figured it out myself. Went to the bar, had to wait another half hour for them to get my food, and when I left....there was someone else who had the same delimma as me of not knowing where to go. Immediately, she was directed to the bar. Where the heck were they when 'I' was standing at the front? There was another time where I had to wait an hour for my food as well after calling ahead of time. Another time, when I was seated, they forgot that I ordered anything while serving everyone else at the table. I know this because the waiter asked me if I was ready, AGAIN. So, a 3 star is actually stretching it a bit. Their food is great though! I would just recommend going to a different buffalo wild wings for that.
3_star Food was a little bit more expensive then I would have liked, I personally like the goat roti I ordered but my friend said his roti was alright , and his mom said the same thing. the service was friendly and fast .
2_star I woudn"t eat here if you are hungry. I specifically got the 3 chicken enchaladas instead of 2 because I was hungry. They give you this extreamly thin enchaladas with a little rice and beans. Looks like alot when they bring it out but like I said hardly no chicken in the enchaladas. I had to order another basket of chips and salsa to get filled up. Food is fair nothing to write home to mom about that is the little they give you. I guess they figure the less food they give you more profit for them. First time there but I won"t be going back.
2_star I rarely write five star reviews. If I find a really good restaurant, I tend to think that there must be someplace better, so I give it four stars. In that spirit, I'm giving Hazel's Diner two stars. There must be someplace worse. Hazel's Diner is old, the vinyl booths are worn, the lighting is adequate but not bright and the general ambiance is dingy. They don't offer wifi, and they don't accept credit cards. I didn't dare check out the bathroom but if it looks like the rest of the place... Aside from the "no substitutions" breakfast special, most of the breakfast items are expensive compared to other neighbourhood breakfast spots. When I was there (8 am on a Saturday morning), the owner (Tony Xavier) was seated up front, there was one waitress, and there were two people in the kitchen. The staff outnumbered the patrons and I can see why. In spite of this, I was never offered a coffee refill and received one only when I called out to the waitress. The food was not bad but the presentation was unappetizing. I has a "Mexican Bennie" which was piled on top of some so so baked beans. The home fries were tasteless. When I asked whether they had wifi, the waitress said, "No. Will that make a difference?" I replied, "Yes. I won't be back." And I won't.
5_star I had a real good experience here. being from hawaii we got no olive gardens I have to say hands down excelent customer service and great food selection I opted for soup as a starter and they do refills on it. shared the tour of Italy with the wife , they even seperated it for us, big thumbs up for that. great deserts too.
1_star Brunch ends strictly at 2pm, so don't expect to get a menu at 130 & be served. Hostess will be rude about seating you as well. Go down the street to local.
5_star Love the cool urban atmosphere. The food was great and authentic. 3 words: homemade tortillas. What prompted me to make sure I review was when the management went above and beyond for me. Long story short, I left my receipt with a company card purchase and called in panic to ask if they could find and email it to me. They asked all the questions to be able to track it down and my panic was competely relieved with the way they handled it!
3_star I like the food and drinks here, but I can echo the sentiments posted here about slow service. In addition to that, I went here for my birthday celebration on a Saturday evening to dance and enjoy the music. The DJ actually said to me, and I quote: "I don't take requests. Go away." Seriously? I can appreciate that DJs don't always want to take requests when they're in a groove, but being rude is unacceptable. We took his advice and promptly took our business elsewhere. However, after submitting my complaint via Facebook, the manager contacted me and apologized for all wrongdoing. I REALLY appreciate this kind of humility in an establishment, so I'll be going back (and I'll only approach the DJ stand if (s)he appears to be taking requests!)
4_star This place is super nice, the store is spotlessly clean with a whiff of 50's diner about it. The service was efficient and fast - the food was up within 5 minutes of placing our order. SUPER NICE WHEN DINING WITH KIDS! We all got hamburgers - the meat was perfectly seasoned, the buns were gorgeous and pillowy soft but not overwhelming and huge. The patties were the best size - no mouthfuls of condiment bread, no jaw crackingly huge patties (yuck) - the cheese was the real deal, with lots of great choices. Veggies included were crisp and fresh and lovely. THE FRIES, oh man, are awesome. Thin cut, none of them floppy, perfectly salted, these are like the fries that McDonalds aspires to. I don't usually go for hamburgers but their ad looked so great that we gave it a try, and well, the reason I don't usually like burgers is because everywhere else I've gone makes subpar burgers. We will totally be going back to this chain, specifically this location.
1_star There's a golden light that scintillates from this place. It knows of hygiene and cleanliness. I am appreciative. Though, the patissier here is a pretentious she with a head so large I wonder how it fits through the door every morning (figuratively speaking). I walked in to order macarons, this lady did not blink once to withhold her tongue to promptly correct my accent, suggesting I didn't roll my 'r' the way the french do. I'm sorry, I thought I lived in Toronto, a predominantly English-speaking city. Jussayin'. Might I just add, I am fully bilingual, and her accent did not at all come close to the real pronunciation (smh). And then this lady proceeded to say: "Any self-respecting pastry chef knows how to say macaron the correct way" It was callous, and condescending, making me feel very uncomfortable, and belittled. NOT the way a business owner should treat their valuable customers. She must've had God on her side that day. If there wasn't a glass counter filled with maca'R'ons between us, I would've fed her a few open palm wake-up calls. So, though their product may deserve an extra star than I gave credit for, she abates that rating with her temperament, disposition, and ego...WHICH I BELIEVE IS FAIR. You review a business based upon not only their products, but also their service. I got my macarons, the only one worth paying for is the mocha flavoured one, the rest are deplorable, the texture is not what a macaron should be. For someone who is so confident in their macaron expertise, she really falls short in her abilities to prove that. Their viennoiseries such as the croissants are super fluffy & buttery, overly so almost. It oozed transfats. They really do live up do their moniker, 'Butter Avenue'. Just because of her, I'd never return. I'm not trying to go places where I'm disrespected and treated like I've committed the worst crimes known to man. Tip: Go early, they're ALWAYS sold out of their non-macaron items...or DON'T if you don't want to start your day off with a rude glare and a generally sour note.
1_star Worse service ever!! The waitress sent the wrong food and drinks even we had been waiting for 2 hrs for our order. After all the long waiting, of course we had to wait for the check, wait to pay, the waitress told us we supposedly to pay 18% of tips! WTF! Won't visit this restaurant ever again!
2_star I was very disappointed tonight with my hot teriyaki wings. They were burned and had no flavor. I should have went with the hot gold, but I was in a different mood tonight. I am a huge wing fan afficianado, because its in the flavor. I am still hooked on Louisiana Lickers from Quaker Steak & Lube (there's 1 in Pineville now. Also Whooli's is a close 2nd with their Whooli's sauce. But since it was my 1st time tonight I will give it one more shot. :)
2_star The food was decent. Dining area was pretty clean. That's the only reason I'm giving this review a two star. The roaring music the employees play are explicit and very offensive. The kind one should be listening using a headset or played at a rave party. Not a place to take children, family, aunts, uncle, grandparents, or even discuss respectable business. Regardless if a restaurant is $ or $$$$, background music should not be inappropriate. The content of lyrics played during a late lunch with my 12 yr olds twins were obscene, indecent and profane. The owner should have a sign on the door about their inappropriate music so children or anyone who wishes not to be an audience to this type of surrounding can opt out. This place seem to be overpowered by a group of young careless inadequate staff. Is it recommendable? I wouldn't put my name recommending this place, there plenty ramen places that are worth earning your business like Ramen Kobo on Durango/215.
5_star Amazing steak - Great service! Went here for a business meeting. Taking the wife for our 2 year anniversary! I recommend the NY ribeye, a nice red wine and a Moscow mule with dessert.
5_star Alison's is some authentic Texas bbq. The brisket is amazing, well everything is amazing. Mr.allison is a top notch Texan, extremely polite and very passionate about his food. Family owned business who actually cares about the customers. My wife came in to grab some dinner and we were both extremely happy. Thank you Allison family we will be back
5_star Dennis was an exceptional waiter. Coconut Shrimp (6) for an appetizer was a great recommendation. Ordered dessert too and went with the warm upside down pineapple cake, so make sure you leave room for it!
4_star - Good food - Big menu - Good beer selection - Good service, but gets crowded - Taco nights are worth the wait - Nice outdoor patio
5_star Best BBQ in Las Vegas, hands down! The food, especially the peach cobbler is always spot on! The only thing that could possibly make it better is more seating.
3_star After hearing such rave reviews we decided to try this place out. It is a small restaurant in a not so great area. I would suggest eating food to go or delivered. When we were there, an angry crackhead hassled us in the parking lot. So on to the food. The first time we picked up food to go. We ordered fried mushrooms, chicken wings and pizza. The mushrooms were delicious. The wings were kind of dry. My husband loved his pizza. Next week, we got it delivered. Any place that delivers to the base gets a bonus point. This time we ordered spicy buffalo pizza, bacon cheeseburger, and baklava. Once again the pizza was delicious. The burger was huge but didn't have a lot of seasoning to it and was kind of dry. The baklava just tasted really greasy and bitter. Over all, the place is decent for the price and the portions are pretty big.
3_star It was okay I heard so many good reviews and so I wanted to come and see for myself I got the snickers flapjack with biscuits and sausage gravy they were okay nothing amazing though I've definitely had better in my hometown so I was not impressed Our waiter was great very helpful
4_star An update as I have visited Sweet Tomatoes quite often in the last couple of months. It's mostly some little gripes that I have and I need to vent. Sweet Tomatoes seems to have an obsession with Asiago cheese. They have 3 types of focaccia bread, all of them with Asiago Their 2 main salads have Asiago cheese. Seriously? I personally don't like Asiago and would like to see some more variety or at least use a more universally accepted cheese (mozzarella would be nice). Or at least don't mix it everywhere! Then another staple salad they have, Won Ton Chicken barely has any chicken! Why not call it Won Ton salad? And what about the desserts? The warm apple cobbler tastes like a homemade one, with large chunks of fresh apple and pleasantly sweet, but not overly so, syrup. Sweet potatoes with maple butter are amazing, definitely try these. The brownie muffins and fudge brownie are not always sweet (sometimes they're just right, others time they have a dark chocolate taste but the fudge brownie really lacks the "fudge", it tastes "watered down" somehow). Banana bread muffins are nice and soft with a pleasant taste of banana (no banana chunks) as are the apple cinnamon muffins. The sugar free chocolate mousse is amazing as always, light and fluffy. The soft serve ice cream is actually yogurt and you can't really tell the difference. There's a choice of toppings like chocolate and caramel syrup, chocolate sprinkles, nuts and cookie crumbles. The cookie crumbles are relatively dry and hard, they're not "cookie dough" chunks you're used to seeing in ice cream. Overall good for a salad buffet with healthy dessert alternatives. Keep in mind that Sweet Tomatoes (slighly) change their menu every 2 weeks(ish) so some items may be missing while others are always there.
1_star Very poor service and the food quality is below standard....there were food stains on the plates, half dry up shrimp head on the table cloth and we were the first customer on that table. My 7 yrs old son asked me why the shrimp rice roll taste weird, not like the ones we get in Markham. We couldn't eat another bite of the pork dumplings because the pork taste funny; WILL NOT RETURN
4_star Sun's Thai Food & Jerky was a wonderful surprise! We stopped in to grab their lunch special, around six dollars for select entrees and it included a drink, a small appetizer (either soup or a spring roll), and steamed rice. They have a karaoke stage open to the public, and the atmosphere is relaxing and simple. The service was really friendly and was happy to answer any questions we had. My boyfriend ordered red curry, and I ordered the green, each with pork as the meat. The orders came very quickly, and the appetizers were quite good. The spring roll was a little plain, nothing special, but the hot and sour soup was fantastic. The curry that we ordered for the lunch special came in a bowl with a scoop of rice next to it. It didn't look like a lot of food until they were combined, but I could barely finish half of mine, so don't worry about leaving hungry. Their portions are quite generous. As for drinks, the standard Thai tea and Thai coffee were delicious and included in the special. The only warning I have to give about this place is how spicy their seven was. I can usually handle spicy food pretty well, but they use baked Thai chilies, and they really bite you back. My boyfriend, however, ordered their ten and absolutely loved it, so I suppose it just depends on if you're a weenie or not. Either way, Sun's Thai Food and Jerky was a delicious spur-of-the-moment choice and we will definitely be going back.
5_star This is one of the places I sincerely miss! I often find myself craving their food, and they amazing drinks. I love this place.
1_star Horrible food and horrible service. The food has no flavour and takes the server over 30 mins to get your order. Wouldn't recommend !
4_star I never noticed this place before, it doesn't really stand out if your walking or driving past. Walking in, the decor was plain, even cheap looking. The service was slow and forgetful, but we did have a large group and there were only two people working in the whole place. Honestly I didn't have high expectations. But, I was impressed! The rolls and sushi were great! The fish seemed good quality and we tried several different kinds of rolls. I can't remember which ones but I liked them all! The prices were a good range, pricier for the fancier rolls. I would go back for sure.
2_star The space feels a bit cavernous. When we arrived we were told we had the table for 2.5 hours. Oh. That wasn't mentioned when we booked. Our server was amazing but the manager came and asked us to keep it down. I really have no idea why- the kids sitting nearby??? Please!! The music was loud and it was Saturday night after 8! The cocktails were delish. The burger and frites were good but the wagu not so much. The pasta tasted fine but all of the plating was really blah, so uninspired! The 50s music in the basement was obscure and boring.
2_star Over priced for what you get. Utensils are dirty and the portions are little. This place was amazing and has gotten much worse, what a shame.
1_star After we ate we noticed that one of the crackers was chewed up by a rodent. Wouldn't recommend or go back to the place at all.
5_star This is my very first review on Yelp. I'm been an active user and decided to share my secret favorite place - Eden's Grill. Looking for the finest Mediterranean food in the valley? Eden's Grill is the place to go. Consider the Gyros, Chicken and Beef Kebab combination for two. It's our favorite dish, since it allows us to have it all. Did I mention the rice? Covered in golden raisins and almonds- WOW. Ended the evening Nehren's Wedding Cake for dessert. I dislike cake, but I'm still thinking about how good it was. Try it.
2_star First I'd like to say that Nick and Angie have done a tremendous job bringing great beer to the burgh...this was my go to for one of kind, can't get anywhere else beer. Sadly, I noticed a trend of serving beers under 7% in snifters a few months ago. $7 or 8 for 10oz of a beer I can get anywhere else in a pint is just a little presumptous and overpriced. If you look at their draft list, there are few beers than make it into a pint glass now. Snifters and tulips seem to be the norm. I'm sad to say I've stopped going to Caliente because of this. While I love what they bring to the table and their pizza is really good...I can go elsewhere and spend less, and have the same experience and beer now. I'd suggest happy hour if you want to try it out. Half priced drafts from 430-630pm.
5_star They have a short menu that doesn't offer much if you don't like raw fish. But what they do sell is fantastic. I had the sashimi bento box. All the nigiri was stellar, very fresh and flavorful. The shrimp tempura was cooked perfectly: The shrimp was tender and not at all rubbery, and the tempura coating was delicate. For dessert, they gave us a couple complimentary bites of honeydew melon. Prices were very reasonable and service was prompt and friendly. Some Japanese ladies were eating at the table next to us -- not a perfect sign of quality and authenticity, but a good one nonetheless. Highly recommended overall.
4_star This place is not just a restaurant has a great bar and a outside deck with one of the best views of Las Vegas. The food is good and selections is limited. Drink are on the expensive side and it is a private club. I would recommend there steak with crab. It has a disco at night at 10 pm the space is small and can be crowded. I would recommend this place and I am going back again.
1_star This used to be called Real Bagel and they've done a fabulous job at revamping the store and the selection. Friendly service. Unfortunate that they've just been fined $1500 for uncleanliness/vermin by the city of Montreal which is a deal breaker for me.
5_star Last night I was part of a group of 15 that gathered on the patio at 5 & diner to enjoy the good food and the beautiful weather. As usual the service was outstanding and the friendly staff went out of their way to show they appreciated our business. Looking for a place that serves breakfast any time of the day or night? You've found a home here. This is excellent, low cost, traditional diner food. I love the type of music that is always playing in the background. This is one of the few places to eat on the patio where you are far enough away from the street.
3_star Overall pizza was decent. Would have rated it hunter of the crust wasn't burnt on the bottom. Will give it a second try to see if it comes out less over done. Price was good and it was a great size.
5_star I have been a customer for the last 6 months and will say they have the BEST PIZZA AND BREAD STICKS IN TOWN!!! I cannot attest for the rest of their menu but their pepperoni and cheese pizza is the best!!!
2_star Thought it would be better. Very basic and over-priced. Suggest not wasting time.
2_star Wish I could say more about this place because I live so close! BUT of the items I've had during 2 visits: lentil soup, house salad, feta pita, hummus, baba ganoush, shawarma, tabouli, falafel...ALL MEDIOCRE. Shawarma was not authentic it was a shredded up beef steak. The dips tasted like they could a been from a can. Its inexpensive but disappointing. Prob won't go back.
2_star Dry salmon, cheap bread, slow service, and wildly overpriced for all that. No one in our group seemed to enjoy their meals. I walked away thinking, "I really don't get how this place is popular."
4_star My sister and I found Tavernakaya quite by accident on a Saturday afternoon. The Badgers had just beaten Iowa in an away game, which meant that all the bars downtown were packed to the gills with Badger fans watching the game on TV. Then the bars emptied and everyone went in search of food. EVERY restaurant we passed on upper State Street and all the way around the Capitol had lines out the door and 45-minute waits. And then, suddenly, here was Tavernakaya with nary a soul in sight. I had no idea what to make of the name (I belatedly got the Izakaya connection), so we turned to the chalkboard outside, which was advertising brunch. Hmm. The sis and I were starving, so we decided to give it a chance. We were immediately blown away by the crazy-cool interior--and by the fact that only one other table in the restaurant was occupied. We weren't in the mood for brunch and the sushi options seemed really pricey, so we opted for veggie fried rice and teriyaki chicken. Both were really, really good. The chicken was a stand-out because the sauce was light and flavorful--not like the thick, cloying stuff we've become accustomed to with a lot of Americanized Asian food. The chicken itself (thighs, which have SO MUCH MORE FLAVOR than breasts, hello) was crusted in black sesame seeds and yummy, yummy, YUMMY. Our waitress was really friendly and efficient. Overall, we had a very enjoyable lunch. In summary, I don't understand why this place isn't packed. I think it may be an issue with the construction combined with confusion about what the restaurant actually IS. Better messaging/branding might be helpful. We'll definitely give this place another go.
1_star I am a huge fan of Chipotle but I will never come back to this location. The staff looks miserable and are SLOW. The cashier decided she would rather clean tables then ring people up so we waited for her to come back. Most of the tables were already clean so she could of waited to clean. The rice was crunchy like it wasn't cooked all the way and the steak was really chewy. Never again!
2_star A very poor experience. We took our son in law for a birthday dinner. We go to Soul Cafe often. And we were excited to introduce him to the place via all u can eat fried chicken. Yet tonight everything was off. Very poor service. Extra fried chicken took 20 minutes. Waiters attitude was flip and absent. Plus there were very few people there. So no excuse for poor service. We were disappointed.
5_star Best Japanese food in Toronto. Fresh, delicious and fair price. Definitely will visit again!
3_star Double Wide is a place I like going to in the summer. I love the outdoor seating and it doesn't get rowdy at this end of Carson. The waitstaff has always been quick and response. I've only had the BBQ but its always been good. They have a pretty minimal beer selection compared to other Southside establishments but still decent. If you want a good relaxing night out in he Southside, I would suggest Double Wide.
5_star So authentic!!! It is extremely tasty!! My brother in law brought us here Sunday night quick everything was made right in front of us! Even totillas so that was a plus for sure. I'm from California n was missing our taco trucks. This is definitely the spot if you're visiting Las Vegas n want some real Mexican food!!
5_star Mark us down as more California expats who have been confused for years why it's so hard to find a restaurant-style Mexican food in this valley that lives up to our standards. Not cheapie take-out chains, not little specialty places, and not restaurants that need you to be tipsy before you taste. We've had very good sit-down meals in CA, AZ, UT and CO, but NV has let us down pretty consistently over the past ten years. El Mescal lives up, though. We'll be back again and again.
1_star Not even sure where to start. We were told it would be 20 minutes to get seated, 45 minutes later we were seated. Then we waited an hour for our food, which was mediocre at best. If we are going to wait that long we will go to Butters, their food is amazing. We will not be back.
3_star Pretty good Mexican sit down restaurant. More on the Americanized side but still flavorful and tasty. I like that authentic Mexican food better though.
2_star I'm a bit frustrated. I love the pizza, but the place is always dirty; at least, the past three times that I have been here. The bathroom had mold around the waterline in the toilet and the walls in the dining room were dirty. Now I'm not eating out if the toilet nor off the walls, but it doesn't make you feel good. Today I went to sit down at 4 different tables, having to continuously move due to the crumbs on each table. So, choosing the bar across from the cashier brought me closer to watching how they prepare the pizza. The guy wears no food handlers gloves! Just hands on cheese on my pizza! No thanks! Fare Z well!
3_star Decent Indian food. Not incredible, but not bad, either. I usually go for the lunch buffet ($8.95/person) since shelling out $50+ for a decent dinner for two doesn't give me the food for value I can get elsewhere in town. As someone else mentioned, they have a late-night 1/2 off deal, but unless you want to eat dinner around midnight, it doesn't make too much sense. Nothing stands out in my mind as a "must have" or "to die for".... But, on the flip side, nothing is a "must miss", either.
3_star 1) Pad Thai (vegetable + tofu) - $8.95 Noodles had good texture (not mushy). A lot of vegetables and a variety. The base was not spicy nor ketchupy. They put a lot of peanuts on top which I like. 2) Thai iced tea - $3 Cheaper than most places but it is smaller. Either the tea was brewed stronger or there was less evaporated milk because the tea was darker than usual and not as sweet. It was different than other places but still good though. Small restaurant, 20 or so seats. It was mostly empty on a Sunday night so we didn't have to wait and the service was good.
2_star After we arrived we were told it would be a 5 minute wait before a table for 2 would be ready. Of course this was fine. I requested to be outside and have a high chair for my son and decided to wait inside in front of the hostess stand to enjoy the ac before moving outside. During my wait, several parties came after me and got seated before me, so after 30 minutes I ran out of patience and asked about the status of our table. It was ready as soon as I asked and the hostess just told me she forgot about us! Remember, I was standing in front of the hostess stand 5 feet away from her all this time! Then she guides us to a table inside and I told her we requested a table outside. She said that they put all the tables together outside to make them available for larger parties, but half of them were empty and when I checked in she did not mention that an outside table would not be an option. Did she just tell me that I did not get what I requested and that I waited for 30 minutes and other parties went in front of me because my check would not be generating sufficient revenue? I did not want to make a big scene and decided to take the table inside, but at that time I already felt so unwanted! As a paying guest in a restaurant! We ordered and ate the food but no matter how good the food could have been, we had a nasty taste in our mouth that would not go away. We ate quickly and paid our bill and went on our way. It's a shame that I did not enjoy this place at all, because we just moved into the neighborhood and usually like to have a "go to place" and this is not going to be it. The 2nd star is for the wait staff because they were nice and I can't blame them.
3_star As a general rule of thumb, we haven't found any really good seafood west of the Mississippi. Certainly, Californians will tell you that they have good seafood there, but everything we've had there, from San Diego up to Fisherman's Wharf, just doesn't seem to have the same flavors as that found along the Atlantic seaboard. Kings Fish House in Henderson comes the closest so far since many of the dishes they prepare are made with seafood imported from the east coast. We were in the Henderson and were planning to eat at Lucille's, but the wait in line was longer than normal so we thought we'd give this place a try. It was an early Saturday afternoon and surprisingly the place was empty considering the wait in line at Lucille's. We were quickly seated and since there were only 2 or 3 other occupied tables when we arrived, we pretty much had the waiter all to ourselves. We'd have to rate the service as 5 stars because of this, but if the restaurant was full, it might not have been as good. The menu is filled with items from all over the world-from Ecuadorian Mahi Mahi to Maine lobster to Alaskan halibut. So many choices, so little time-looks like this is going to be another of those restaurants that requires multiple trips. After some deliberation I went with the New England Clam Bake which included a 1 14 lb. Maine lobster, steamed clams and mussels, red potatoes and corn on the cob. Brenda had the crab cakes. It didn't take long for the food to arrive--after all, how long does it take to steam some clams and boil a lobster? The crab cakes weren't great, but they weren't bad either. Better than what you can find in your frozen food aisle, but definitely nowhere close to what you can get along the Chesapeake Bay in Maryland. The lobster was pretty good even though a bit on the small side. The clams and mussels were ok, but could have been better if they used mollusks from somewhere other than the Pacific...perhaps, I don't know, maybe NEW ENGLAND in their New England Clam Bake?!? Don't get us wrong. This may not sound like a great review of the restaurant, but the food was good and we'll definitely go back again. Everything we had was better than the seafood at any of the buffets in town. However, having grown up on the east coast where we could get fresh seafood right off the boats, my tastes may be a bit jaded.
4_star Great bar and good staff. Annie is always friendly. Food is very nice. Good for football or anytime.
3_star The Funky Food Shack is a cute place in a part of downtown I never really visit. I love the atmosphere, it's just funky and eclectic enough without being overpowering. I especially like the outdoor area and can't wait to hang out there with dogs and friends once the heat dies down. I was a little disappointed with the food on our first visit... nothing at all wrong with it, but it just seemed a little basic. The menu has a selection of sandwiches with fun names, but a lack of side dishes (basic potato or macaroni salad), interesting drinks, or anything out of the ordinary left me wanting more. Our sandwiches were fine, but didn't stand out above or beyond anything I ate at home as a kid. What I would love to see is for the Funky Food Shack to become a brunch spot (among other specialties... drinks in the front or back yard would be awesome if they had a liquor license). The outside atmosphere comes close to matching what Local Breeze used to offer, and I could see myself there every week or so if they put some effort into a great brunch menu. I'm not sure when they opened as the place seems pretty new. The woman who took our money, presumably the owner, seemed to have an interest in improving. I look forward to going back!
5_star Barrio is amazing! I have never had anything here I did not like. The tacos are amazing and very original. I've never had tacos like this before. They don't claim to be authentic street tacos- they market their brand as something original and it's definitely working for them! The line is insanely busy during peak hours so I recommend going at like 3 pm on a weekend day if you don't want to wait. I love their patio and in their main seating area they have awesome skeleton art and a charming fireplace which they actually turn on when its cold out. You can make your own tacos or try one of their amazing suggestions. I noticed they recently added peppers next to their sauces so if you can't handle the heat, you know what to stay away from. After writing this review I am now craving their dirty taco! Might have to stop by this weekend...
4_star I was introduced to Slymans about 18 months ago, and I'm a better person for it. Okay, maybe that's exaggerating a bit, but I can't think of any place I know in the US, that I'd rather go to for corned beef. They bill themselves as the "biggest corned beef sandwich in Cleveland," but they're being modest, because it's not just big, it's delicious. From about 11 a.m. until the close at 2:30 p.m. they have someone behind the counter doing nothing by manning the deli slicer, because they're pumping out sandwich after sandwich and it's all freshly sliced. Be warned, they are packed at lunch time, and service can be a little slow at the rush, but not frustratingly so. I really like their rueben, and one half of the sandwich is enough to satisfy me and give me a snack for later or lunch the next day. I have actually eaten an entire Slyman's sandwich, but I regretted it because I was too full for the rest of the day. And mind you, I'm not one of those waifish types who eats three bites and stops. I like to clean a plate, but it's not advisable here. I have also been there for breakfast, which is good, inexpensive and fast. The staff have been there forever it seems, and it's still family owned and operated. This is the kind of place where the same people have been going there for decades, so it's not unusual for people to come in and get greeted by name. But even if you're not a regular, the staff are chatty and jocular, and unless you're a vegetarian, I think you'll really like it. I know I will keep going back.
2_star This was probably the biggest waste of money. We got the table d'hote which was 60 bucks per person. A lot of filler courses for pizzazz that just wasnt impressive, really a lot of fluff. Started off with the lobster cappucino, which was good once you got passed the cream part. The appetizer were parmesan crisps with goat cheese. For appetizers we had the crab declination which was a trio of crab (not good, so bland), got the seared foie gras in which we really enjoyed the morel mushroom emulsion. The highlight of the meal was definitely our entree. If we had ordered only the entree we would have rated the meal higher. We had the filet of halibut, cooked perfectly over creamy mashed potatoes, with a tomato "ketchup". The veal cheeks were great! They were cooked perfectly, and were very flavorful. Dessert was weird. It was like a strawberry parfait, different, but not good with madelines. They also brought out some petit fours consisting of passion fruit marshmellow, pistachio macarons and peach, and chocolate lollipop? They gave us a nice parting gift of meringue cookies with nuts (although they tasted a little stale).
4_star My favorite Korean restaurant so far. The food is well seasoned, decent portions and a great comfort. The bistro is small and intimate. Perfect for small parties or a causal date. The menu is a fusion of traditional Korean and Hawaiian twists. I recommend this place!
1_star Salad had no dressing. Veggies were completely bland. Chicken had little to no sauce. Beef had little to no sauce. We asked for descriptions of sushi rolls and were told they didn't have any (how does anyone know what's in the Jason Roll?!?). Unbelievably overpriced. Took way too long. Nothing on the walls to create any ambiance. Will never go back.
4_star For breakfast, lunch, or dessert, Madison Sourdough can fulfill all of your pastry/bread/baked good needs. I've been there once or twice to grab a pastry or bread to go, but honestly, my favorite thing to do is grab some delicious grub on Willy Street and then head on over to the Patisserie for dessert. Macarons, gateaux, tarts, but the thing that gets me just about every time... the religieuse. Iced choux pastry shells filled with crème anglaise. Flavors vary, which is nice. Pistachio and raspberry are particularly memorable. I have always found the staff to be friendly, full of knowledge, and willing to give recommendations. Enjoy a decadent dessert with some strong French press coffee and a cute date who lets you share their pastry. It's the perfect end to an evening dining out.
2_star Absolutely Gross. I have been numerous times and the experience has been good. Not great. But good. My first lunch Experience today at mark rich was aweful. Wings were overcooked and dried out garbage with an overcooked breading I don't remember ever getting when I am there in the evening. Stromboli was good so you get the second star. Never order the wings again. Don't bother complaining to the staff cuz they will justify their food and not try to correct it or remove it from the bill. I should of purchased wings from the Albertson's across the parking lot. Which I am sure where they bought their ranch dressing and nasty hot sauce.
5_star Great food. Great Value. Throwing a shout out to Darius, who was extremely kind and helpful. It is rare to find restaurants that truly value great customer service, and Darius definitely embodies this.
3_star I wasn't impressed. I'm not saying that the food was not good. It just didn't stand out. I'm from New York and am accustomed to good pizza. I tried the margherita pizza and it wasn't anything outstanding that I couldn't get from a New York pizzeria. The insalata mista was pretty good. The iced tea was interesting (kinda fruity). Our server was the best part of the lunch experience. Other than that, nothing special.
1_star Not a fan! food was overpriced and mediocre at best! IMO go to HOLSTEIN's if you want a good burger! this was eeeehhh , even if they give you a free mac n cheese fried balls for checking in, still wouldnt go back!
2_star I really wanted to like this place. Really. But everything was just a bit... off. I should have realized something was amiss when we first walked in and the place wasn't even half full. At 7:00p.m. On a Friday. The hell? And aside from a pair of college students dining with their parents, we were the only people there not collecting social security. Sat on the beautifully appointed three-tiered patio which is great for people watching if you don't mind the Old Town trolley that drove by every 15 minutes. The wait staff was friendly and knowledgeable if not a bit too casual. When I'm at a restaurant with this price point, I realize I'm paying as much for the experience as the food. A little more professionalism wouldn't hurt. We started with the Foie Gras, waitaminute, no we didn't, because they were out. Did I mention the place wasn't even half full? That's a whole bunch of geriatric foie gras ordering SOB's. So we settled on the Himalayan Salt Block. Holy gimmicks, Batman. Tepid hamachi on a brick of pink salt. The aioli and the foam made from the grapefruit-like Japanese Yuzu were delicious but not enough to make up for the warm fish. Salads were next. You know you've got issues when the salad course is the highlight of the meal. Excellent Maché with a blood orange vinaigrette (with slices of said orange) accompanied by chevre rolled in smokey paprika. Simply awesome. The Baby Herb salad with walnuts and muscat vinaigrette was top notch as well. Our entreés consisted of the Grilled Baby Lamb and the Mediterranean Sea Bass. Both had the potential to be excellent. Neither were. The lamb was bland and barely saved by the hazelnut/pinot noir reduction. The bass was good but not really impressive. Thin portions that were just kinda... there. Now, I've got to admit I was pleased with the sommelier and his suggested pairings. And our chocolate raspberry torte was a fantastic dessert. But despite the beautiful surroundings and a few tasty dishes, I still left with diner's remorse. I do have to recommend their upstairs bar, Upstairs. Clever, I know. But fantastic ambiance, cocktails and music each time I've been there. And they offer an abbreviated menu from downstairs if you're hungry. So while I might not be having dinner at The Estate House any time soon, I'd have a drink and dessert Upstairs any time.
1_star After some months of not eating at ihop, mt wife and I decided to give it another try. I don't know why waitresses do not write down orders, especially one like ours that has several changes included. The result of not writing it down led to 5 errors in our food. We ordered the appetizer sampler, and that came out fine. Our drinks we also correct, except that we had to ask for straws twice. My order was the breakfast sampler, eggs sunny side up and pancakes were supposed to be cheesecake pancakes. My eggs came out scrambled. My wife had the split decision breakfast. Here eggs were supposed to be egg whites with cheese, they were not. She asked for a side of dry toast...it was loaded with butter. Here pancakes were supposed to have banana and cream cheese drizzle, and they were plain. But after getting all that corrected, and now half our food cold, my wife started to eat here eggs and pulled a long black hair out of it...she has light brown hair. All these errors lead to being aggravated and eating cold food. Why won't they just write down the order? And get it right the first time?
4_star La Casa Blanca is a consistently good mexican food experience. It is very rare that I walk out only thinking of how full I am and less about the lack of service and/or food quality. Clearly the customer traffic seems to have dipped over the past year or so (they have to big rooms and in the past, the main room was always full so they would have overflow in the back room) but I will continue to eat at La Casa because I know I will have a good and consistent experience each time.
5_star An all-round, top-notch steak and seafood restaurant. The staff are well dressed and well behaved around customers, their attire isn't too formal but still very classy and professional. The service never fails to meet our needs and answers all questions without hesitation or failure. Our waitress, forgot to catch her name, never failed to forget about our table and arrived every so often that it wouldn't bother us at all. She also recommended the daily special (an alcoholic drink) which we purchased and were very impressed with the well mix of alcohol and other juices, perhaps the best mix I've ever had (I don't drink much). The food was brought out in a fair amount of time but the wait was completely worth it in the end. The 5 of us all got steak with either lobster or crab with different sides, but all of them tasted amazing and mixed so pleasantly well together. The steak(s) were very well cooked, seasoned, and not at all difficult to cut through. The food presentation was very attractive and enjoyable, also given a big amount of sides, which I dearly enjoyed. The pricing was a bit higher than what I usually pay, but the quality of the meal was completely worth the price. Will visit again on my next arrival to Canada.
1_star The food was sitting out old and stale. They finally brought out some fresh chicken and after biting it I had to spit it out because it bled into my mouth. I tried to find something else to eat but the selection was poor and I just couldn't get over the chicken. I go to get some ice cream and they have nothing but the last scrapings at the bottom of their bins. NEVER GOING THERE AGAIN
4_star I would give 5 stars but the hipster staff looks exactly like the hipster guests and I can tell which hipster to ask for services from. I may be being harsh but I personally find it one star worth of annoying. They should at least have some sort of hipster dress code where all the hipsters look like working hipsters instead of guest hipsters. Other than the staff not having any resemblance of being employed there I think the place rocks. Good food but not cheap. The scenery makes up for the food prices. The games are fun but it's definitely missing a major bar game = billiards. Decor is awesome and so is the rest. Good times.
2_star I wanted to check out the recently opened La ristra, as it is in my area. Decor was nice, but they need to learn how to keep it clean. Dirty table and cloudy glasses are a real turn off. Margarita my wife ordered was fairly tasty, but very weak on the tequila, and it was way overpriced. Service just ok. Waited much too long for our food, and when it finally arrived, the order was wrong. Waitress told me I was in the wrong, so I just ate what she gave me ( shredded beef burro plate). The burro plate was pretty good to be fair. The black bean tostada that my wife ordered, was cold, and just ok. Waitress later returned to apoligized, admitting she did get it wrong. Burro plate ended up on the house, but I dont think it was enough to put this place on the regular rotation. Time heals all and I could see myself giving the place another shot, if it is still open in a couple of months.
2_star We went with a Groupon offer for a buy one get one free combo order. Never had so much trouble using a coupon before! The manager on staff was kind enough to "let us use the offer" even tho we wanted to order a veggie burger instead of a meat burger. We got charged for our drinks which should have been included with the combo offer. Whatever. I like their food.
4_star Have gone to this restaurant about 5 times already, probably my favourite of all izakayas in Toronto. Atmosphere is a traditional izakaya (Japanese pub/bar) like you find in Tokyo, Japan - loud and casual and tough to have a conversation other than with the person next to you. Food is always delicious, especially all the meat skewers which they cook over a charcoal grill. I would say all their menu items are great, but their sashimi is just ok. Prices are good compared to other izakayas in the city. Service can be hit or miss and often you need to waive down your server to get their attention. You get two hours max for dinner which they immediately tell you when you make a reservation and when they seat you - this is irritating and tacky and probably the only reason why I don't rate this restaurant perfect. Despite this, will be returning for the food and value.
1_star Such a shame. The atmosphere is beautiful and the servers are great. Unfortunately the food doesn't live up to the gorgeous restaurant or high prices. $20 appetizers and $40+ mains should be rave-worthy, but they're no better (and sometimes worse) than what you get on Danforth for half the price. We only had one drink each and our bill came to $80/person. I don't mind spending that if I walk out saying it was totally worth it, but it wasn't anywhere near that. We ordered all the things others recommended on yelp, and didn't find any of them to live up to the recommendation or the price. Village salad was made with firm bland tomatoes (in tomato season!) and a brick of bland chalky goat cheese. Dumplings were tasty but a rip off at $5 each. Lamb spit roast was tough and bland ...left half of it on the plate. The cheesecake was tasty but not worth $12 and not worth visiting this restaurant. I will be surprised if this restaurant survives through this winter.
3_star I was finally able to try Du-Par's and their "famous" pancakes. Well, they were good but not as amazing as I was hoping they would be. I ordered a short stack which was still too much to finish. I am glad I tried them but am certainly in no rush to go back.
3_star I've passed this place a couple of times, so I finally decided to stop in and give it a try. It's about ten minutes till 9 o'clock, and they are about to close. They serve me anyways, I wish she would have denied because the food was not warm. The only good recommendation is that the chicken was freshly prepared. It ends there, the pork carnitas were not flavorful nor were the pinto beans. I was also disappointed they didn't offer a combination platter or enchilada entrees.
5_star I just had my rehearsal dinner here for my wedding. Pam could not have been more pleasant and generous to us. She gave us the entire basement area for our day when she could have had guests turned over many times down there. She let us bring in our champagne without a corking fee. Her staff cooked us the best food and treated us incredibly well the entire night. It really made the who experience for me and my husband. I would not have changed a thing. The food and wine was so reasonably priced as well. Pam just wanted to see that her staff was taken care of for the night. I cannot wait to go back for the Farfalle Salmone again soon.
2_star Worst poutine ever. Some of the most bland food I've ever had. I thought out was impossible to mess up pub food, but Wayne Gretzky's proved me wrong. The only thing that made up for the overpriced, low quality food was the attentive service.
2_star Lies on waiting times. If the lady tells you 30 minutes, it's about 1 he to be seated after they text you. Be prepared to wait more time and it's ok food. Wynn has much better buffet and they have their act together.
3_star First time eating here. Not bad, good environment, excellent service. I've been looking for a good Mexican restaurant with good service and good food. Only thing missing was chili. The salsa they had just wasn't hot enough. It'll do but needed something hotter. Especially when you're eating menudo.
3_star Lemme say this first: 1) If you frequent this place EVERY DAY after work with your husband, or even every weekend you have FAR too much $$ and I'd like your healthplan, please. Jesus! 2) Phoenix: you gotta stop handing out 5 star reviews like clinics hand out penicillin during flu season. You make it WAAAYYYY too easy. 3)Please don't "hoorah" the end of Katz Deli. It was a good place. Kind of scary to see Phoenix starting to erase it's own history little by little. UPDATE: And a star downgrade. Been here several times, and decided to take my mom for lunch. The wait was 5 minutes...not a prob! Then we were crammed in what seemed to be the last corner of the restaurant - inches...and i mean INCHES away from the next table occupied by three guys. Cozy. Water? check....Menus? check.... Waiter?....waiter?......ten minutes pass before we have to flag someone down. We order hummus first and salads to follow. The hummus arrives, and the guy spills half of it on a chair, sets the rest down for us to start on, and disappears. Another 10 minutes pass. No cleanup, no replacement of the smooshed half of the hummus. Flag down another person - he's clearly annoyed as we ask "what's going on here today? We still don't have the other have of our appetizer. This is bad service". Pretty-boy McSnarky-face replies, and I quote,..."can we just get past all this negativity and move forward together and put this behind us?" He's serious. He dashes away and we never see him again. Almost another 10 minutes later, other half of hummus arrives. Previous mess gets cleaned. Then our salads come. Then so does every single other waiter in the restaurant in five minute intervals (to ask 'how we are'...in that really uncomfortable "someone in charge told me to come to your table and be nice even though this isn't my section but I actually don't give a shit" way). This gets awkward...and annoying and embarrassing all at once. We just wanna eat and I just wanna have some nice afternoon time with my mom because she happens to be an incredible person. Long story longer: the manager arrives to talk with us about this no-so-nice experience. He is very focused and thoughtful and attentive. He's not happy to hear about McSnarky-face's little spiel (as well he shouldn't be). He comps our meal...which was NOT our intention because we ate it and it was really good. An odd day. Won't be rushing back to Postino as readily in the future. Service really can wreck a lot of things. When they hire more based on actual service abilities and friendliness rather than who "looks" the best next to the leather seats in the dining room, I might visit. Their staff, for the most part, comes off as annoyingly self-involved. Yeah - pretty people are fun to look at: but it's more important that they're good at what they do...and some here aren't, from what I've experienced in the times I've visited. as if all the Scottsdalers aren't annoying enough
2_star I am not really sure why this place gets such high reviews for the food. Ordered the burger and was shocked to find it is a frozen patty. Beer was good but I wont be back for the food.
5_star Fabulous meal and great entertainment tonight, and the service was excellent. The first time we went to Nellie's, the service was terrible and the food disappointing. Tonight's visit was the polar opposite. The food (chicken & dumplings with chunky apple sauce, and herb grilled chicken with mashed potatoes with gravy, and grilled vegetables followed with the pineapple upside down cake) was superior. The service was excellent and the entertainment was simply outstanding. A true evening of great food and fun. I think they have gotten their act together. So, if you went when Nellie's first opened, do yourself a favor and give them a second chance. I don't think you will be disappointed.
3_star 3.5 stars. Hole in the wall Indian restaurant, catering the CWRU community. Hidden near the north side of campus. If you drive too quick, you may miss it. Once you walk in you are greeted by strong Indian spices, unfortunately a hostess does not greet you until a few minutes later. Small dining area. Pretty busy during lunch time. Definitely a hole in the wall experience. The dishes are chipped, the cleanliness of the glasses are questionable and the grease on the table from the last patron is noticeable. We came here for the buffet. Less then $10 per person. About 8-10 options to pick from. The food is not labeled, so if you are not familiar with Indian food, you may need to ask the hostess what you are eating. A few vegetarian and chicken options. No lamb :( My favorites from the buffet: yellow saffron rice, warm naan and spicy tandoori chicken. Dessert was a deep fried donut ball, served with a rice ginger pudding. Tasty for the first bite, but quickly becomes too heavy to finish. Definitely a good pick for a quick lunch and at a reasonable price!
2_star Phoenix lacks a good pho spot. The food here is very subpar. I've given this place a few tries and most of the time I end up leaving with a half eaten bowl. I'm Vietnamese and I know when a bowl of pho is decent I grew up in California where pho is the best in my opinion. I would pass and find something different.
1_star The food sucks. Very generic and tasteless. U pay for what you get. The only good thing about this place is the prime rib (very well cooked and tender). Tried this buffet, definitely not coming back. Not worth it. $31/dinner
1_star I used to come to this location all the time, as it is close to my house, and always had a good experience. Normally the smoothies come out quick and then it takes another minute or two for the food to catch up. Unfortunately the current group of employees seem to lack any motivation for efficiency or speed. I walked in and only one group of two ladies was in front of us. We ordered food and smoothies. It took around 25 minutes for our food, and our smoothies still weren't made. I ate my and finished my food while waiting for the smoothies. It took another 20 minutes for a grand total of 45 minutes for two smoothies. Seriously? I could have taught myself how to make our smoothies and finished them in way less time. For the nail in the coffin, the smoothies weren't even good. They tasted weak and watered down compared to what they used to be. Very disappointing.
1_star me and a friend started our night out here. we were surprised when at the bar we were offered chips n salsa! so since we had never been here, we were like, really? so, Tomas, the bartender took the chips n salsa and gave it to some customers who arrived later the we did! we promptly got up, informed the manager what had happened, that I would yelp about it, and we would never come back. so we went a few doors down to a sports grill, where I had a great lub sandwich n a few beers which ill yelp about next. I wont go back to poor customer service.
2_star Small portion sizes, random closings of the store, soggy fries, and disgruntled employees complaining to me about new ownership ruined this place for me. $5 gets you half of a small box of fries that taste quick and cheap. The atmosphere inside isn't great either, with no music and a small space making customers crowd in
1_star Disguising! Flys all over the place including on the food they were trying to serve customers, dirty floors and tables rude manager. Asked for my money back, I almost threw up. I have never seen a more filthy restaurant!
2_star First time ordering from this location...and most likely my last. This review is based on the delivery and customer service, not the food. I use to deliver pizza when I was younger (before everyone had GPS on there phone) and if I was lost, I either called my boss or the customer to get directions so I could get there on time...no excuses for a cold pizza nowadays in my opinion. Well, to start things out...the driver took an hour and 20 minutes to deliver, didn't have my credit card receipt, then wanted to copy down my whole credit card number! I wasn't ok with that...(I started calling the store to confirm that policy and then she changed her story and said she only needed the last 4 digits!) and to top it off...she didn't even have a pen for me to sign her delivery receipt! So I was left with a cold pizza, cold chicken poppers, no receipt for my transaction and a bad taste in my mouth about Papa John's. I use to love this pizza, but today made me reconsider that. There's way too many choices in pizza to have to put up with this kind of service. I called the store after the driver left and the manager was apologetic and offered a free pizza on my next order but it didn't make up for the fact that my dinner was ruined. I gave it two stars because I'm sure the food would have been fine had it been hot. Customer service can make or break a business. I hope they figure that out soon over there.
4_star Great place. Very high price/quality and quantity ratio. There are better/fancier places but if you want a decently=priced dinner, this is your place. My favorite dish is the thai fish cakes: they are an appetizer but are very filling. Papaya salad good too. And the pumpkin curry. I find their noodle dishes are not their best, nor is the sweet and sour dishes.
2_star I was in Native today with my 7 year old. We waited 15 minutes, after being seated just to have a Waiter stop to ask if anyone helped me. I replied no he never gave his name but took our drink order. We again waited 7 minutes to receive our drinks. When they came he took our order I ordered 2 dozen salt and pepper wings extra crispy that came fairly timely but had some sort of really bad lime flavor. He passed us 7 or 8 times, I lost count. My son finished his drink and wanted another do he asked me 4 separate times if the guy could get him a drink. Bottom line the worst service I've ever had. The only pleasant thing was the hostess was very nice
5_star Zipang is one of my favourite sushi restaurants. The food is always fresh and delicious. I would highly recommend this place.
2_star Ugh, if you're over the age of 22 just do yourself a favour and walk on by. If however, you're a young Uni student or wishing to relive your days as a frosh than you'll probably have a good time. It's loud, full of rowdy youth and has a decent brew selection and a few nice patios. This place is always packed despite its enormity. To my surprise there also always seems to be a big line-up out front, although I can't for the life of me understand why anyone would line up to get into this place. Although, to be fair, I am writing this as someone that is a decade too old to enjoy a place like the Maddy. I would happily avoid it but occasionally a friend who has gone back to school at a more advanced age is taken in by the reputation of the pub as a college hot spot. They then proceed to organize a birthday party, inviting all of their 30+ year old friends to join them in this cavern of obnoxious drunkenness. We all wonder why they have invited us there and bitch amongst ourselves about spending a night with the frat kids. Of course none of this is conveyed to the oblivious friend who planned the ordeal. In the interest of friendship we begrudgingly attend and try to yell out a conversation over the noisy backdrop, all the while feeling a little bit of pity for the friend that just hasn't caught on to age-appropriate hang-outs. Don't let this be you. If you're an adult with a social circle above the age range of 18-22, invite your friends to join you somewhere else.
3_star I had a good dinner here on Friday night - unfortunately poor service and inconsistencies knocked it down a star. I started off with the Beef Carpaccio - tasty, but only slightly better than average. It was a little skimpy on the truffle oil and a bit heavy handed on the capers - not the balance that I was looking for. The Scallops "Benedict" was truly spectacular if you are an eggs benedict fan. A little crispy potato cake topped with crunchy bacon, a perfectly seared scallop, crab hollandaise, and chives - now I know why everyone keeps taking pictures of their food!! Hard to describe how awesome this was - but take my word if you are a breakfast fan that this was YUM! I also ordered a side of lobster mashed potatoes (a yumdelicious combination of 2 of my favorite foods) and "Adult" mac 'n cheese that failed to deliver. It was more like a weird fried mozzarella stick .... not sure what they were going for but it was definitely the lowpoint of the meal. My husband had the 20oz ribeye and it was cooked and seasoned well, but nothing spectacular - My friend had the Seabass and her risotto was completely undercooked - we had to send it back. Instead of attempting another risotto, they offered up a substitution - which I think was pretty weak. If you're not confident that you can get the risotto right on the second try then take it off the menu! Overall, a good meal with friends but with so many amazing restaurants in Vegas, this won't be my first choice for a return visit ....
5_star This place is back up to snuff for me. The trick if you're a pancake lover and picky is to ask for them to make them very thin. Improves the blueberry to batter ratio significantly and improves the taste. The staff is much better than they were for a while. Back to loving it.
4_star Great Taste! best oxtail in the area, but is pricey, not so sure it's worth it, since the portions are kinda small for me.
1_star Do you want to buy Goat meat? Don't come here, they refused to serve you no matter what. I am keep buying from this place for a year as they have nice goat meat. But the customer service sucks, they refused to choose you buy what you want. You need to take what they offer. Don't even go near to that place on friday, they refuse to serve you as they are busy with the restaurant. I am not the one who complains a lot, but that arrogant manner they deal with the customers and blank out response they give sucks. It looks like he is doing a favor to me by selling meat at his store.
4_star When we go out to eat, my SO and I like to order different meals so that we can sample a variety of foods from the restaurant. In particular to sushi restaurants, I usually get some raw fish and my SO gets a bento with cooked foods. Here at Sushi House, I ordered the salmon chirashi and he got a bento. The bento was not too special but the chirashi was very good. The rice was well seasoned, with a generous portion of salmon, along with other little condiments on the side like marinated mushrooms and pickled radish. After the first time, I always order the same thing. The owners and chef are Korean and so the sushi is a bit different from Japanese or Chinese sushi.
3_star I wanted to give this a higher rating, I really did. This was the first time I have been here since the remodel. It took me awhile to go because I REALLY loved Metropolitan Cafe, was there on their last night before they closed for the remodel, and was very upset that it was changing. I was worried that the atmosphere might be too casual, but it was nice. We had a booth where we could look out to W. 6th. The atmosphere was great, and it was very crowded. However, we were able to get a table without a reservation. I was happy looking at the menu, to see there were decent entrees available, and that the Wedge Salad remained on the menu. Love the Wedge Salad! I will preface my food review, and say that our service WAS great. Drinks: I had an X-Rated (rum, pineapple juice, and something else.) It was ok. They could probably expand their martini menu a bit, but their beer and wine selection seemed extensive. Appetizer: Calamari. I really enjoyed this. It had some type of thai sauce on it, and it was truly delicious. Entree: My boyfriend had the chicken. Huge portion, he said it was good. Now, here is where my disappointment sunk in. I ordered the scallops. I am not a cheap person by any means, but when you are paying over $20 for scallops, there best be MORE THAN 3 on the freaking plate! I can get good scallops for about the same price at Pier W, and they give you 5!!! It was served with risotto, and I did like that. The scallops themselves were good, but overloaded with salt! Now, I like salt, I enjoy it, even though I know how bad it is for me. I had 3 glasses of water before bed because of all the salt. (Maybe it's better there were only 3 scallops on the plate, for that reason alone). Dessert: Since my significant other doesn't like chocolate (!!!), I always try to order something we can share, so I went with the Pineapple Upside Down cake. It was....ok. Just ok. I don't think one bad entree will deter me from going there again, as I could try other entrees on the menu, and try a different dessert as well. For now though, i have to give this place 3 stars.
5_star My husband and I had a great time at Mr. Chow. The food was so yummy and the waiter and manager were so funny and nice. Loved the prawns, spare ribs and their fresh chile sauce was so good on everything.
5_star I love this place! Tacos pastor is the best in town and their salsa bar is delicious!
3_star Being a fan of sushi, I couldn't wait for this place to open. I've eaten there twice now, once in the restaurant and once ordering take away and I have to say the food is delicious. The sushi is anything but 'traditional', so if you're looking for the authentic sushi bar experience this isn't it. That said the rolls are large and flavorful, so there is value behind the higher than average per roll price. The drinks are also fun and inventive. The server on our visit was competent, and the food was brought in a timely fashion. I'd eat here again, though I prefer a more traditional take on sushi. Overall, I'm over the whole Nouveau Asian Fusion trend. But if Asian Fusion 2.0 is what you're looking for, Voodoo Tuna is the place for you!
3_star Best Thai food I've had in Vegas. Sat at the bar because they were holding several tables for reservations, but they only take reservations for parties of 6 or more. It's very small. It feels like a place you would actually go to in Thailand, but operated by downtown hipsters. A majority of the seating is outdoors. I ordered the spiked Thai tea and my husband got the lady boy. Both drinks weren't particularly tasty. We ordered the tom kha, don't be fooled by the low numbers! My husband wasn't having a hard time with level 2. My favorite dish was the awesome noodles. They were delicious! Prince and tree at the bar are awesome!
5_star I love this place. I will get the bad out of the way first... There isn't a good day to go where you won't have to wait in line for a good 15-20 minutes at least. But Saturday/Sunday are definitely the worst - and don't even bother going on holidays. However, it's completely worth the wait. The food is amazing. Everything is fried in duck fat - which only after eating here did I realize how much better I felt after eating it. I love that I can stuff my face with this beautiful food and not feel like I drank a bucket of grease after. You leave feeling full, without having to fear the food baby you are carrying around all afternoon. My favourite thing is the French Toast. I get it almost every single time I'm there. It's quite light. It's sweet - but not too sweet. It has a nice orangey zest to it, and served with warm maple syrup. Delicious. I could eat here every day. You get your money's worth completely.
4_star If only it wasn't in a casino, I'd give it a 5 and come back more often. Thankfully, no smell of smoke inside. We were seated promptly at a booth and had a good time. Came here expecting over priced, bland food. Apparently I was in for a surprise. Our server was prompt and nice. Hubby gave him 8 out of 10 rating (we ran too low on drinks once). The foooooood.....best calamari ever! Crispy, soft, and TASTY without the deep fried oily feeling. Don't usually like tartar sauce but loved this one. Linguini was delicious-nice, subtle zing and scrumptious prawn. Steak was succulent and delectable. We didn't have room for dessert because the portions were huge. Reasonably priced for great food and large portions.
4_star Good food and the manager there rocks. She walked around and made it a point to talk to everyone. The building however can get a little crowded but it's a hotspot for Gilbert so it's to be expected. Overall it's a cute place to take the family!
5_star Honestly, I've only ever had the Daeji-Bulgogi; but it's so damn delicious, I don't want anything else!! Mmmmmmmm! Don't be fooled by the exterior!! It's clean, professional and always great service!
2_star I believe the only reason this restaurant is still open is the fact for the location. Its in close proximity to Union Station, the ACC and Financial District which makes it seem like a great place to grab an after work drink and catch a bit of the game. Unfortunately this is where the good review ends. It took the hostess 5 mins to come and seat us, the place was 3/4 empty so I am not to sure why it took her so long in the dining area (watching her it looked like she was more interested in socializing with her other servers then doing her job). The server we had was as about as friendly as you can expect from someone who dislikes their job, we indicated we were waiting for another person in our group, she arrived shortly there after but it took another 30 mins before our orders were actually taken. I had the double double grill cheese with Avocado. Taste wise it was good, however presentation was sloppy. As well the description of the food and what was served was misleading. Lastly, for a bar that boasts itself for being a sports bar I had to ask the server to turn cp24 off and turn the hockey game on. Her response was "oh, okay, I guess I can". If they are an establishment that uses sports as there centre point for marketing then a) show sports on the tv and b) have bigger tvs so its not impossible to watch the game. All in all I wouldn't recommend this to anyone who is from Toronto and is very familiar with the other restaurants and bars in the downtown core. To a Toronto visitor it would be great because of the location and the food is sub-par and reasonably priced.
4_star Amazing one of the best steakhouse on the strip. My husband and I ate there for our 5 year anniversary. We had a great view of lake. And the food was great. My husband likes his steak well done and it came out perfectly. It's alittle pricey but well worth it.
5_star Fantastic food and service. Reasonably priced and everything we ordered was exceptional. A great evening.
4_star Flanny's isn't close to our home, but we are willing to make the drive when they put on beer events. We've been there twice now and both times, we ate and tried beers from their excellent selection of beers on tap. The food is better than your standard bar. We've had the chicken quesadilla, burgers, and my personal favorite, the buffalo chicken wrap. Finally a place that uses a hot Buffalo chicken sauce instead of this wimpy stuff masquerading as buffalo sauce at other joints. It was delicious! The service is usually great unless they are packed. In which case you may have to wait to see your server or get your own menus. We'll be back!
3_star I like the patio on a nice day. There can be quite the wait. I usually order the fish tacos or the seared tuna salad. The fish tacos are nicely battered and the dipping sauce provides a nice kick. The salad is filling for me and it's light and refreshing for the summer.
3_star We were disappointed given the 4.5 star yelp rating, and such a long drive from the strip to get there. Aside from the entrees which qualify for the $ rating (around $9, add another $1 for a small bowl of rice), our appetizer and soup were definitely $$$. Shrimp Tom Yum soup for 5.95 was a personal serving size; we ordered two portions for the four of us, and it was two strips each of red and green bell pepper and a total of 7 shrimps (I should have asked if one portion would be 3.5 shrimps). Curry and pad tai noodle were of good flavors, but beef was overcooked and the dishes are definitely not 4.5 stars standard. Afterward we became convinced that because the merchant had a paid-advertisement on yelp that it had gotten bonus points by yelp. Oh and, the place has an open kitchen, so you will smell somewhat when you leave. The first impression of it is a fast-food joint.
5_star Wicked spoon always has a great selection. Bone marrow with kimchi for dinner is a must. Also if you want a nice dessert bar this is the place to be for dinner. Get there early because there might be a long line. But it should not disappoint
5_star Greek salad is the bomb! Great service - fast & friendly. Always get take out here & it never disappoints. I have been to a few Mediterranean places & they don't come close to Z's.
1_star Sucked! I haven't been there for about 6 months. We went for dinner on Friday night. Service was bad, men's rest room was dirty (stained dirty). My steak was way over cooked not very good and wasn't offered steak sauce. We won't go back to this location again
5_star I love this place. I have met Dean about 6 years ago when he was at Casey Moores, yes it is a small world. He is a great guy and he really took the time to learn his mothers way of making the pasty dough. Good for him for bringing a great piece of England to America. The size of the place makes it just that much more or a neighborhood joint. The beer selection is great, Boningtons on tap! If you have never tried a Boningtons, try one, now! The Pastys are awesome, the lamb and rosemary is my favorite. The meatball is by room mates. Irish Car Bombs for $3, I've gotten pissed in there ,more then once. I know that it is a little hot,but we are in the middle of the desert, deal with it. Thank you dean for bringing a little British to America.
4_star Had the regular sample plate and the vegetarian sample plate. Great hummus, falafel, and lamb. Chicken and gyro meat were ok but not awesome. I could not believe how tasty the meat was. Delicate blend of spices where no one thing is overpowering; a symphonic balance of flavors that melds perfectly. Their iced tea is refreshingly strong, with more than a hint of cinnamon. Guys behind the counter at the to-go/deli are quite opinionated and will not hesitate to steer customers toward their favorites. I like that.
2_star After sitting down, the waitress arrived at our table, and stated that she will take our order even though she is not going to be our waitress, as we ordered she appeared annoyed, and her response as I ordered was less than professional, I did not get her name. In addition, there was only four more people in the restaurant and our food took 37 minutes to arrive. The waiter that was working the table next to us helped deliver the food with the waitress, after that she disappeared the waiter finished taking care of us, he was very professional with excellent people skills.
3_star Line up: abandoned; 30 mins to check in, once checked in, another 20 mins. Mind you it was on Friday at 7pm on a TIFF night. Appetizers to give to guests waiting in line as they do at KhaoSan could be helpful to curb the hunger and would result in less people leaving. There were two couples, 1 ahead and 1 behind us who abandoned. 2 star Food: flavours were fragrant and bold, spice level was as requested, temperature warm to hot, fried squash was crispy, wine was palatable, no dessert because we were two and could not finish what we ordered: 1 fried squash, 1 green chicken curry in coconut, 1 red curry with beef (khao soi) - not enough beef and definitely not enough noodles in the latter. Khao soi was a soupy curry. 4 star Atmosphere: like what my friends' basements looked like when we hung out, but cleaner and more aesthetically pleasing. Good music, liked the vinyls on the walls. 5 star Value: $80 with tax and tip for two (we did get a glass of wine each). 3 star Overall I would give this place 14/20.
5_star I'll tell you my story. I moved here from sc because of a job. About 6 months in I lost that job, but all along we have been eating at Texas Ranch. When I lost my job they gave me one like family. 2 years later I'm still here. I eat here every day and still love it. My kids beg to eat here on my time off. I didn't want to post anything because I don't wish people to think I'm saying it because I work here. I'm posting my truth. Thank y'all!
5_star Wow!! Our experience here was nothing short of amazing. Our server, George, went above and beyond for us. He was very entertaining and went out of his way to make sure we were all happy. Everyone at our table had something different - pork chop, fish, steaks, and chicken. Everything came out perfectly and was delicious! The dessert was very good too - especially the Tollhouse Cookie dish. This was a great place to come to celebrate an early New Years dinner and will definitely be back if I am in the area!
2_star You know you're in trouble when the best thing about your meal is the cool box it came in. Pretty mediocre Thai food (comparable to any Thai food found in a mall). Fairly expensive for the small to medium portions provided. Was quick, so good if you're in a hurry.
5_star Cibo is absolutely fantastic!!! The patio is the perfect spot to enjoy their authentic pizza. Have the quatro frommagio... it is the best I've ever had! Love the fact that the owners are there most nights, and the staff are really fun and friendly.
2_star The food is great but the service terrible, refused to deliver half block out of their "area".
3_star This was my first time at Red after several years of loyalty to Sushi Moramoto. In comparison, Red's is smaller, faster, and has better, fresher fish quality. However, the price difference and smaller rolls over-compensates for the slight increase in quality. I will continue to frequent Moramoto over Red in Madison.
3_star Delivery. They overload on the veggiesi unless you order beef no broccoli. Higher prices than the quality of food . Really nice girl takes phone orders . Delivery driver quicker than their eta usually. But overall fair-good. We order from there often (mostly due to lack of options ) but more often than not are pleased when we do.
5_star This restaurant just adds to a perfect Vegas trip. I has the Pork dumplings which had a little spice to it, the Sizzling Mandarin fried rice and the Kung Pao chicken with vegetables. Everything from the food to the atmosphere was amazing. We had a party of 11 and were taken care of as soon as we got there on a busy Thursday night. A must on your trip to Vegas.
4_star We had such a great time!! The good is very good..kinda wished the potato saLad was warm, but it was good. The entree's we ordered were great, beer good and cold...music was live and lots of fun. Our waitress was sweet and efficient...AND VALET PARKING!!!!
5_star TH is a great spot for lunch, brunch, dinner or drinks. I work in Ohio City and TH is my go to lunch spot. Service is always great and the food is fantastic. The corn bisque is phenomenal and the sweet potato pancakes are a must try at brunch!
5_star I love this place! I go here for breakfast 3 times a week and I'm never disappointed. Get their breakfast sandwhich with a latte to go ..yum!!! Cute family business with a friendly atmosphere. Even though they are always busy, their service is very fast. I don't know about the review on 11/29 but the bagels are always fresh and out of the oven when i come. Their cream cheese is home made and delicious!! Definitely a 5 star restaurant.
3_star I have been here for lunch a tremendous amount of times. They have nice service and average tasting food. I usually get the chicken teriyaki bento box for lunch. However, they raised the price of their lunch specials.
1_star If you dare to eat here do it I assume before 7pm. We got there a little before 9pm on a Tuesday evening (they are opened until 10pm). The smell of the place should have been my first clue as to what I was in for. Moth balls and old musty water damaged wood comes to mind. The food, what there was of it... (1/2-3/4 of the hot food pans were empty) was dried up and stuck to the pans. And a fly seemed to enjoy the withering sushi (I only hope my husband and son survive consuming it). You may say well that's what we get for going so late.. but we were not alone... 3-4 other tables were sat after us!! (How they could seat people in good conscience is beyond me) If they are going to stay open until 10.... serve GOOD FRESH food until as close to 10 as possible! Chinese buffets are some of our favorite places to eat...usually 2-3 times a month. We've had them all over and this was by far the worst! And never was one drink refill offered! There are ways to put out good quality food until closing without wasting food... smaller amounts at a time. Especially when you have customers still coming in. We will never be back and I'm sure the owners could care less.... they got my 30 bucks. My advice... goggle another restaurant.... you couldn't possibly do worse.
1_star Just common HK milk tea, not good not bad!! I don't like the take out cup for milk tea! I just think I'm in Tim Horton ! Food only 1 star, my mother did better than here! Service = No Service = Tim Horton = Mc Donald = Burger King = ....... When we ate, there were some guys to fix the waste pipe! So disgusting smell!
5_star We came to Sugar Factory for the first time on 1/22/12, but this is now one of our new favorite spots in Vegas! The bartenders are so friendly and make the most amazing drinks; we especially loved the bartender KC. We had the Twinkie drink and it is our new obsession, you must try this! The food is delicious; we had salads, appetizers and dinners. You should defiantly go to the Sugar Factory on your next Vegas trip for dinner and drinks. We already made a reservation for a bachelorette party on our next visit.
4_star Their happy hour (3:00 - 7:00pm everyday) is top notch! The happy hour food is a steal (and tastes awesome) and the drink specials (especially wells) are a deal as well. If it is off-happy hour, they have some system where they peg the cost of your first beer to the price of gas (which makes it come out to a dollar and change) which still makes it quite affordable to have a few brews with your buddies. It is great to have a solid local bar near Warner and 48th!
3_star we went there for their sushimi, but they dont serve it til five. other dish is avg. their tofu cheese cake is interesting, and can taste tofu within it, the green tea cake should be nice, but the piece I got was soaked. this is not a must go place to me, but service is good.
2_star I know a lot of people really like this restaurant so I'm chalking it up to a bad day but boy was it bad.... I ordered the thai spring rolls to split with my dining companion and a shrimp noodle soup. The thai spring rolls were so very bland (how could these be messed up?) and the soup was overly fishy and otherwise bland. The atmosphere was ok though I prefer the "family" feel to Thai Gourmet. Not my favorite thai place in Pittsburgh...
1_star Terrible. Have never had slower service. Waitier was not friendly, did not greet us when he approached the table. He would just walk up to the table and stand waiting for us to initiate the dialogue. The waiter served our $20 salad on hot plates. Ruining our salad. Dinner was not served until 35 minutes after we had finished salad. Will not be back. If you get Kyle as your server. RUN
4_star Food was incredibly fresh! Service was excellent even though we stopped in on a holiday night . Management took the time to personally explain menu options to us and check on us after our food arrived. Thank you Ron, what a fun expected Friday night at Pei Wei!
2_star This place has real potential but falls short in a few areas for sure. The bar staff is somewhat attentive but seems to be more preoccupied with spinning glasses than serving drinks in a timely fashion. One bartender broke a glass right in front of me while flipping it. The staff seemed inexperienced and not well trained. I repeatedly watched the bartenders scoop ice out of the ice bins with a pint glass, its just a matter of time before someone ends up with a glass chip in their drink. The waiter I had took almost ten minutes to greet us. He showed up with no menus or drink lists but expected us to know what we wanted once he finally showed up. He was pleasant enough but again just not super sharp. The look of the place is pretty cool. The patio is sweet and I love the decor for the most part. I noticed some other "restaurant rip offs" like the gum bullseyes that Postino has at their wine bars. Everyplace doesn't need to be super original but some things are blatant and show no imagination. All in all I was not impressed. This place needs some real direction and fine tuning.
2_star The place looked nice so we thought we would give it a try while we were in town. The host had us seated right away and our order was taken fairly quickly. All down hill after that. Our drinks were never brought out. We had to ask twice. Once they were out, we were forgotten. It took an hour an a half to get us 3 pizzas and a salad. Our waitress never checked on us and when we asked her for anything she looked annoyed. She never filled our drinks even when asked and a second beer was next to impossible to get. Pizza was okay. Crust was great, but the sauce was not very flavorful. Will not go again.
2_star Okay :)... several months after I posted my review on Stingray Biltmore I recieved an email from one of their partners! He offered me a $50.00 gift card and said he felt the problems I had experienced there had been rectified. I, being a believer in 2nd chances, took a few friends to Stingray in hopes of a better experience. I must say that the service wasn't AS bad (and it was REALLY bad the first time) but it was not great, and our bartender/server (as we sat at a booth in the bar) was definitely absent minded. HOWEVER, the fact that one of their partners cared enough to take the time to read and respond to my email says a lot!! If for nothing else, I can respect that and had to up the stars a bit. I do think one of the partners or owners should find a way to eat there unnoticed, so they would recieve the same service as everyone else is actually getting there.
4_star The Pros and Cons of Chang's Chinese Buffet... First time in this area of Phoenix and decided to stop by here on a whim. Small place, doesn't look like much from the outside. The food was however beyond my expectations! I tried everything, literally everything on their buffet table and it was all delicious. The chicken was crispy, the pork was juicy, the beef was tender, and the veggies were crispy and tasted fresh. But, the fact that I was able to try everything on their buffet table is sadly the issue. They're buffet wasn't really varied. Maybe 10 things tops. And for the price, I feel they could have had more on there. Still, if you find yourself in the area, I strongly suggest it. 4 stars in my book because I'd rather eat 10 things that were well made, than 20 things that were rushed and poorly made.
2_star Seems like this place is deteriorating by the day..Been going here for almost 8 yrs. and it does not flare like it did back then. It was always great for 50% on Friday and Saturday. But just recently changing it to 30% off on the same days does not attract to me seems like a bad business advertisement. Plus the workers seems like they do not care anymore neither does the boss it seems. . If you want cheap go here, but I wouldn't recommend it to my friends or colleagues.
3_star This Wendy's is better if you walk in vs. the drive thru. The last two times I went through the drive thru, my order was incorrect. The people are friendly though. I will return to this location. Just have to make sure I check my order before leaving.
4_star The place is nice and clean the people are friendly. The chicken was delicious. Only reason for not giving the full 5 stars is because the portion of the chicken is small. I do recommend this place. Order the 3 piece chicken the 2 piece is very small. P. S the beans are watery
1_star I do normally go to subway 3 times a week. Today when I went in at 9.45pm I ordered the food and the food is good but there are 2 workers working at that time a boy and a girl. After me and my wife took the food and sat down at around 9.50pm they said u must leave by 10 because we will close at 10 and I said OK. In between one old woman who finished her order and when she left those workers are commenting on her and I can hear that clearly. That's not the way how they should be they should have manners. And the main thing exactly at 10 lady came and said u must leave now and I requested for 5 more minutes.and she said OK but immediately after a 2 min she came in again and asked us to GET OUT and I got obsessed and I asked her do we need to stop eating right now and leave can't u give us 5min and immediately another guy came with a shouting voice and said GET OUT right now. I haven't faced this type of experience anytime in my life. He then said GET OUT right now or we will call cops. I don't know that 5 more minutes after closing time is a big crime. I said OK and we left the food on the table and we left. This is the bad bad experience in whole life and I don't want to go to that subway again. I don't know about other workers but these 2 are so so bad and I dont know why subway hires such a bad guys. Plz guys give customers some respect and plz learn manners go to some school. And also when I asked for Avocado in my sub he said we will not serve Avocado after 9.30pm and when I speak to the store manager a day later they said they will serve till closing time. Is this the way they tell lies to customers by not providing the available item. Thanks,
2_star Over rated.... The food was ok I have had waaaay better at mom and pop shops. Was also way overpriced. $9 for for two slices of French toast. If I wanted anything else like eggs or hash browns I had to order seperate :/. The only good thing I can say about the place is the food was presented well. But that's about it.
5_star My new go-to lunch spot because they're close to work and they deliver. Small subs are still big enough to be the right about of full. Great selection for vegetarians. Don't know if they make the garden burger in house, but it's delicious!
5_star This is my family's weekly dosage of Pho. You cannot get anymore authentic, great quality, and better service than here. We have been going here ever since they are opened and continued to enjoy going to Saigon Bay! I would definitely recommend for everyone to try.
3_star This is better than average mall food, and I love the cookies and muffins. There oughta be a yellow caution tape around the establishment, though, because its ultra-centralized location forces way too many cream cheese brownie breaks and those clothes I'm trying on are not gonna fit me after all. I do have to wonder if the portions for salads and sandwiches are getting smaller. A customer next to me griped about it to the cashier, and lo and behold, my tasty pasta salad was a little on the chintzy side.
4_star Niku Soba Ramen...my favorite but daughter loved the Char Siu Ramen. Nice modern ramen house decor. Will definitely return. Great location, too.
1_star My wife and I decided to try a meal here because there was an intriguing happy hour concept. During certain hours, the prices of drinks and food would vary, from lowest prices about 4 pm, and higher prices into the evening. We got there about 6 pm, when the price for a selected menu was $6 each item, and the price of a drink was $7. These were supposed to be happy hour, or discounted, prices. The regular price for a draft of domestic beer was $7. I assumed the happy hour price would be less than $7, so I ordered 2 Buds. The price turned out to be $7 each. No discount at all. On the food menu, the regular price for the steak street tacos was $18, The price for the happy hour was $6. That looked like a good deal, so I ordered it. Several minutes later, the server brought out a corn tortilla, about the size of a small bagel. On it was a tiny amount of cheese, and a little spoonful of meat. I asked the waitress if this was the regular price, and she said the regular price of $18 was for three of these minuscule servings. I pointed out that each would then be $6, which was the happy hour price. In other words, for the happy hour you get one taco for $6, but the regular price was 3 for $18, which is $6. So, the beer and the taco were exactly the same price for the happy hour and the regular menu. Very Deceptive. My advice - before ordering at this restaurant, be very careful. They really offer no happy hour deals. By the way, the taco was OK, but not worth $6. I would say a fair price for the tiny bite is 50 cents.
2_star Easily the most disappointing Mexican restaurant experience since I moved to Charlotte. Now, I will say the tacos were pretty good. We tried a few variations between the two of us. Perhaps this isn't fair, being from South Florida but how dare these people call that shameful drink a margarita. It was awful and for eight dollars (the house), it should have been spectacular. Of course we didn't learn our lesson. My husband ordered a fourteen dollar margarita, in a vain attempt at putting the last one behind us. If you like battery acid and mediocre food, go there.
5_star Everything was DELICIOUS! The chips and salsa and the mole enchiladas were super and their pomegranate margarita was super yum! You will only need one....2 if you have a ride home. :) The atmosphere was fun and festive. I will definitely be going again soon!
3_star Stopped in here for a quick brunch one Sunday morning. Had the sprouted bagel sandwich and lemonade. Meal was delicious and would recommend it. Only negative was the service we got at the counter - guy was borderline rude and I paid for the meal feeling like I needed to apologize for something given his attitude.
3_star The food and service were perfectly fine, just nothing special.
5_star Wow, this place was so good!! My parents and I stopped by around 11:15am on a Sunday for brunch and even though we were told the wait might be 45min-1 hr, we were seated in 30min. We all really liked our orders. Our server was very friendly and even the other workers that ran out the food were very accommodating. My dad got the jambalaya omelet ($11) which comes with Cajun home fries and toast... he loved the unique combo of jambalaya in an omelet and raved about the Cajun home fries. My mom got the cinnamon apple walnut French toast ($11) which also comes with home fries. She also loved her meal. I got the carminator ($12) and enjoyed it very much however the mixed veggies in it were cut into very large chunks that overpowered the other ingredients if you bit into the wrap the wrong way. Overall we had an awesome experience and delightful meal and will definitely be back again!!
5_star The food tasted great and the price was awesome. Their lunch specials are only $5 and come with enough food for two. Dinner specials are only $8 and come with even more. Highly recommend!
3_star Prefer crusty breads at other Italian restaurants. Would have liked to have been forewarned about the $2.95 charge for substituting one sauce over another.
5_star We are thankful we rediscovered this hidden gem of an Italian Restaurant. Everything is great, and reasonably priced.
3_star I hesitate to give The Griddle 3 and not 4 stars. I wish 3.5 was an option. The staff was helpful, the Orange Juice tasted like it had been juiced on the spot, and they had no problem making my order custom (I basically invented a sandwich and they didn't bat an eyelash). Prices are decent. The place is sortof cute. Something is missing or else this would get 4 stars. It doesn't quite feel... cozy. Maybe because the doors are open and it was freezing, or maybe because the layout is awkward. I'm not sure. But it has potential. Worth a shot.
2_star Do not under any circumstances go here if you have food allergies. I have celiac disease, and I mentioned in the reservation that I could not handle gluten/dairy. I reiterated to our waitress that I had gluten and dairy issues, but she could not be inconvenienced with such things. Our appetizer came out and was not what we ordered. Luckily, I questioned what we were served. The wrong appetizer we were given contained gluten and dairy. Our waitress huffily took back the appetizer and replaced it with the one we requested, which I'm pretty sure had dairy in it. When our entree came out and I started to react, we questioned what was on the pork. Apparently our waitress did not feel the need to tell me that the entree had ranch dressing on it and that it was not safe. When I complained to the manager, they brought me another entree with most of the sides missing. Not only was I horribly sick for weeks after this, the manager blamed the hostess for not notifying our waitress. I'm sorry, but our waitress ignored my requests to not be poisoned multiple times. She ignored us when I started questioning her after the first misstep. I should have walked out and never turned back. My celiac rash and severe intestinal issues were not worth the fleeting pleasure of good food.
4_star I had zeitoon parvardeh it was well season and was the perfect appetizer to start with my friend had fasenjaan a great vegetarian dish and i had aloo ghesi it was pretty filling good mixing of flavors and authentic. the sitting the arrangement is snug and nice
5_star Friendly and helpful staff - they take care of you here! We only had appetizers and a beer at the bar, but apps were hot and tasty and good beer variety (we are craft snobs). Ran out of one app, manager (owner?) apologized up and down. Super nice folks. Will come back again.
4_star Just dined at Modern Steak for lunch on Sunday and was floored with the experience. The first thing I noticed when I walked in was the amazing decor which can best be described as modern, but comfortable. Upon entering I was greeted by the hostess who went the extra mile to make sure we had a good table as my party had a small child in it. The lunch menu is pretty diverse and has anything from filet mignon to kobe burger. For an appetizer we elected to start with the crispy shrimp with sweet chili aioli. The shrimp was well cooked and the sweet chili aioli was an excellent compliment. For my entree I ordered the petit filet mignon with a potato puree and roasted mushrooms, which I ordered medium. The steak was absolutely delicious and tender. The reduction sauce that was drizzled on top was to die for and had just the right level of sweetness to it. I will definitely head back to Modern Steak soon.
1_star Service was very slow. 20 minutes to brew a pot of coffee. Waitress took our order 5 minutes after delivering the coffee. 10 more minutes to deliver our meal. We both ordered fish and chips. Lots of large fries, lots of green peas, small single piece of fish. The fish was mediocre at best. Crispy breading but virtually tasteless. In fact quite ordinary. We will not return.
3_star Service sucked!!! They take your order right away and then disappear. They reappear a year later with the bill in hand. Never checked in on us to see if we needed anything. When flagged down and asked them for something they make it seem like you just asked them for their first born child. Food 5 stars service 2 stars.
3_star I would only return for the atmosphere, entertainment, drinks, nice people. Its gorgeous, I just wished the food matched up as well as the service being on point with how pricey it is. Waiter was pleasant but was not attentive as we would like. I blame management for not staffing well for the customer turnout. I have had food much less expensive tasting so much better...so it was a real disappointment. Portions was fine but everything was bland. There also wasn't flexibility to customizing the plate of food you wanted as there was for seating. Please put flavor, real mexican flavor in the food! not enough parking.
4_star This is a great lunch option with a variety of options and you don't have to deal with a waiter. My only complaint is that they periodically phase out a lot of the great lunch sandwiches, so I end up reverting back to the meatball sandwich. The most recent one they phased out was the braised beef; there was another one before that -- forgot the name.
1_star WORST restaurant experience EVER! My wife and I visited Pure Spirits for the first time with two other female friends of ours (our party consisted of 4 females, ages 25-32). We drove in from Buffalo and arrived in the Distillery District around 1:30pm. We enjoyed one beer each at the Mill Street Brewpub along with a meat and cheese platter. We then headed to Pure Spirits around 3:30pm. We were genuinely excited to try the oyster bar out! As we sat down at the bar, we were immediately impressed with Tyler, the oyster expert. He shared much of his oyster knowledge with us, and we were greatly intrigued by the oyster selection (and education provided by Tyler). We ordered a basket of sweet potato fries to accompany our oysters. The food in general was good. We closed out our $150 check and tipped an additional $80. Three of us work in the service industry as bartenders/servers, so we always appreciate a knowledgeable and friendly server like Tyler. We truly enjoyed the friendliness of the wait staff in the beginning. After closing the tab, we put on our baseball hats and prepared to head to Rogers Center for the Blue Jays game. My wife and I (we're both women) hugged and took a photo together in the restaurant. Then, my friend and I headed outside for a cigarette. We spent about 25 minutes outside talking to other tourists before heading back in to the restaurant. The new bartender coming in (who appeared to be 13 years old) was less than pleased to be introduced to us as we ordered our second beer. Before we knew it, a server we hadn't yet seen came over to inform us that we were "cut-off". We laughed, thinking he was joking, but he was not. After asking to speak with the manager, she finally appeared with a large security guard in tow. The manager, Nadia, offensively accused us of being "intoxicated" and told us we had to leave. One could imagine our surprise. After all, we had only consumed one beer and one shot each over the span of 2 1/2 hours we spent in Pure Spirits. I could understand being asked to leave if we were vulgar and disrespectful around other patrons in the restaurant, but I can assure you this was not the case. Nadia was abrasive, offensive, ignorant, and condescending. She was rather speechless once she realized that we were actually completely coherent and quite sober. We coached her in how she could've better handled the situation and advised her she would've been wise to approach the situation like a professional instead of treating us like common criminals. I doubt such clientele would tip $80 on a $150 oyster tab. Moral of the story: If you are ever dumb enough to patronize such a poorly managed establishment, do not order ANY alcohol! You will immediately be labeled as a belligerent troublemaker. Also, do not hug anyone of the same sex. Gays and lesbians will not be tolerated. Expect to be accused of being "intoxicated" (probably even if you're only drinking water) and escorted out.
2_star I have been here twice. My second visit re-affirmed my original impressions. Relatively disappointing as far as breweries go. As others have noted, a long list of beers but only a few on tap (although they do have guest beers). I think their beer tastes average at best (but I will admit that this is my personal opinion, everyone likes different things). The menu is limited to wood fired pizza and salads. I've tried a couple different pizzas and neither was very memorable. The service is good though and everyone is friendly, so that's a plus.
4_star Yummy food very friendly Lots to chose from won ton Great Spring roll are awesome the ribs are a joke. I usually like the spicy octopus and that was bad. The dessert selection is Huge. The ice cream comes in personal containers that are delicious! Flavors like vanilla cookies and cream chocolate, green tea , coffee ect. It took 3x to get a high chair that was not broken
3_star Food was OK. They prepare food based on Vegan style. Food was not very authentic as i had hoped it to be. It's a good place if you are looking for simple indian food and not for spicy, masala food.
3_star Having eaten there many times, for me, dining at Remezzo is like visiting an old friend. There are no surprises but it's an enjoyable experience, which you hope to repeat soon. The restaurant is deceptively large with a slightly dated decor. Service is usually prompt and courteous. They have a large menu of very reasonable priced entrees. Everything you would expect at an Italian restaurant including pasta, pizza, steaks and seafood. I have never eaten anything at Remezzo that I would call a disappointment. Standouts on the menu include their French Onion Soup, Linguine De Mare (shrimp, scallops & clams in red sauce), Veal Picatta, Veal Scallopine and their famous Tiramisu.
1_star We ordered 3 burritos and we had to wait 20min. Too much salt. No vegetables. No service.
2_star Came here for restaurant week and was so disappointed. Got sat an hour after our reservation and the only reason I am giving it 2 stars is because they did a phenomenal job with trying to make sure we were taken care of. That being said the food was meh.....I have heard the same from a lot of ppl and told myself I would give it a try. The atmosphere is nice but I don't think it's worth the money food wise.
1_star The food was ok. My son ordered the child sliders. He was suppose to get 2, they only gave him one, saying they combined the meat to make one big one. This thing was so small it looked like a slider baby! My wife ordered a coffee, which was almost $3.00. When she was half way done, the waiter asked if she would like a refill. So I'm thinking good service.....When I got the bill, he charged us for 2 coffees. When I asked about it, I was told it was policy to charge for refills!! Ya right! I didn't pay it. I will never go there again. Stay away unless you want to be overcharged.
2_star Ordered shrimp quesadillas...there was maybe 5 teeny tiny shrimp in each. Might as well of given me empty tortillas. Bartender seemed completely disinterested. Definitely won't come back. A downer. I'd avoid if in Vegas. Nothing happening here.
3_star The volume at the bar blows!!!!! It's march madness and the speaker volume simply sucks!!! But the beer is delicious
2_star After searching on the web, my family and I settled on The Buffet At Bellagio for lunch time fare. Apart from the fact that you can smell the slightly rotting smell of the dishwashing and disposal area, we felt that the food was mediocre at best. I'm not trying to be mean, I'm trying to save at least one person from spending the not insubstantial cost of the meal. I tried a LOT (from breakfast foods to sliders to turkey and mashed potatoes to Chinese offerings to sushi) and to almost every single item it was a big fat bucket of MEH. Oddly, many of the reviews said the desserts looked better than they tasted, but I actually thought the desserts were very good, and I don't even have a sweet tooth.
3_star It is too bad that my review will echo what the majority of others have experienced here. Quick to seat for sure but then it is like you are invisible. Food is so-so for a place that appears nice - decor is great but that is it. By far the best deal is lunch bufffet. I have absolutely given up on evening meals here. Potential is great but falls way short.
2_star I have ordered albos 3 times while visiting Las Vegas. The food is affordable and tasty. That said the people on the phone don't seem to understand what people expect out of a cashier at a delivery place. The person seemed more interested in making me laugh than making sure my order was right and they could deliver it. This time my delivery driver was kicked out of my hotel and I had to come to the entrance to get my food. If I wanted to walk through my hotel I wouldn't have ordered delivery, I would have gotten food from the food court. The previous time I ordered they had no problem getting into our room but we discovered on the receipt had my ENTIRE CREDIT CARD NUMBER, EXPIRATION DATE, CC2 CODE, AND ZIP WRITTEN ON THE RECEIPT. The driver kept a copy. This is completely unacceptable as it invites identity theft. The person answering the phone also seems very distracted and set the phone down twice (for 5 min or so each time) to take an order from a customer in the store rather than taking the minute or two to finish our transaction or placing me on hold to deal with the in store customer. In short fast, cheap, food with a very poor execution.
2_star I made the mistake of trying something other than my trusted yellow curry here. I had the mango stir fried shrimp with rice. They dumped SO MUCH sauce it overflowed onto the food tray under my plate. I couldn't even taste the shrimp and veggies. Next time I'll order my meal with my sauce on the side and pour at my own will.
4_star I managed to beat the lunchtime crush of people heading to Haji Baba by about ten minutes. I had already placed my order. My plate of hummus and my yogurt soda was just arriving when I noticed the place was now packed, and a line of people was waiting for a table. Two obviously out-of-town ladies sat at the table nearest me. They used loud, awed, slightly bemused voices that hinted they were from the Midwest and had never been "out West" before. "... couldn't BELIEVE the TRAFFIC!" one was saying as they sat down. "We waited fifteen minutes on the street before we could even turn into the campus!" ASU was having their Student Load-In week; traffic was hellish anywhere near the university. "It was no better when we unloaded Nicole's things," the other woman said. "We were right in the middle of carrying in everything, and a security guard stopped us an told us we couldn't --" "Would you like something to drink?" the waiter asked, surprising them both. They gave him their orders, after asking "what kind of pop" they had. Definitely Midwestern. The waiter walked away, and they continued staring at the menus as they assumed looks of deep confusion. "What is ... shum ... shoe-marmy?" "Shoe-arma? Shuh, warma?" "What IS that?" "I have no idea. But it comes in a sandwich." "Like, on bread?" "It says on a pita." "Oh .... But isn't a pita a cracker?" "What about ... baba gub .... Bana gaboosh?" "Where?" The friend pointed at the other's menu. "Oh my. Bagga boo ... goosh? Excuse me? Sir?" I realized she was talking to me. "Do you know what this is?" She pointed at her menu. "Baba gannouj," I said. I kind of enjoyed the look of fear that crossed their faces, as though I were uttering a phrase that would summon a lesser demon. "It's eggplant dip, kind of lemony. Kind of like hummus. You dip pita into it. It's great." As I spoke, I watched her eyes grow huge as she saw my glass of fizzy, thick white yogurt soda. "I've never even HEARD of that!" the other woman said. "What's this fluffoofal?" "Felafel," I said, and the fact that I avoided laughing then should earn me some kind of award. "They're fantastic here, lots of great spices ... have you had felafal before?" They hadn't, of course, and I was at a loss to explain it. I decided the shwarma or the gyros were probably too "exotic," so I recommended the chicken kebab pitas. My koobideh plate arrived then, prompting another couple of baffled, wide-eyed stares. I told them to be sure and get a couple pieces of baklava for dessert, since it's better, fresher, and half the price of anywhere else nearby. They agreed, but I got the impression it was more due to the fact that they had heard of baklava before than my recommendation. Judging by the yummy noises coming from their table as they ate, they enjoyed their kebabs. I had to withhold a star, as much as I love Haji Baba, because it does not have the best shwarma I've found. It's very, very good ... but not the best.
1_star We ordered what was best in the menu. The Ribeye and the Harissah Burger .The Ribeye ended up being 60% fat. We left most of it on the table. 50$ wasted on low quality meat. We asked for the burger to be well done and it was raw. They apologized by serving us a donuts.
2_star OK,..I am the biggest Pei Wei fan you know,..I promise! But aside from the decor, PW Asian Market is a HUGE downgrade from PW Asian Diner. Negatives: -100% of food now served in boxes? What the? You can't wash a dish, or real utensils? - Portion sizes,..easily 1/2 of what they once were, price only slightly less. :-( - Call out your number to pick up your food? Really? Whose idea was that? Nothing says "hospitality" like getting your number yelled out at you and dashing to pick up your food and then dashing back to your table. - Asian Sandwiches? Again,.. where did line form asking for "Somebody please bring us Asian Sandwiches"? They lack taste and are served on "bread" the consistency and taste of cardboard, swing and a BIG miss! Positives: The surviving six dishes from the Diner model are still awesome,. just served in micro-portions, get two they're small! I want my old school Pei Wei back! PS - P. Fleming, did you think to ask any "customers" about your new ideas? Lost without my Pei Wei,....
5_star one of my favorite restaurants - I love their lentil soup with cheddar cheese and their fallafal rolled. Hummos and Brewed Mint tea are MUST- Haves! If I lived close by, I would dine here at least once a week.
3_star Great place to hang out. Food quality is great and good overall value. Weekends are very busy and this is one of the popular weekend places.
5_star I've been coming here for 15 years and counting. What is there really to complain about? The food is ridiculously cheap, you get a large amount of food at a very fast speed! If you're looking for upscale gourmet food, perhaps go somewhere else. But if you're looking to fill the hunger gap at a low price AND get your moneys worth then come on down! Dry chili chicken/beef, Special chicken, Satay chicken, Hakka chow mein, are all great choices. My favorite is their crispy beef. Really spicy, sweet, crispy. With steamed rice so not to mess with the flavour, yes please.
5_star We came here on a double date and both parties where blown away by the flavor of their entrees. This visit was on a Friday night, and we all know going out to dinner on a Friday is gonna be a wait. This place is really popular, so if you don't want to wait go before the dinner rush. The food and service once we got sat were well worth the wait. This is why we've continued to come back. We always seem to get sat in Clarissa's area. She is so upbeat and genuinely happy to see us. Whenever we have questions she provides with more than enough information to help us make our choice. She's even brought us samples of the sauces used in dishes to see if we'll like them. This is AMAZING customer service. Here's what we've had that I HIGHLY recommend: 902 (yes, I know it's fried rice, but the flavor is unlike any other typical fried rice I've had) 403,400,306,854. The only I haven't been too crazy about is the golden curry puffs. I felt they were bland. One out of the many we've had isn't bad. Can't wait to try more dishes!
3_star * Came here on a Monday night! Was quiet but there were about 3-4 tables. Expected though since many likely go for AYCE on weekends (?). *While it's order-by-iPad, whenever we had special requests such as no salt on edamame or to swap the cold for hot tea, the waitresses were super kind and willing. When we weren't sure if an item was on the menu, a waitress overheard and kindly pointed it out to us. *For the most part, it was like most other AYCE. The variety is not bad for a small shop. They even have torched sushi (salmon, white tuna, saba, red tuna). One thing I've never had elsewhere would be the spicy miso soup - nice to start off with something warm and hot! Their desserts include GT, red bean, mango, and vanilla ice-cream, chocolate/strawberry mousse, coconut milk pudding, and mango pudding. *Food came quickly too and no orders were missed :) Overall - while the quality can never be compared to sushi in Japan, Sumo is alright for Richmond Hill.
2_star This is the second time we went to Ramsay's. We wanted to go twice to be really get a rating for this place. The first time was for dinner. We go the Bangers & Mash and Shepherd's Pie, two items that a pub should be known for. Both were good, but not great. This dishes are both around $25. We also had the English Ale Onion Soup for an appetizer. That was very good. The second time, we went for lunch and wanted to try the fish & chips. We had Calamari for an appetizer. This was good. Please don't go by every ones recommendation on the fish & chips. We went there just for that and we both were very disappointed. $30 for fish & chips, they better be good, but they were not. You were given 2 not very big pieces of fish and not very tasty. Go downtown at the Main Street Station at the 777 brewery that were 100 times better at better then half the cost. Bottom line, not worth the cost of the items on the menu. Way overrated. Really disappointed in a place with Ramsay's name on it, Seriously, walk 100 ft to Bobby Flay's Mesa grill in Caesar's to get a great dinner or lunch at pretty much at the same cost. It is not a pub, but his food is so much better and would rate it a 5 over this 2. If you are a Total Rewards person, be sure you tell them for that big $1 off per selection. Both times they did not ask and had to point that put to them when the bill came, even after making a reservation online and noting our Total Rewards number.
2_star Good food but there are no set prices on coffee!!! Every time I get charged differently. Very frustrating when you don't know what your bill will be. 1st time I paid just for the meal, coffee was included. This time (2 days later) they charged me 2$ extra for the coffee and another $1 for the refill on the coffee. That is almost 30% of hidden charges.
3_star They are usually very friendly and the restaurant is a very nice environment. However, the last couple of times I went in, it was very busy and the service and food was not that great.
4_star One of the better burritos in durham. Beats mucho burrito any day. Choice of fresh toppings and staff usually make recommendations if needed. I keep coming back for more.
1_star Wow. Sorry I tried to help. The last thing I was expecting from a 3 star reviews (that pinpointed exactly what could be improved on) was being attacked, blamed and not believed by the owner (see comment by business owner below). If you can't take constructive criticism well from your own REPEAT customers then how can I feel confident that next time I visit your business that I would have more than .0002 seconds to look over the menu or I won't have to eat watching an employee using her cell phone (that I doubt she washes every times she uses it) in the front of the house. If that is going on in the front then I don't want to know what nastiness if happening in the back? Blaming a customer that requested time to actually be fully in the store before asking what she wants is completely unacceptable. So Business Owner let go of your ego, stop attacking customers that give three stars and perhaps listen to us. I won't ever go back. I have updated my review to a one star because of the ill response I received from the owner. I'll go spend my money where my concerns or suggestions are appreciated.
3_star Restaurant is lovely, was seated upstairs in a very private booth as requested, service was terrific. Problem is the portions were small so we ordered dessert and still left a little hungry. Ordered chicken salad, received one scoop. Hamburger not that large either...chips not the best side for the money. Food was good (not great) but we won't be back...there are better options in the south end for a weekend lunch.
1_star so, i ended coming here with 10 of my friends for my bday...and let me tell you, i was and still am really disappointed! service: HORRIBLE! usually, the service here is okay, but this took the cake. the waitresses kept rushing us to order, kept giving attitude to my friends, never smiled, took a long time to refill our glasses (and the restaurant wasn't packed at all!), and was HORRIBLE explaining the menu. my friend said, "she's probably acting like that because we're not dressed up fancy like everyone else...i want to put her in her place!who the heck does she think she is!" food: unlimited bread 5/5 - hot, fresh, delish! onion rings 2/5 - crispy yes, but the batter kept falling apart from the actual onions.... mussels (which comes w/a side of french fries) 1/5 - last time we ordered it, it had plenty of sauce/broth and tasted yummy...this time...had a VERY weird taste to it and came with barely any broth grilled atlantic salmon w/ratatouille 1/5 - horrible and disappointing! i usually like how they grill the salmon, but this time, it was dry and VERY bland. the ratatouille wasn't the best. creme brule 3/5 - the creme brule tasted wonderful...however, it did not come with the shortbread, which i was looking forward to. overall: horrible! horrible! horrible! this was such a huge disappointment on my bday.
5_star This is seriously one of the best burgers you are going to get, rivalling the top-end of the fast food chain and measuring up to any diner. You can tell that the food is made with great care. It's VERY informal, feeling like a 50s diner, and the staff is very friendly. Burger looks medium-sized but does eat as a "giant," and is excellent with the green chiles. Chili cheese fries also had American cheese slices melted (not nacho cheese as someone else wrote) and chili is very good. Reasonably priced for a great burger!
5_star Breakfast was just awesome. Pancakes were just right and the French toast were delicious and not soggy like other restaurants. Bacon was crispy and not greasy. Price was on point for the food. Will definitely come back when visiting Vegas and recommend all to come.
4_star Burgers are great, wife got the clucks and fries. Noticed of late the burgers seemed to have gotten a touch smaller. This is disappointing because as their signature item it is what sets apart the chain from their competitors. Still delicious just want a bit more! The clucks and fries were decent sized for my wife and the kids were entertained by the decor. We will visit again
3_star If you've been to the High St location this one will disappoint you. The basalmic on the mozzarella Brushetta was salty instead of sweet and the med plate seemed smaller. For a Monday night it was very busy and service was average. It did take a while for our food to come out. I'll stick to the other location.
3_star Place is funny, bartender was telling this guys wife some very crazy things he was going to do to her....not for the light hearted.
2_star What Happened??? I have been to Hana Japanese Eatery twice, the first time it was really pretty good, the second time, really, really bad. The sushi the second time around seemed not fresh, and the rolls very hastily prepared. We left most of our sashimi and rolls uneaten...I will try again, but I have definitely experienced two different restaurants on two different trips.
3_star Buffalo chicken pizza is really good, but defiantly avoid "Frankie Fries." $5 for 10 French fries with some cheese and three bacon bits. Honesty could not have been more disappointed with the fries. I could have made them myself for 50 cents and they would have been fresh and not done 30 minutes before my pizza was.
4_star Housed right in the Willow Park mall, this is one of the better sushi establishments you'll find in this area of the city. The restaurant has seated tables or a boat, and has lots of room so there's usually no wait. The sushi is always consistently fresh and tasty. The service is exceptional, and we never had to go searching for our waitress.
1_star Stop by for a quick dinner last night even though I have not heard good things about Panera, we thought we would give it a try. My husband and I got and steak and cheese panini, kids got a ham and cheese and the husband also got a soup. The kids sandwhichs were just ok (how can you go wrong with plain ham) which helped them get the one star, and I will say also that the employees were very friendly. However, my husband and I sandwhichs were inedible. The meat was so tuff you could not bite through it, I ended up just throwing mine away. I have heard that all Paradise Bakery's will eventually switch over to Panera which makes me very sad because it is definitely not the same!!
2_star Excellent Neighborhood ShitHole ! Consistently inconsistent, seldom open and catering to EVERY demographic in the PHX. Can't wait to pass on this place for years to come ! Owner must be proud. Cheers & good luck
4_star My date and I came here for an early evening drink and appetizer. They sat us on the 2nd floor balcony which I highly recommend even if it's a tad chilly outside (they had space heaters). The beer selection was good, but not great as you would expect at a "gastropub". Maybe 15-20 beers total in this place. We had the hangover fries sans-eggs and these were fantastic! Great amount of toppings and the fries themselves are delicious. Crispy on the outside like Arby's curly fries. So good!
1_star Place is disgusting...I make better burgers at home and the fries are disgustingly disgusting. This place won't last if people know what good food is.
2_star Spring Rolls isn't really my thing so when my friend picked this place for lunch yesterday I wasn't totally enthused - wasn't bad though! The tempura veggies were a bit too oily but their black pearl sushi was good!
2_star On a recent visit, I was disappointed to find that the food quality and value seems to have to taken a dive compared to a few years ago. I remember when I used to frequently enjoy their bento box lunch specials, their portions were quite generous and it included the usual generic non-raw sushi rolls (which I don't care too much for), sashimi, my favorite Tempura Yam Roll, a fried dumpling, and a bunch of fried tofu. On multiple occasions, the sushi chef even made me hand rolls on the house! I went back again after a long while and was disappointed to find things have changed... - The amount of sushi they serve with the lunch specials is down to just the generic sushi rolls, which were very subpar and tasteless. - There was not as many fried tofu as before. Also, both the fried dumpling and tofu were quite cold and tasted like they had been sitting out for a while before being served to me. - Some of the few select side dishes that I usually order have gone down in quality and up in price. For instance, chicken yakitori was very hard and dry (I used to enjoy this dish but it was so difficult to chew), and takoyaki was way overpriced and tasted frozen. It pains me to say these things about this place because the people who run the place are very nice and the atmosphere is pleasant and humble, but I just did not leave satisfied the same way I used to before. I should also mention that this review is based on multiple recent visits so I could be sure it wasn't just an isolated bad experience. Now I will likely consider other places in the area before I choose this place again unless things improve. Previous rating for before would have been 3.5 stars: Good food for great value. Not something out of this world, but leaves me happily full after a meal.
2_star I am a native New Yorker, from Brooklyn, I know Deli.. Scott's USED to be my go to place, sadly...no more. The greeting was warm and friendly as usual, but.. the place was empty .. it was a Friday about 3:30 pm..the only thing there.. was the roach that was on our table... The waiter was less than interested in killing it, we moved to another table having already ordered. I would have left, but my octogenarian parents wanted to stay.. the sandwiches, that should have been hot, were look warm if that, they were not as flavorful as they had been, the fries were good,but we had to wait too long for the frier oil to heat up. The waiter eventually killed the roach on the other table, but only after I got up to go tell the man at the front counter. Then no one washed the table!! GROSS!! I would (as a customer service professional) have offered something for the unpleasant experience, even if it was only a complimentary round of soda! But not even an apology was offered. Sorry Scott's, you lost this generation...
1_star It doesn't matter how tasty the food might be! This is the loudest most unpleasant restaurant I have ever visited. The wait staff couldn't even hear well enough to take an order. Skip this dreadful place!!
2_star So our first trip the restaurant ran out of wings. No, that's not a typo...a wing restaurant ran out of WINGS! Our second trip we say down but never received service and it wasn't even busy so we left...unnoticed. Our third trip the restaurant was out of their featured sauce. 3 strikes, you're out BWW!
3_star My husband and I went today for some breakfast. The decor is really cute, with lots of comfy couches. I liked their cappucino, foamy and not super milky. As for breakfast itself, my husbands croissant breakfast sandwich was very good, with some fresh fruit on the side. I got the belgium waffle combo and it was ok. The eggs are kinda like the flat patty's that come on fast food sandwiches, and a bit tough. The hash browns were a bit odd, like one solid mass. The waffles were good though. Overall my dish was OK. I understand they probably don't have a dedicated kitchen, since it's a cafe. I saw another customer eating the crepes though and I would definitely return to try it. Lastly, they had various flavors of macaroons and they were perfect! I would totally recommend those.
4_star Service was excellent from the moment we walked in and throughout our meal. Food was good old homestyle and portions were plentiful. Wait staff was friendly and efficient. We will most definetly return.
5_star This was probably the best seafood meal I have ever had! And in Pittsburgh!! Who knew? 2 locals on the strip recommended this restaurant when I asked where we should eat atop Mount Washington. They both stated Monterey Bay Fish Grotto. The drinks were excellent, as was the ambiance. The view was amazing and we weren't even by the window, but elevated to where we could see everything. Incredible! The appetizer was to die for, and the meal itself was superb! I had the parmesan crusted swordfish, my husband had the crabcake with sea scallops, and our daughter had the crabcakes. All were cooked to perfection and plated beautifully. Our server knew what she was talking about and was very helpful in our selections. For dessert, we shared creme brulee and the angel food grilled cheese. Oh my word, talk about delicious! If you don't eat anywhere else in Pittsburgh, this is THE place to try!
5_star My wife, my son and I had a FANTASTIC lunch today at Italian Restaurant. My wife and I are Brooklyn born and raised and It DEFINITELY met our New York City expectations. The prosciutto was EXCELLENT, the homemade mozzarella was to die for, and the flour less chocolate cake was the best we had ever had. The bread reminded me of what I used to eat at the famous Carolina Restaurant in Coney Island when I was a kid. I give this place 5 stars and highly recommend it!
3_star Great food, very nice environment, well priced, but inconsistent service. Waiting for a table outside can be painful. Not because there are none available, but because they take a long time before they clean and setup for the next customer. If you are hungry, you may just want to go inside and avoid the stress of looking at the empty tables outside.
4_star Service was great and so was the food. Unfortunately several dishes were sold out already and it was still relatively early. I would definately revisit.
3_star Crispy chicken- a little on the dry side, the spice got to your throat Beef chow mein- very good I would recommend this They have large servings so I recommend bringing a large group and sharing!
4_star Came in at a busy time and had to wait for a while to get seated. That's the only problem I face here during weekends.Dessert was so delicious that it was worth the wait. I would recommend everyone to try it at least once. I am posting few pictures as well.
3_star We went on a Friday night and thanks to their renovation and added tables, there was virtually no wait time to be seated. The menu offers a fair amount of options-- I might even say too many, as some of the salads and bowls really have only one omition or addiction of ingredients separating them, making it somewhat redundant. I'm vegan and it really seemed as though the two non-vegans who dined with me were more keen on the food than I was. My perception of Aux Vivres is that it's basically another trendy, Plateau hipster haunt that's geared towards capitalising on the vegan craze, targeting non-vegans more than vegans themselves. I don't tend to cook with tons of seitan, TVP, tofu, tempeh, etc., nor do many other vegans I know, and yet most of their meals are laden with them. Fresh produce and inventive use of veggies (plus a chia seed there or a nut here) are more than enough to create an appetizing vegan meal. My veggie burger and fries were extremely, extremely heavy. The fries were more like soft slabs of potato than crispy French fries. My two friends split a bowl (Dragon, I believe) and a BLT. The BLT was drenched in sauce and wasn't a taste I particularly enjoyed from the bite I had. I won't hurry back to the restaurant despite its relatively good service due to its overhyped, overpriced and under spiced food.
1_star If your staff talks that stuff and assumes that I don't speak Spanish and touch the young girl like they did, I think that you are looking at a big problem down the road, other than that Matt I give you a 4!!!
1_star Totally underwhelming. The high scores on Yelp actually makes me feel sorry for people who probably haven`t really tasted good food before. The pasta was not salted, and tasted like.. nothing actually. The fish (pickerel) had absolutely no seasoning-just a white fish with nothing else on the plate. I don`t mind paying for good food, but this was ridiculous. My thought always is, if my Jamaican mother can cook a substantially better Italian meal than a so-called `Italian restaurant`` can serve, then you don`t deserve to be charging these ridiculous prices with false bravado.
3_star food ordered: $13.99 prime rib, baked potato, steamed green beans & soup + beer food: prime rib was nicely flavored, big cut, lots of fatty parts tho. portion was huge, enough for two people to share. ordered the hef beer but not sure if the waitress brought out the wrong beer, but the hef was very very light, see through even! misc: cafe is located inside the Ellis Island casino. This is an older casino that allows smoking inside. the smell of smoke was very strong. walked out smelling like an ash tray! Parking: some parking spaces in front of the casino. Parking structure located in the back of the casino.
2_star I live super close to here so I've gone along with friends when they invite me, but every time I end up regretting it. Their chips & salsa are good but I have yet to have a good meal or drink here. My friends say their margaritas suck, and the food often comes out lukewarm. The service is slow and the servers often forget things and don't check on you very often. I'll continue avoiding this place.
5_star Amazing food, great atmosphere, great service. Highly recommended. Price is higher but worth every penny.
3_star Pretentious, but nice looking. Service is rude. If you do have valet service then teach your employees not to refer to guests as: honey, sweetey. That is wrong on so many levels. Cocktails 10-13 dollars, but delicious. Food in general tasty-european norm tasty. That means that if you know good food this is average. If you don't, then this is a 'good place'.
1_star Got 3 orders of lamb tagine togo and not even one of three is good. Lamb was smelling very bad like it was cooked may be 4 days back and the rice was kind of like spoiled or paste. Been there few times earlier for dine in and earlier food used to be average even though service was bad. But this time food is completely bad. Never going back again.
1_star I dont understand what people are talking about this place sucks.. The waitress messed up our order..bud lite bottle and came back with a jack n coke..really ?..i know just another dirty dive bar not moving in the right direction.. . Sorry won't be back.
4_star My husband and I went to Sumo Sushi last night for the first time. The place was a lot smaller than I expected , but it had a cozy feel to it. The sushi was great. Fresh fish & very creative rolls. However the service was sporadic and it seemed as if the waitresses were not communicating with each other about who was serving which table. The food did not take too long to appear, but I've had faster service. The saving grace is that the entire staff was very engaging , and personable. They also did not charge us for our drinks, as to apologize for the less than perfect service. We will definitely try them again, after all everyplace is usually busy on Friday nights anyway.
1_star I've eaten here several times. It's the typical food that you would get from any other equal establishment. Two stars for the food. Saw a rodent running between storage and kitchen in the hallway (possibly rat) when waiting for food. Horchata was watered down and tasted old or something.
3_star Went a few months ago.. think they were still working out the kinks. It could be a great local restaurant (for me at least) because it's right around the corner. The food is good, our server was decent, the place was nice. The pricing seems a bit high for my tastes. I'll probably try it again in a few months to see if it's gotten better. It would definitely be great to have a "decent" local restaurant alternative to what's currently (not) there. There's definitely no shortage of "biker joints".. and I am a biker so that's cool. But it'd be nice to have some more upscale places as well. Heck, there's plenty of money around--sadly, just not many places to go.
4_star Brunch was fantastic! Service was great! The create your own Bloody Mary is fun. Will go back again and again!
4_star Really enjoyed their Sushi. Went here last weekend and got Sushi to-go. I like the décor of the restaurant, it's dark and is actually updated and looks modern. I had a California roll, crunch roll, & a Rock N Roll. (I'm no sushi expert, I just like the simple sushi rolls)They were really good no complaints there. Good service from the hostess and didn't take long at all. My only complaint is that the rolls seemed a little overpriced, but I wasn't there during Happy Hour time so maybe they are cheaper then.
5_star What a beautiful looking restaurant for the amazing food. This is the 1st time I ate buffet where we ordered on an ipad and they brought all the food to your table. It was so fast. The quality of the food was excellent.
4_star Been coming here for the lunch special every Saturday for the past few weeks now. It's usually pretty empty, but the food is tasty and fast, and the owner very friendly. Don't expect anything too fancy, just simple honest food.
3_star I'm a sushi junkie. I've hit up almost every sushi joint that I've been able to find in Phoenix including the places that identified merely with a yellow sign outside that says..."SUSHI"! That's why I was so excited to try out Yen. I loved the place the second I walked in. The atmosphere was great, the people were friendly, and the location for me is excellent. Unfortunately for this sushi joint...I really only care about the sushi. That's why one of my favorite places in town is a hole in wall over on Dunlap and 19th Ave. I was so disappointed with the quality of the fish and the actual rolls. We ordered about eight rolls and only finished two of them. You basically have your choice of eel or fried and these are tempura battered rolls I'm talking about. I enjoy light sushi which is the way sushi is supposed to be. A fried tuna roll that weighs over a pound is just too heavy. I'll give it another shot for sure because I really do think it's a nice place but I was shocked that it's Yelp score was as high as it was.
5_star Sabor is delicious! Great authentic tacos, Mexican Coke (the kind made with real sugar), and fast service. It stays busy, especially on Taco Tuesday, so if you don't want to wait long, maybe check it out on a Wednesday :)
3_star Just went to Mr Cook's. Horrible service. Gal too busy on her cell phone. Stood there and ignored me for a couple minutes. When my food was ready she just plopped it on the counter and didn't say a word. I had to figure it out for myself. Now that I am eating the food at work it is substandard. The price they quote on line is not what I paid. I paid quite a lot more. The egg roll was extremely small and greasy, no flavor. The chicken lo mein is just ok. And hardly any chicken. I paid quite alot for just a bunch of noodles.
1_star I ordered a few 12 inch sandwiches , a turkey and a chicken... wanted avocado...they were out! Really?? This store is in the same parking lot as SMITHS Grocery and these lazy and UNEMPOWERED employees can't take a five'r over there and buy a few avocado's for peoples sandwiches??? Subway needs to look at their policies, training, and allow their people to be able to satisfy their customer's needs....Adios!!
2_star Service here is garbage. And their excuses for not splitting checks is just lazy. They said they'll do it some days but not others. So their customer service quality depends on time? Food is okay. Better than average. But you can get the same quality at plenty places down the road, not infested with drunk clubbers.
5_star Very friendly service. Like the hot towel and cold noodles that are served with your meal. Sashimi is superb.
2_star Hype. If you could clear away the kitchen, food and all the ink this would be a Great bar. The list of draft specials is stupendous and the quality of those pours (particularly at happy hour prices) is nearly as good as one can get. However, and this is significant, the kitchen is here to stay, producing some awesome hits and some awful blows but more than anything dire frustration. Apparently, the "Point" of this place is to be a sort of "lifestyle" event as opposed to something resembling traditional restaurant service. The staff is the most ill trained around and you will WAIT for as much as a napkin, not to mention food or drink. Sitting at the bar (precluding family and, specifically, children) is the ONLY option and even then even if the place is all but empty you can expect to wait a good 5 minutes or more for someone to offer to get you a beverage. The only person with both relevant service industry experience coupled with the old fashioned belief that the customer is first and right seems to be some chap with experience in the airline industry - which sorta makes sense, because when I'm at Melt the experience is very much Like being trapped on a jet stranded on the tarmac- if only the government's three hour rule applied here.
3_star Ambience is great with live music (tam tam and piano when I was there), well decorated slightly upscale place. Unfortunately, food was ok, menu items were interesting but taste was a bit disappointing. Overall, worth a shot if you don't expect great food.
1_star Ive been to Vegas buffets many time, but this was by far my most disappointing experience ever! All of us got sick!!!'The staff was lazy (wrong drinks and only 1 refill and dirty plates everywhere) ) and food was terrible ( meat was overcooked or raw and chewy and other food was flavorless and sloppy, sushi was spoiled, gelato was grainy and had ice in it from melting and refreezing, cookies were stale, salads were wilted) poor, substandard quality. It cost over $270 for 4 of us so we were expecting good food and service, I had a much better buffet experience at the Rio or Aria for less money...
5_star This is flavorful gourmet food in a festive atmosphere. I was in Las Vegas with my girlfriends, and we stumbled upon this restaurant while walking around downtown. We sat at the bar. The owner was working that night, and kept us laughing. The waitresses were cute, the service attentive, and the food was delicious! The organic greens salad had a flavorful homemade dressing, the sea bass in tomato sauce was delicious. This is the best mexican food I've had in years, and my first yelp review.
5_star I have to keep my gushing delight contained. Just go there. Everything about this house converted to restaurant/bar is fantastic. Fluffy (not thick or thin, not pizza dough as we have known it) crust breakfast pizza, Sunday omelet station manned by the owner himself. Bottomless Mimosas - $9 with any food purchase. Same deal for Bloody Mary's. The staff is super friendly without being super smothering or obnoxious. They have a great selection of micro brews, wines, a full bar, and frequent diner punch tickets. Buy ten drinks or food items - get one free! To everyone at Hob Nobs, thank you. You have a wonderful thing going!
4_star My ideal Saturday morning has become a trip to the Farmer's market followed by brunch at Graze. Ramen for breakfast? You bet. If you have a hangover, this bowl of deliciousness will kick it right in the chops. The soup features home-made noodles from Wah Kee (also here in Madison), and--though the menu doesn't say this--I think the same delicious chili sauce that Wah Kee serves is brought to the table as a side. There's so much good stuff in this bowl--the pork shoulder...the bok choy...the noodles...the poached egg. There are plenty of other things on the menu that look fabulous (and that I've been tantalized by on other tables!), but me and my Ramen are exclusive--for now. I also highly recommend a Supernova while you wait for your food.
1_star This establishment has poor service and bad attitudes, food was not ready. This place is just horrible. There was teenagers running around all over the place and the employees just ignore you. I had saved a table for my family to sit at. One of the employees took two chairs. I told they that I was saving those chairs for my family, the employee said that they needed it to close the bathrooms and still they took the chairs. I had to move to a different table at that point. When I finally got my food, which was the same as every other panda, moderate tasting. At the end of my dinner, we started to hand out the cookies and they ended up not giving us the proper number of cookies. Then, one of the cookies didn't even have a fortune in it. So we were technically screwed out of two cookies! Just the topping of a horrible time!
3_star Excellent food, top-notch service, exorbitantly priced. Not for budget minded diners...
3_star Very neat atmosphere! However, food was average at best but beer was delicious! I would come here maybe for just appetizers and drinks again!
1_star "Take your Groupon and shove it up your F*****g A**" was the response I got after being hung up on, twice. Even though I did read the so-so reviews about The Lobster Trap (Woodbridge location) online, I did decide to give it a try with a Groupon offer. Unexpectedly, I had to change my reservation and when I called the morning of (a Thursday) to re-schedule, I was told I could not without losing the value of the Groupon. I tried to reason with the woman as I was not cancelling my reservation, but re-scheduling it. I was promptly told that there was nothing else that could be done and she hung up the phone. I called back again and spoke with the same woman who was again abrupt and rude, telling me there was nothing that could be done, before hanging up on me a second time. Not wanting to leave this on a sour note I tried one more time to call back and reason with the woman. This time a gentleman answered the phone. After telling him that I had been hung up on twice, he told me that no I had not, it was a cell phone that got disconnected... twice... hmm... really? He then gave me the introductory line of this review and hung up the phone. Thank you Lobster Trap for ensuring I never come to your restaurant, along with anyone else I know or can reach by social media. Groupon, I would like my money back.
5_star Hard to find the mystery elevator but once I got to the "correct" 2nd floor it was totally worth it! I sat at the bar and the woman best to me ordered a banana pancake. It came out and it was the size of her head. She asked for an extra plate and she cut off a chunk to share with me. The pancake was amazing. Then my order came and at first it looked like too much was going on, but the chicken and all the other flavors blended together perfectly. Huge portions, very tasty and totally on point!
1_star I hate writing this review, but I have too. This is my first review for Yelp I have ever done and its a shame it has to be a bad, but factually correct one. I will write more, but I seldom have bad experiences, so have never felt compelled to write another great one about the many really good restaurants we go too all the time. My family has eaten at Yoshi's many, many times since he opened the business. He is a really nice guy and the food has always been really good and in large portions. My wife couldn't go, so I took 2 of our kids and a friend of mine. We hadn't been there in months. The food was terrible and the portions about 30% smaller than anytime in the past. The fish was old and on the verge of being not safe. Salmon for sushi shouldn't be black. none of the entree's, rolls, or even the soup was good. A family of 4 nearby got their dinners, took them up to complain, he didn't seem to care, and they left without eating. I told Yoshi, but he didn't respond. We will never go back again. My guess is that the restaurant will be closed in the near future. Its a shame because at one time it was good. Not anymore. No bueno.
5_star Very authentic! I was kind of scared to go in because it looks out of place where it is but i was very impressed with the food. The pupusas are huge for only 1.75
2_star While the staff at Eddy's Deli is as friendly and helpful as in any average restaurant, their food is simply bad. I ordered their dinner combination - meatloaf with mashed potatoes and a chicken soup. The soup smelled very bad and tasted worse. I suspected it was spoiled and only ate a spoon. Meatloaf was bland and mashed potatoes were, well... like any mashed potatoes. While my stomach problems the same night might have been caused by something else (but very unlikely), I strongly suspect they were caused by the food at Eddy's. I would not recommend dining at this restaurant. The seats are also cramped.
1_star AC out 93 degrees inside just think you should inform people so the can decide if they want to eat in those conditions not pretty much condem them to those conditions . Doesn't make it seem customer focused just want to keep the money coming in. Its a shame because it seems like an ok place. Hoped for a better experience family in town but what can you do
3_star I ate here a week ago the tacos in my opinion where less than satisfactory. I had 3 carna asda tacos the carna tasted a few days old nasty although the other ingredients tasted fresh. I also had a fish taco it was okay and tasted better with their yellow corn tortillas which didn't go well with the carna. The service was fast and friendly. The restaurant decor was okay aswell Overall I give them three stars this place seems like a white wash rendition of Mexican food little authenticity in my opinion although they had a Chicana in the kitchen
3_star Service was good, the food came out quickly. The food was mediocre. The omlette came out with the look of scrambled eggs, the busciuts and gravy had little to no flavor and my hash browns tasted like dead potatoes. This is a place to go maybe if you live really close or have some sort of emotional connection. I personally prefer other breakfast diners.
1_star Horrible experience, save your money. A $250 price tag for an appetizer, two glasses of wine and two steaks with a side dish in a terrible atmosphere and an absolutely appalling display from the servers. When we sat down (at not a great table, upon deciding we wanted to be moved we realized that the layout of this restaurant is so poor there actually is no good table) we could barely hear ourselves over the music blasting from the overhead speakers. Upon asking, they turned the music down, only to have them turn it back up again about 20 minutes later. There was some sort of conflict happening amongst the service staff, one waiter kept shouting expletives and the managers were shuttling back and forth trying to solve the dispute. The entire experience was unpleasant and stressful. Avoid at all costs.
5_star This is the best Indian food I've ever had. I can't remember exactly what I had because I asked our waiter for a recommendation and went with it. I think it was the Chicken Tikka Masala and it was great. Same goes for the Lamb Curry my friend ordered. I also think that you order every dish on a hot scale of 1-10 (10 being the hottest). The cilantro chutney was really hot, which our friendly waiter informed us is a 7. That convinced me to opt for a hotness of 5 for my main course. It was perfect. Unlimited rice to go along with your meals. Large menu. Nice staff who kept our drinks topped off. Nice restaurant on the inside too. Will probably go back this weekend.
4_star A friend recommended this new place to try. I got the famous PBJ burger,it wasn't what I expected it to be it was just that PBJ sandwich with meat I don't know what all the fuss was about. Let's talk about the waiter it took him 10 min. before he evan asked what we would like to drink and even longer to ask about our order. I guess since this location was in Scottsdale he thought it would be better to attend the older ladies that were there alone rather than a family. The service for me means a lot about a place, but the food was ok. I would not be going there again.
5_star Whenever I go to or pass through Montreal, I have to stop here for their BLT on chipati. Smoked coconut, lettuce, tomato and (vegan?) mayonnaise. It's incredible. My one regret the last time I was there (last Sunday), that I didn't buy a BLT to go.
3_star Sushi Island is located not far from Sushi D (my personal favourite AYCE Japanese sushi place) and a place we often passed by with a big line up outside. A couple of years ago, I went when a friend suggested I try it so a group of us went. My expectations were a bit high since we thought the big line ups must mean it's a good place to eat. We figure the turnover would mean the food is fresh and reasonably good. We were disappointed with the service (they even told us that they had a strictly enforced 1.5 hour time limit but perhaps it was the big bodybuilder with us that scared them off but they didn't know it's the small guys that are the big eaters lol). The worst part was the wait... they told us it would take an hour to seat our party of 4 and it took closer to 2 hours. Didn't matter, we figure by the time they served us food, the paper napkin would probably taste good. So, we sat down to eat and the quality was ok but nothing special considering we were starving. The service was a bit slow but we assumed it was because it was so busy. We decided it was ok but it wasn't worth the long wait and the rolls had a bit more rice than we liked. Several months later, we went back again because another friend wanted to try it but this time it was a shorter wait period as it was late after the main dinner hour. We met the owner (Chinese) and she was pleasant. My friend liked the selection because it had some unique menu items (eg. beef sashimi) not offered at the place we usually go such. He enjoyed it and also liked the red tuna so he decided to go back again the following week. I didn't go with him on the following occasion but he was upset when they told him he could only order red tuna once (3 pieces) because it was an expensive item so despite being an AYCE they limited his order! He complained to no avail so we have never been back since. Not sure if the ownership or policy has changed since then but my own experience was ok so a 3 star rating.
2_star La Carnita was a place that I recommended to all of my friends. Since the summer it had been serving, finally!, some good simple tacos in a comfortable easy going space. We were there this weekend and unfortunately it, cynically, has dropped to the standards of its clientele. It's crowded all the time so why bother making the effort? The margueritas were tasteless, the fish taco was overdone and overbattered. The chorizo was greasy. The corn was tough and unappealing. Very disappointing. It's a real shame. La Esquina in NYC and its take out Corner has been in business for 7 years and still puts out a great taco and an excellent marguerita. There are all kinds of people there, lots who don't care but I feel that they get that there are enough that do and that its important to keep things on the up and up. So sadly I would say the promise of a great taco joint in TO is still unfulfilled. Please someone pick up the slack.
1_star So just now I went to your and ordered some food to go. I was at firehouse subs for my wife and decided to try you guys. Cool place looks nice. The lady behind the counter was nice to me but shouldn't be in food service. As I was waiting for my vege wrap and sweet potato fries I noticed she went into the lobby and started cleaning up tables which is awesome ,but I saw her throw away napkins with her hands and handle the broom and dust pan. I didn't see her wash her hands when she was done. She went to the hot table to put my food in a bag. Gross. She took my sweet potato fries which was a huge portion but they were soggy that were shoved in a small bag. A couple of the fries dropped on the counter and I noticed her picking up the fries and eating them. Ok well I thought the food better be good when I get home because it took forever and I was the only one waiting for food. Another employee had no problem marching out with her pizza and was talking to another cook. You barely had any customers like 2 or 3 who were already eating. So I got home the the wrap might have well been soup in a tortilla with soggy sweet potato fries. The flavor tasted like watered down black bean dip with a bunch of soggy greens. I also found a hard green stem from one of the greens that has as hard as a stick. You have no quality control over there. Im sure your easy things like pizza are fine because it's hard to screw it up. Empoyees feel comfortable to help themselves in front of customers patiently waiting for their food. I feel like if I owned the place I'd want to know what's going on. You can be the nicest person on the planet but that does't mean you should be in the food biz! So disappointing and grossed out . Based on your instagram I'd think your a great place. Nothing like your pics.
1_star We are frequent customers (both take-out and dine-in) and today ordered take-out. Three of the containers that we picked up were barely a third full- the tofu, spicy beef and hot and sour soup. When we called to ask the restaurant about their tiny portion sizes, the female manager we spoke with was super defensive and told us "that's not possible". We offered to send a photo (posted here on yelp) so the restaurant could see that our meal looked as if it had been half-eaten, but the manager refused to provide an email or phone number to which we could send an image. When we mentioned that our only recourse would be to post about our experience on yelp, she hung up on us. Disappointing customer service from a restaurant that was once one of our favourites.
2_star I want to like this place, it has so much potential. Great location, friendly staff, and the concept is spot on for the area. Unfortunately, the execution of this concept is very poor. The breakfast items I have tried all taste bland and microwaved, the eggs are gross, the ham is just thin pieces of sandwich meat, and the cheese is the orange sliced American I used to eat when I was a kid. The dinners I've had were a little better but unremarkable. It would be passably okay if the price reflected the low quality but it doesn't, it seems disproportionately expensive. I've never spent time inside the place because the decor is not inviting, it is unkempt and disheveled, I usually just take my food to go. The smoothies are probably the best thing they have but these, again, are unremarkable. Pastries are dry and bland, coffee is bitter or burnt tasting or the coffee has no flavor at all. This place needs a Chef who can make quirky stoner food with local fresh ingredients, local coffee, and maybe a beverage director to get a bar program going. It could be amazing. You can just tell that the owner either doesn't want to put any money into this business or has checked out. Or, maybe they don't know what they are doing. I live within walking distance to Buzz but my visits are sparse, I only go when I am out of options or have forgotten about the poor quality.
1_star I placed my order at 6:29pm on 10/11/2016 for a single order of Spaghetti and an order of 3 cheesy garlic bread. There were a few people behind me in line at this time. I didn't receive my order until 6:55!! 26 minutes I waited for my order!! In this time the customers who had placed their orders after me had already received them and had either left or was almost finished eating by the time my order was called out. I could maybe understand if the restaurant was super busy, but it wasn't. Not by any means. About 15-20 minutes of waiting, I walked up to the counter and asked about my order. The (cashier) asked one of the staff if they had my order ready, which he turned around and responded "waiting for the garlic toast" with sarcasm and attitude. I will not be returning to this restaurant and I recommend to others the same thing. Plus the elevated price for the quantity of food you receive is way off balance. I'll just go to Carrabbas from now if I want pasta. It's better priced, heck of a lot quicker and tastes delicious. Plus you have leftovers for the next day.
3_star Long time patron of Chef Marc and his delicious food! We've been to the new Trattoria a half dozen times since they opened and the food continues to be outstanding. The service however has been anything but outstanding! Lino (Leno) whichever, is the worst server we have ever encountered. If he has a table of 6 or more and you get seated in his section, goodluck!! He takes care of his large party and you can only hope that another server will step in and offer to take care of you or you will be without service!! This has happened on every visit to the Trattoria, although this past Saturday when it happened we were pleasantly surprised when Kenny stepped in to take care of us and did a fantastic job, and he is a new employee!! He makes Lino look like an amateur, and his personality is much more pleasant than Lino!! All future visits to the Trattoria will come with a HUGE request NOT to get Lino as our server!! He is definitely not an asset to this new location! Hopefully this will be addressed before it hurts the business!!
5_star This my second time here at Hexx. The first time I was here Traycee was our server. She is awesome, Funny and made my first visit here great I had to return. My second visit was today and Sean and Shannon were my servers. Both were very attentive and made my second visit also great. The French toast are amazing. I will return soon.
3_star I thought cowboys were supposed to be southern gentleman? Not the case, as it turns out. Perhaps this is an unfair review, I've been once, and it was on a concert night. It was VERY crowded, which I usually wouldn't have too much of a problem with, except people were rude, pushy, and mildly violent. The music was pretty good, although I only knew half the songs. The waitresses really were doing their best given the crowd, and I'm sure they would be very good if there was a smaller crowd. Admittedly, I did have a good time and will likely try this place again on a regular night.
5_star I can't deny it and even if I wanted to it wouldn't be in my nature to lie about this, but I went to Mayo to run many tests that had to be done all day and so I was starving when I stopped at their cafeteria and was blown away by all the choices offered for lunch. I ordered myself a turkey burger that day and it was quite tasty. I love the ambience and how the employees were very friendly. Also this cafeteria is huge and CLEAN.
2_star Restaurant atmosphere and setting was romantic. Had the a la carte and summerlicious menu and we were not impressed. The cod fish fritters for $21 was simply outrageously bad! Batter was falling apart and didn't taste or feel the 'cod' in the portion. The bastado lamb pasta with fennel was also uneventful - pasta was cooked well but I didn't really understand the composition of this dish. Overall I didn't feel the Tuscany at Tutti Matti.
4_star I liked it. We sat outside on the patio for lunch and had a great people watching experience. I ordered the special flatbread for the day, sausage, carmelized onions and cheese. My friend ordered the buffalo sloppy joe. Both meals were amazing we also ordered a side of fries to split. Good portions and very flavorful food all around. The only thing we would have changed was that the sloppy joe came with tator tots. And looking at the menu, they list sweet potato tots as a side. So naturally we assumed they tots would be the same but they weren't. They were just regular old tots, nothing special. Would definitely go back for lunch again. Also, the hotel decor, bar, lobby and lounge were stylish and seemed to have the potential for a good downtown hotspot if marketed correctly.
2_star Can pass on this place. The prices are outrageous! Food is adequate. Have eaten in 2 of the locations and one is no better than the other. Don't waist your time, money and diet. There are so many other places to eat and not have to "settle" for what is served.
5_star The black cod miso was absolute delicious and they have a great menu. Sushi was excellent as well as the ambiance!
5_star I have been going to Jason's Deli for years as I love the selection of food, the healthy options, and of course the free soft serve froyo! However, I had the most INCREDIBLE experience at the Jason's Deli in the Epicenter over and over this past weekend while my family was visiting Charlotte. Each and every time we went in (which was a lot, ha ha) we had excellent customer service. The workers were so genuinely friendly and helpful, you just got a great atmosphere going in there. It felt like the workers were treated well there and really liked and enjoyed their job. Gabriel, I believe is either the store manager or a manager, I am not sure. Talk about going above and beyond! He is phenomenal! If any higher ups are reading this review (and I hope you are) the entire store deserves a raise, and Gabriel deserves a promotion. I don't normally feel so compelled to write a glowing review, and I am definitely not a plant. In fact, if Gabriel is reading this, I'm sure he remembers the family from LA with the baby boy and the grandma who came in frequently and always had such a wonderful time.
2_star In short, it's alright. Has an upscale cafeteria taste. Dishes are different than the existing vegas buffets. A little newer...but not amazing. People say the desserts are amazing, but they are just ok. Upscale cafeteria...again. If you're looking for wow, you may be disappointed. It's a little different than Bellagio...but not "wow". Btw, as of 05/08/2011, Mother's Day Brunch is $40. The unusual dish they had was bone marrow.
1_star Service stinks.....We stopped in and waited for 5-10 minutes and we left as no one came over to get us a drink. They were not busy. Grrrrrrr
3_star I often heard the Banquise was one of the best Poutine places in Montreal so I had to try it ! I was honestly a bit disappointed ; not that it's not good, but maybe my expectations were to high. There are so many different poutine choices there, and most of them are so different from what a poutine usually tastes like ! I guess their reputation is mostly due to the fact that they're open 24h : late-night opinions on this kind of food tend to be quite biased. Also, it's one of those places that are reeaally crowded, due to their reputation.
1_star We had a late delivery from them dun burgers and carrot cake and the burgers over cooked and cake hard over price and was not happy with the food in any way called them back they played pass the buck for a day before finally after talking to 4 employee's then the so called manager did nothing but fight with me made threats of coming to my house and doing what?? Lol no respect no business ethics at all they give any asshloes a business ouy here in vegas the service industry """ but have the shitty service and don't care what mistakes they made!# never again will I call or use eat 24 or call sophifa s
3_star food was good...service is kind of slow... my wife had a steak and it wasn't as good as she expected. I however enjoy the sautéed broccoli. may attend again but it wouldn't be my first choice
5_star Great Italian Restaurant! Nice patio with live music in the summer, or a welcoming, romantic atmosphere inside. The food is above average and reasonably priced.
4_star Went to Mandarin buffet on Sunday I loved it the crab legs with a snow crab excellent cooked perfectly every one I ate they were large snow crab the shrimp there is unbelievable the whole place was excellent the waitresses were excellent even the guy bringing the food that was very helpful plenty of everything I go there again the sunday was the best sunday for eating I've had in awhile great desserts great main courses so much food
5_star Let me just start off by saying that this place is amazing!!!! Right when I walked in the first time I felt a good vibe. Misty was her name she greeted me with a smile and was very polite made me feel like I've known her for years. I even remembered her name usually I forget people's names. She was telling me about the specials they had and if I wanted water while I was waiting for my food. Very outgoing and friendly. This was an amazing experience I almost felt as if I was at the happiest place on earth "Disneyland" haha anyways I ordered pizza and wings I ordered two style pizzas a regular and stuffed NAPOLITIANA recommended by MIGUEL N here on Yelp. Misty said he was also a friendly gentlemen that was satisfied with the pizza. This pizza has fresh ingredients and worth every dollar. My family was visiting from out of town so I was a little worried that it wouldn't be what we expected but even my family that came from New Jersey said they couldn't believe we had pizza places that were this good it made them feel at home haha!! So if you want good pizza this is the place. I will be coming here more often. BYE BYE to all the other pizza places I've been to in AZ there is a new sheriff in town :) oh and once again thank you Misty and Miguel you guys are the real MVPs ;)
5_star I had the 10'' gyros. It was delicious, I highly recommend this place. If you are a Midwestern student you get a 10% discount
4_star My wife and I ate at Captain Bill's last night. We sat near the fire and we enjoyed the warmth and atmosphere. We had the clam chowder as a starter and it was spicy and really good. Not a typical chowder, but a very welcome surprise. For dinner, we split the seafood sampler appetizer platter which includes a crab cake, coconut shrimp and calamari. We enjoyed the coconut shrimp and crab cake very much. The calamari was a tad chewy, but still good. They have a nice drink and beer selection and the service was great. We also appreciate Captain Bill's participating in the dining for DAIS (domestic abuse shelter in Madison) last night. I recommend eating at Captain Bill's
5_star Friday night, the place was packed! It was my first time having dinner here, and we tried one of the appetizer specials, the charcuterie board. It was interesting, maybe not something I would do again, as the goat cheese and chicken liver mousse seemed like an odd combo. Dinner, however, was wonderful! My guest had the pork shoulder, and I had the pork belly. The pork belly was perfectly rendered and crispy, with cheesy grits, delicious. My guest's pork shoulder was perfectly seasoned and tender, served in an abundant amount alongside chipotle spiced beans. Definitely will go back!
4_star Tea Station is my favorite place for boba tea in Chinatown. Their prices are definitely higher than most of the competition, but they do offer a discount on all to-go drinks. And lets be real, some of the other tea houses in the area are just plain creepy. The menu is extensive (over 10 pages of tea) and the atmosphere is nice. This place is very clean- major bonus points, especially if you've frequented some of their local competition. Tea Station is always packed, especially at night since they are open late. My favs are their passion fruit green tea with boba, or the iced mixed fruit tea (although this one is super sweet). My husband likes their fruit slushes. This is a great place to get work done during the day (free wifi) or meet friends at night. It is very popular for takeout drinks, in fact I always see 5-0 popping in here for their late night boba fix. Service is reasonably friendly but definitely on the slow side, especially during busy times. I would not recommend the food (their squid balls were inedible and smelled like a mixture of hot garbage and the ocean, though perhaps they are an acquired taste!). I recommend this place based on their atmosphere, tea, and the fact that they are open late. This is definitely more of a traditional tea house than your average take-out boba shop.
2_star Food was okay, but service was the worst I've seen in a while. We came as a large group (7 ppl) for brunch. Some of my friends weren't familiar with how to order their eggs (the terms), so they asked the waitress. She said "oh boy!"... while rolling her eyes. What attitude! When we left, she was talking to another employee while pointing at us. Needless to say, she didn't get a tip.
4_star I really enjoy eating out at Lure Bistro, it's usually a treat for a birthday or such, because it's just a touch on the pricey side. We we're there last night for a friends birthday (They had not had Lure before, and she left a fan, she loved her first sushi!) and we tried the Lobster Nachos for an appetizer, and they were awesome! Fresh fried wontons, yummy guacamole, savory lobster and a delightful smokey chipotle mayo dressing that has a bit of a kick. Let's start at the beginning. Valet. Awesome. There is a beautiful summer patio that reminds me of something out of a Hollywood movie, you walk past the outdoor bar into the reception area, scan your Belly loyalty card, and are greeted by a friendly hostess, she seats you at a well dressed table and you're waiter is prompt and tactful. The menu is streamlined and easy to read, with prices clearly marked and ingredients fully disclosed. Food arrives in reasonable amounts of time, and it's always delicious. You never notice your waiter keeping your drinks full or clearing finished plates of the table, because he is a master of his profession. You're tempted with many delicious desserts and you are welcome to stay and chat even after you've finished your meal. The atmosphere is unique, it's like you're walking into somebodies home, but it's a restaurant, but I like it very much. The place is dimly lit, but I feel like it is clean. The walls are painted warm inviting colors and the decor is imaginative and playful. It's like Cirque du Soleil, with an almost unearthly beauty. The only bit of constructive criticism I can give: I wish that maki rolls were a bit bigger. 8 dollars for 6 pieces is a but much, but I don't want to sacrifice quality for quantity. I feel like part of the cost could be eaten by giving less wasabi and ginger, because I can't imagine actually eating all that is provided. Over all I think lure is the best sushi place in the area, and I recommend it to anybody who loves sushi or wants to try it for the first time, because they do it very well.
2_star I don't understand why everyone is ranting and raving about this place. I went solely because of all the fantastic reviews, but I was incredibly disappointed! Is it absolutely terrible? No. Is it the best Mexican food out there? Not even close. My first time here I ordered 2 carne asada tacos and 1 chicken taco. When I unwrapped my food, I was disappointed to see 3 puney little tacos. They look like tacos you'd order off of some sort of kids meal. Not only were these tacos small but they were dripping in grease! I love my greasy, unhealthy foods as much as the next guy, but these tacos made me feel absolutely disgusting and sick afterwards just from all the grease. It wasn't even worth it because these were the most bland tacos I've ever had. Probably one of the most bland things I've ever tasted period! I don't understand how meat can be that bland. Even unseasoned meat isn't that flavorless.. I've given this place another try because of all the good reviews. Although the food I ordered on the 2nd and 3rd time had more flavor and were a more acceptable portion size, it had even more grease. My boyfriend couldn't stomach them either. We ended up just throwing the food out..
4_star Toronto roll - Looks like a mess but loaded. - Top layer: cucumber, avocado - Middle layer: assorted pieces of sashimi - Bottom layer: tempura roll Overall: Good sushi, big portions, price is decent for the quality and quantity
5_star First time here and it was very busy but staff was great. Chips and salsa of course to start were very good with different versions of salsa. Food was auick and very good!! Im not a big mexican foodie but I could not find anything wrong with this place :-)
5_star Jumbo wet burrito is amazing. Best green chili pork sauce I've ever had. It has a little heat and big chunks of slow cooked pork. We ordered a side of the sauce to accompany the burritos and finished it with a spoon. Can't let any go to waste! We had a miscommunication with the bill and the manager cleared it up immediately. She also gave us an additional 10% off our check. Great customer service with a smile.
3_star PSA: pinapple upside pancakes sound good in theory only. After waiting 15 minutes to be seated, another 15 to get coffee, and another 20 to get food this is my review. 1. Waiting that long for breakfast on a Thursday...really? I'm disappointed in myself for this one. 2. Pancakes smothered in white sugary glaze, cinnamon butter, and pinapple pieces is just ew. 3. Coffee was OK. 4. Ordered a scrambled egg on the side. It was cold and rubbery. 5. I'll stick to plain butter and maple syrup next time. If it ain't broke don't fix it.
1_star I have gone to several locations without my physical rewards card, and the employees have printed out receipts w/a claim code for me to use at home to get the points. HOWEVER, this location had rude confused employees that have never learned how to do the same and acted as though I didn't know what I was talking about. To the owner/manager, please keep your employees up to date with how other locations function. What an absolute annoying experience!! I will not return to this location.
2_star First visit - just a beer and a free appetizer because the kitchen or bar staff messed up an order. Bar service was average, but the free appetizer was very good (pretzels w/ dips - not good just because it was free.) Second visit - dinner with my lady. Great service and average food. I had the shepherds pie. Good, but expected great for the price. Pint of Lagunitas IPA was $11..... Third visit - just about midnight and the hostess asked if I just wanted drinks. As my answer was yes, I followed the group of 4 that were just ahead of me into the bar area. The main bar was full, so I took a seat at the end of the adjacent bar, a mere 5 feet from the main bar. With a slight lean, I could have touched the shoulder of the gentlemen at the end. After waiting for about 5 minutes and repeated eye contact with the main bar bartenders, a lady came up to let me know they were closed. So I asked why the hostess showed me in... I was told they may be open at the main bar... 5ft away... But as far as she knew, they were closed. My disappointment comes from 2 directions: - big name with a reputation, I had high expectations. Didn't come close. - outspoken critic of poor restaurants is failing at this location. Might want to pay a visit to the establishment with your name on it... On the other hand - Ramsay's Burgr at Planet Hollywood is FABULOUS. We have been there 3 times and received impeccable service and food every time!
4_star Great restaurant - on the 5th floor and outside or inside are both nice depending on the experience you are looking for (inside is more formal). We ordered the halibut for two. They bring out the fish whole first to show you want you are about to eat- it is a very nice presentation. The halibut was some of the best I have ever had. Good cocktails as well. We did not order dessert. They offer a gluten free version of their famous bread.
1_star Low Quality Food with Instant Potatoes!! So I decided to check out my first BBQ joint since moving to Arizona. This place was a sad disappointment. I paid $10 plus to be fed crap on a Styrofoam plate. My Georgia pork was overly salty and no flavor. It was extremely dry and I had to dose it in sauce just to eat it. The sauce wasn't any better, tasting like sugary ketcup. Did I mention it was also barely warm. The potatoes were just add water fake crap. I mean how hard is it to cook a real fricken potato!! The gravy also tasted like it came from a jar. The coleslaw was probably the best item and it was just ok. Even the Texas toast just tasted overly of butter. On a better note the service was great. Our meal was ready by the time we filled our ice tea cups. But that's probably because everything was just sitting there for who knows how long. The place was also completely dead except for one other table. The atmosphere was nice with cool decor and it seemed really clean. However when you serve crap food on Styrofoam you will not get my return business.
1_star Don't go there. Ive been there because of groupon and they stole my money. They charge u for tip on the full price before the groupon so imagine. The full price is 100$ = 15$ tip but i had a groupon of 50% off so i would tip them 7.5$ big difference when ur a student. Plus the dancer is a douche bag on cocaine. The servers also kept serving us the last pieces of meat and ananas. Dont waste your time and money there.
1_star We were so excited that a Thirsty Lion was going to be in our neighborhood. We made a reservation for Mother's Day at 6:00. We knew going in that this was their 6th day of operations and expected some opening glitches....but didn't expect what we got. We knew that Mother's Day would be a challenge just because that is a popular day. First thing they were out of was bourbon (What?Why?How?) and the waitresses excuse was they had a busy opening week. Then the item that we came here for which is our favorite at the other locations are the Scottish Eggs, and they were out!! Ruined my Mother's Day. You couldn't go to the grocery store and buy some eggs and sausage. So my second option was Edamame. Struck out there too. She said they were out of most of the appetizers. So we opted for the pretzels and the disgusting, tasteless cheese that it came with and an order of the Calamari which was okay. From making drinks not as ordered, slow service and out of food I am only giving them one star. The reason being that I think the management screwed up. They have to know that all their other restaurants are always busy and this should have been no exception. Especially for opening week they should've had double the amount of supplies needed. I would be totally embarrassed if I was management. And I feel sorry for the waitresses that have to relay that they don't have certain items. Especially when you're known for them. I will go back to this location at a later date and I will review it again to see if it improves. If not I guess I'll be driving to Tempe.
5_star Good people, good food, good atmosphere = recipe for a great time!!!! With that said, from the sports bar to the dining area to the menu to the staff to the price, etc.....you can't go wrong!!!! I HIGHLY recommend this establishment for any occasion!
5_star You know those times when you visit a cafe or store and leave with the desire to tell everyone you meet how wonderful it is? That's how I feel about this place. They have a great warm inviting atmosphere, and it's a cozy (i.e., kind of a small space). While there is room for about three people to sit in the window area, prepare to either stand and eat, or take a box home (or eat there, AND take a box of treats home like I did...) The people working there are friendly and helpful, and when I walked in, all wide-eyed and overwhelmed with options, they gave me a run down of what they had and offered some recommendations. Bunner's was just all around fantastic from the start. And then... I ate one of the "gypsy" cookies, and I was completely sold. Oats, melty chocolate chips, dried cranberries and a few other things combined into a soft chewy cookie. I want to go back, right now, and get another one. I should probably mention that in my experience gluten free tends to secretly mean gross, and I have been known to occasionally thank my body for not having celiac disease. So what I'm saying when I say this place is good, is that it's not just gluten-free good. It's actually good. When I went in today there were cupcakes (three different kinds: vanilla, chocolate and red velvet), DONUTS, amazingly yummy cookies (gypsy cookie), freshly baked loaves of bread (which I'm kicking myself for not trying), muffins, and cookie sandwiches! What I'm going to hope for is that every coffee shop in town starts using them as their source for vegan (and/or gluten free) treats. While they have decent enough coffee (and Silk Soy creamer is available), I sure wouldn't mind having one of their cookies or muffins with a nice soy latte. (Of course... Crema Coffee is just across the street...)
2_star I am always up for new places to eat. Unfortunately this was not my best experience. The flavor was pretty good, but instead of chicken (which was on the menu) the meat tasted like turkey. (Big difference) Which set the whole dish off completely. We asked to speak to the manager and sat there for 15 mins, so we asked for our check and that took about 10 minutes to receive. When we went to pay that also took way too long especially since there was no one ahead of us. I am afraid I will not recommended this place to any of my friends or my family.
1_star I have no idea why this restaurant won so many awards. It was a huge disappointment. Everything we ate was good, but nothing exceptional. And certainly nothing worth the price we paid. We tried the fois gras, blue cheese souffle, ceasar salad, rib-eye, pork loin (you get 2 slices of pork, but 1 was undercooked, the other was over-cooked). I have a sweet tooth, so I was hoping maybe at least the dessert would be good, but no, it was the worst part of the meal. I got the smores, and there was way too much marshmallow cream before I could even get to the chocolate. And I don't know what they did to that chocolate, but it wasn't sweet enough. Overall, I would not recommend this restaurant. For the prices they charge, save your money & go eat somewhere else.
3_star Don't let my 3-star fool you, it's a very decent restaurant with great flavors. My only gripe is that they've watered down a lot of the menu to suit western palettes - so I can't recommend this place to my hard-core Vietnamese friends who are expecting things like herbs (various mints and basils) with their dishes. I do really like their egg rolls, bun thit nuong and pho - in general very fresh and good flavors - but on the higher priced side especially if you travel to big Vietnamese cities throughout the US and are expecting slightly lower prices for various entrees. An ok Vietnamese restaurant for the Cleveland area, just wished they still had real Vietnamese herbs/condiments for the dishes - or created dishes like I know the cook is probably eating at home with her Vietnamese family.
2_star My few experiences at this company's bagel place has been bad, the only reason I like it is because their breakfast choices. I highly recommend Brueggers Bagels, love the Rio Grande Turkey sausage wrap. I had salmon bagel and it was a little soggy.
4_star I saw them on FoodTV and realized that they are right down the street from us (by Safeway at 48th and Elliot). Decided I had to give them a shot and wow - great food! Our favorite take-out for a pool party. Only complaint is that the service is a little slower than we would like.
1_star Thank God I live in California! Home of REAL Mexican food!. I read all the mixed reviews about this place before we went there--so we knew it was risky--even though Los Olivos was recommended by our hotel Concierge and hotel shuttle driver... I should tell you that I am a professional chef--although that may mean that my standards and expectations are high--they are, BUT I look for the basics just like everyone else: ingredients,taste, presentation, service, ambience, etc. Ambience=FAIL it was dirty. Computer ethernet and other cabling crawling all over the place and detracting from the what should have been overall charm of the place. Too much unnecessary clutter. The place is old and funky , but you can maximize on that and (with a little thought and planning) use it to an advantage, and make the place a landmark--they dropped the ball on that one.= FAIL What's with the chips??? instead of small dipping bowls with BOTH a (fresh) green and red salsa we were given thin stale chips (cold) and small carafes of (canned) pico de gallo to be poured on top of the chips? = FAIL. When I try a "new" Mexican restaurant for the first time I usually order a "barometer" plate that should be indicative of the way the rest of the menu dishes are prepared. In this case: Chile Verde. I ordered a chile verde burrito that came with a small side salad, and rice, and beans (arroz y frijoles). Our server cautioned us that the plates were super hot--this is good, and thye were probably put under a broiler or salamander for a few minutes prior to takeout. BUT we were dissapointed: The medium-size diced pieces of pork were dark gray in color, dry and chewy=FAIL they should be bigger in size and chunkier, moist and juicy with lots of salsa verde. The flour tortilla was dry, tough=FAIL Cheese: Cheddar NOT Monterey Jack (this is a big no-no) cold and thick not hot and oozy=FAIL Rice: cold, crunchy, and dry = FAIL should be hot, fluffy, and moist. Beans: warm with no texture=FAIL they should look like beans or refried beans hot, and have good taste and texture. The small side salad on the same plate had no dressing whatsoever (hey c'mon add/spoon a tablespoon of bottled Italian dressing -anything, jeezus!) and only one black olive for garnish=FAIL. The Victoria beer I ordered (the "waitress" was not sure they carried it) was not ice cold. I sampled all the items on the plate, but ultimately passed on the Chile Verde=FAIL By the time our shuttle driver dropped us off at the hotel I wasn't feeling that well, and I think I know why. **Next time you are near Salinas, CA where I live, go to Rosita's (/row/zee/tahz/). Then you will know what I am talking about. Buen Provecho! Glenn
4_star We went to Cut on Saturday night with a large group of people. The service was outstanding...waiters and other staff who truly want you to have a fantastic experience. Everyone is trained well and working hard. The steaks were good, but not great. If you have ever tasted real Wagyu beef in Japan, you will see that Cut steaks are not remotely similar. However, they are good (just incredibly overpriced). That being the case, the other items on the menu were excellent. Great bread, especially the pretzel (house made) and the creamed spinach was the best ever. If I went again I would order a cheaper cut of beef or simply skip the beef and order a whole bunch of appetizers with wine.
3_star This place is a hit and miss. Sometimes you get good service sometimes u don't, sometimes you get good food sometimes you won't. The best items on the menu are the wings and nachos. Forget the martinis, they are all watered down unless you JACK IT UP!
5_star A colleague and I decided to try this Thai restaurant for lunch as the price was right ($5.95) and it included a free drink (I love the Thai iced tea and the lemonade). The dishes are very good. I especially like the yellow curry. The flavor is reminiscent of the Thai food I would eat during a 3 year stay in Malaysia. Thai Paradise offers the lunch specials with the standard chicken, pork, beef and shrimp (add $1). They are one of the few Thai restaurants that also offer a seafood option (add $2), which I really enjoy from time to time. They also know the meaning of Thai HOT. Most Thai restaurants I frequent do medium to hot after requesting Thai HOT. I have tried just about all of the lunch offerings. I love the curries. The Pad See-ew is also excellent. The Satay is great. Spicy Basil is good. The only lunch item that I wouldn't order again is the Garlic. It is really just a broth with meat in it ... kind of a spicy soup. I think it needs some vegetables. Eggplant would be nice. I need to go for dinner so I can try some of their other curry dishes. The owners are exceptionally nice and gracious. They are very attentive to all of the customers. I go there at least once/week. The food is always fresh (they personally go to the grocery store each day) and the quality is very consistent. I highly recommend Thai Paradise. (EDIT) Since my review, Thai Paradise has changed the Garlic dish. They have changed it to a dry curry. This has now become one of my favorite dishes. The owners at TP aim to please!
4_star This is great casual wine bar to have a drink and the food is very good as well!!nThey have outdoor patio area which is nice in cooler weather. The prices are very good here and great for a date night or meeting friends! Its in Old town Scottsdale area which we love. They have couch and chairs to sit in as well inside.
1_star The food here was okay but the service was poor at best. While sitting trying to eat on a windy day I had to get up 4 times to close the door because it was so cold and the staff was oblivious to it. When I pointed out that I had interrupted my meal 4x to close the door and would they please watch for the door they acted as if I was putting them out. A customer walked into the restaurant with a small dog in her arms - we asked the pet policy and the server said people can eat on the patio with a dog. We told him the customer was in the restaurant sitting with a dog and he said "ok... Do you want to go talk with her?" Once again put out by us asking him to do his job. I will never return.
2_star We usually love this place for cheap Chinese food, but we're pretty frustrated that they changed their hours and are no longer open on Sundays (seems like this would be a big day for delivery customers). Worst was that they didn't bother to change hours on their website or Yelp, so after spending time looking at the menu we called to get directed to an automated message.
4_star Loved it...the red beans n rice was so authentic its a must try if you can. I liked the crawfish but wished it was boiled and not fried. The shimp was fried but huge and big enought for one person. Next time I will do the one meat combo instead of two meat. Note too that the french fries are seasoned curly steak fries.
5_star Fabulous food. The mozzarella as you might expect was excellent with our appetizer of tomatoes, pesto, basil and rustic bread. The basic tomato, basil and buffalo mozzarella was perfect.
2_star I probably will not go back to Snooze due to the deafening noise. We could not gear our own conversation. There was no music it was just the building design. I did not care for the flavor of the hash brown potatoes. Poached eggs were fine. Asked for crisp bacon, was severed to me almost raw, they took bacon back and brought crispy bacon back.
4_star A very trendy and cool place to come with friends or with a date. Pros: amazing selection of oysters. We love oysters and I'll honestly say these are extremely high quality and tasty. We tried all of the oysters that were available. I'll definitely try the crab claws and shrimp from the raw bar next visit. Coffee and pistachio gelato were great. Good selection of cocktails, wines, and bubbles. We have the Vouvrey brut and it was pretty good. Ambience is great - awesome decor and interior and lighting. I personally like the fact that it is very dark inside - gives it more of a mysterious and romantic vibe. Cons: the main dishes we tried were good but not great. We had the Brussels sprouts (pretty good with the goat cheese dip), the trout which was so-so, the crab cakes were ok (not worth the price), and the scallops were a little bit too charred so the burnt flavor took over. Inside is very loud, especially toward the bar, so you have to speak loudly to hear anyone in your group. I am not a fan of this, but what can you expect when the restaurant is packed? Overall a good place and we will definitely return for the raw bar items which were amazing.
5_star I've been to this place many times as I work nearby but that is not the reason why I go there. Guess what, the food is great even though it is expensive. The staff are super nice and they made sure that they get you seated right away. The location is very convenient as it is located in the heart of Yorkville. I've been to different Chinese restaurant but nothing compares to Dynasty. I will definitely keep coming back to this place. Folks check this out and you will never be disappointed.
2_star I have been to the Carolina's Original Location many times and always enjoy but sadly this location does not boast the same consistency. I ordered a combination taco tostada and enchilada with rice and beans. What a mess was served, a tostada with beans on one edge covered with wilted lettuce and the cheese missed the top and ended on the rice. The enchilada was simmilar with only 1/2 with cheese and sauce strewn across the foam container. To complete the disaster the taco was broken in three sections and covered with lettuce to hide the mess. It might have been a one time mistake or a new cook and I will try again as I always enjoyed the original location and like this location.
1_star whitlock's restaurant, they should be ashamed for holding title of this name. I just got back from dinner and can not believe what I just ate. Any food that involved preparation was NOT done as it should of been it was absolutely disgusting and I do NOT RECOMMEND eating here.
4_star I have found it tough to find a delicious breakfast in these parts that is not some chain like Denny's or IHOP. Well, the breakfast at this place definitely passed my scrutiny. I ordered an omelette and it was absolutely scrumptious. And their menu had quite a selection. And I felt like I was living in a bustling, major city... which, after living in NYC and Philly, felt just like home to me! I would definitely go back. Though, I do have two complaints. The wait is a bit long, but I thought it was worth it. And the second is that our waitress was rude. She kept on giving us snide looks when we didn't order right away (my girlfriend and I were catching up) and even didn't give us more water at the end of our meal to make sure we left in a speedy manner. So, if you are looking to eat a leisurely brunch, you might want to consider another place. But, sincerely, I would recommend the food here.
2_star Ok so I arrived with my two children to treat them to a night out. We waited 10 minutes (maybe one or two longer) to be seated. I was ignored by the front staff. Now my children and I were seated in the waiting area and then this older couple comes in. The waitress comes up to get them seated, sees me, so I'm assuming she will seat them then come back to seat us...oh no. A couple of guys walk in so I asked if I had to stand to be seated they said no. Then a new waitress, Carol, is asked by the two men to let us be seated before them. She takes our order and then comes back pretty promptly with our food. Well I ordered an appetizer but whatever, our dinner was already there so I can over look one part of the meal forgotten. the food was great! She even gave my daughter goldfish crackers, they didn't come with her meal. Also she gave my children some to take home. She wasn't very warm. she seemed like she wanted us out of there and I felt that more when instead of asking us if we wanted desert or anything else, she brought the bill. My son had been looking forward to having a dessert there he had already picked it out. So if you really want us gone fine, we'll take our business elsewhere...I also had to flag down another waiter to get a to go box, not that uncommon but I waited a good amount of time to try and get her attention. Now that guy was FRIENDLY, face full of smiles and looked at me with kindness instead of the hurry up looks I was getting. Only one other staff member looked at me, none of the rest really would except Carol but she was our waitress. They all had shifty eyes and seemed uncomfortable. So all in all great food, major props to the cooks and the male waiter who smiled at me. the rest need to go to customer service school again...I have worked in food and that is NOT how a customer is to be treated...
5_star The service & food is always phenomenal. Thank you so much! I love coming here with my friends for a good meal.
5_star My husband and I love this place. Not only is the pizza delicious, the pasta bolognese is perfection. The mozzarella bar is something we order every time we frequent too. We haven't gone wrong with anything we've ordered yet. The staff is smiley and helpful. Since moving out of the neighborhood, we still make it here at least once a month.
2_star I ordered chicken fingers, bacon cheese fries & a oreo cookie shake. The delivery took 1 hr & 45 minutes. The food was cold & the fingers were over cooked. The shake was described as a custard ice cream shake but it tasted like crushed ice-milk with that consistency too. If thats a custard milkshake, which I have eaten, then im a blonde lol... On the plus side was that they put a lot of bacon on the bacon cheese fries. But, thats about it. Needless to say, im never ordering from this place again.
2_star The service was good, our server made our kids balloons animals, the food....well thank goodness for the pho station cause that was the best part. Everything is simple Chinese honestly bland flavor, idk why some rate it so high but panda express would been better for myself. Now we did go in 1 1/2 hour before closing so i know the food wasnt rotated but even if they did i still stick to my taste
3_star Awesome building, extremely poor service. Kind of cancel each other out. Would go again and put up with the bad service.
1_star I was so looking forward to this place. Every time I ate at one the food has been so yummy! Not here... food was barely warm. The gravy for the biscuits tasted like flour. My boyfriends blueberry pancakes were doughy in the middle. They need to get it together if they want to save their reputation.
2_star First time I went in I was disappointed by the service we received which was back in January. It was actually surprising how rude our waitress was, but it was a busy Friday night so I shrugged it off as a bad evening and not necessarily a bad employee. But returning yesterday, the service was poor in a different way. We were basically ignored for our whole visit except when we got our food (which was pretty speedy so no complaints there). But because it was not busy it was a little frustrating that we had to wait 40 minutes for our check. The waitress was friendly enough, but never checked on us, checked on our waters, or brought us our check until we asked. Probably won't be back again.
4_star Best : Spicy broth with Pork shoulder. I've tried the traditonal broth...a little bland for my liking. Heed the warnings on busy periods...the wait can be long. All in all a great, fun place to eat.
4_star Great environment and delicious food. It's not a place you come to in order to get stuffed, the portions are well sized. The food is delicious and flavourful. Try anything on the menu and you'll be impressed. The service was excellent!
4_star Nice food. Mainly chicken wings and some veggies on the side. Good ambience to watch some sports while you're enjoying the flash fried wings....
5_star Yummy! Go here. We liked the steamed dumplings over the fried, but all were really good. The tomato and egg one was surprisingly delicious.
2_star The steaks once received were for the most part great if the waitress was listening on the order. In our group of seven she apparently checked out on three of the orders. Outside of that if you have either a flare gun or road side flares then use them as that apparently is the only way to get service from the wait staff. One of our group did snag an employee passing by and asked if we could have our sides served to stave of delirium from hunger due to the pro-longed delay. No dice... Instead we got a kid in a suit advising us to not to "fill up on bread..." As our waitress shouted problems at him that we had brought up earlier. Steaks = great Experience = bad Wait staff = terrible Management = Pretentious... & covering for deficiencies!
1_star I just returned, having used a gift certificate issued by the restaurant because my experience last time was so bad. The service is horrible. Instead of having areas, they seem to assign wait-staff all over the restaurant, so you can have a waiter in charge of tables at opposite ends of the restaurant. Last time, the issue was in large part because they were so under-staffed. This evening they had proper staffing but still couldn't manage. Everything is just one beat off from the rhythm that would make this a good restaurant. The food is just okay. Honestly, I'd rather go to Brennan's Colony down the street for more attentive service and good food -- maybe not the wine selection but a better overall experience. You'll see by reading my other reviews, that I'm pretty generous with the stars -- it tell s you something that I feel one star in this instance is just.
1_star My parents dragged me here for lunch after our trip to Ikea. I really hate buffets so I didn't expect much at all. And I was right. This place was terrible. The majority of the food here is defrosted. I don't get why anyone would want to eat here. For $13 per person, you can order about 2 dishes for a lunch special at a much better and cleaner Chinese restaurant that's not a buffet.
5_star OMG!!! Maine Lobster Salad, Pan Seared U-10 Day Boat Scallop, Roasted Tournedo Loin of Colorado Lamb and Pineapple Tart. Simply delicious!!!!! Honestly, I have to rethink how I give out my 5 star restaurant ratings because by far this food is in another category. You would have to travel to France for better French food. The view of the Bellgaio Fountains and the Picasso's on the wall is icing on the cake! Truly one of my favorite restaurants in Vegas as it's always such a lovely dining experience.
2_star The food was good. the prices were high. We ate the rissotto with truffles, osso buco, lasagna, ravioli, caprese salad, and semi freddo to name a few. Having said that, the service was horrific. It took a long time for the waiter to come over. It took him a long time to come back. The wine steward came over as soon as we sat down but before we had decided if we wanted to have wine or not - she never returned. There was no bread at the table or water in our water glasses until we asked. When we ordered our food they didn't ask everybody if they would like a drink and almost left before we said wait, because we hadn't had anyone come by for drink orders before. They switched wait staff on us a few times. While eating, a hand would routinely come over my shoulder and clear some of the table in front of me. They asked one person if they wanted coffee after dinner, that person said no and the waiter left the table instead of asking other people. The waiter disappeared for about a half hour after dessert. We couldn't get our check. We asked another waiter to send ours over. We watched him tell our waiter to come over. We watched our waiter ignore it. We had to ask the hostess to get the waiter. Finally the check came and the waiter, who liked to sprinkle Italian words into his English, addressed us as "ragazzi" or "boys." I'm not old, but, I'm not a boy either. For a tab that was about $500 we deserved much better.
5_star My 87 yr old mother and I love the Philly Cheese Steak! Comfortable, casual and friendly. We'll be back; however, the restaurant is not very wheelchair friendly.
2_star Tried this place for restaurant week....not impressed. Had a larger party of about 12. Waiter tried to upsell to chefs choice menu and told us the rest. week option wasn't going to be that good. Honestly he was right.....the Brussels sprouts were horrific. Burnt, bitter and not edible. Changed to the salad which was good with ginger dressing. About an hour after our apps we were served our dinners....all but one of my gfs. We all were about finished with our dinners when she finally got hers. To say the least, service was ok. Food was a huge let down. Too expensive and so many places to eat in Charlotte to have such mediocre food.
3_star I had coffee and Really Big Breakfast. Coffee was great! Very hot and strong. Breakfast was good. Really enjoyed the thick toast and (I think) homemade sausage patties. Wife had the blueberry French toast. She thought it tasted good but was a little too mushy. Service was a bit slow based on number of customers but our waitress was very friendly. Overall good experience.
3_star Three and a half stars. Came here for dim sum based on the Yelp reviews. Dim sum here is ok. Gave the extra half stars as the service is quick and attentive and washrooms here are actually clean - rare bonuses for Chinese restaurants :-) Ordered about 7 dishes and the bill came just over $40 -a little more expensive given the quality of food was just ok. The fried turnip cake was not pan fried long enough resulting in a soggy texture -3/5. The shrimp dumpling (har gow) was good but I've had better 3.5/5. We ordered 2 soup dumplings (price was XL) which unfortunately did not have much taste - 2/5. The pork dumplings (siu mi) were ok 3.5/5. Spring rolls were good and actually had whole pieces of shrimp - 4/5. Best dish was the rice rolls with shrimp (har cheung fun) 5/5. Will return if I'm in the neighbourhood, but there are so many dim sum restaurants in the Scarborough/Markham area that I would like to explore further. Worth a try for those who live close by.
5_star Really nice service and a good place to sit with friends and char for hours (which is what we did). I had a delicious rainbow trout entree with a super pineapple salsa and creamy mashed potatoes. Sooo good!
1_star I love La Bocca, but the management has changed for the worse in my opinion. I adore the same wait staff, they are so attentive, and friendly. I usually go during the lunch hour, but I don't like that the manager is now the host and we can't seat ourselves. I have introduced myself to the manager, but every time I go ( and I go at least three times a week) he doesn't seem to remember who I am.
2_star Eh! Just ok. The staff were nice and attentive, however I would like to see a more diversified wait staff. Came for lunch at noon.
3_star Went on a Monday night and it was half full only, which was nice as I heard there are usually line ups. We sat at the bar where we saw all the food being made by a couple of guys who didn't look very happy lol. Everyone who reviewed the restaurant had the momofuku ramen and the pork buns, so I ordered those and the mushroom dan dan. Upon looking at the prices, I was actually a little shocked at how pricey they were. Coming from Van where I tried a lot of ramen, I thought this better be delicious! Pork buns - This dish came really fast and it was good, but not amazing. Brisket was very soft, and probably best tasting dish of the night. 4/5 Momofuku ramen - Was only ok as I had way better broth and noodles before for less $. For the small portions and taste, not worth it. The 3 small slices of pork in it was pretty good though. 3/5 Mushroom dan dan - I actually liked this dish quite a bit when I started eating it. The sauce was pretty good until you're half way through the noodles because all of the sauce was sinking to the bottom and it got REALLY salty. 3.5/5 Everything plus tip came to $50 and both of us weren't exactly stuffed. It was a good experience, but will probably not come back.
2_star So torn. I love their food. We wanted a polish boy. Yelp says open until 1:30, it is 10:26 pm and drive thru dude says they're closed. What? If you're normal and visit during normal hours, I gave hsw 5 plus stars. But consistence is nice too.
2_star While traveling to Vegas, we decided to take a stroll into Red 8. My sister and I remembered this place was featured on Rachael Ray sometime ago. The decor was stunning, but hey, this was Vegas. The food was just mediocre. I ordered some dumplings and chicken satay. I have had better. I remember my sister ordered some watermelon juice that she kept raving about, so it must have been some good juice! The service was nothing exceptional, we had a bit of a wait to be seated, but that's normal on a Saturday night. It was a nice try, but definitely NOT worth the money,
3_star I ordered the Bristo shrimp pasta tonight and a fresh lemonade. The pasta and the sauce was on-point, but I was disappointed to find most of my shrimp was burnt black. The waiter was kind enough, when he noticed me picking out the shrimp to get me new shrimp... However at this point I was already done eating and boxing up my left-overs. The fresh lemonade was very sweet-- fair warning if you are hoping for tart lemonade. Overall, the service was great and the atmosphere is always nice; it just depends what you decide to order from the extensive menu if you will really enjoy the while experience. BUT- I am disowning The Cheesecake Factory yet... I have had some really great meals with them. ( Like the beet & goat cheese salad and their non-alcoholic piña colada) B
5_star Definitely a recommended place to go, food is amazing, and the service is perfect. I'll be back here very soon.
3_star This place reminds me of some of the locations in Miami called Pollo Tropical however if food was very refreshing cooked well and tasted great the only reason I gave it three stars is because the service was ferocious my wife's order was wrong twice I had to argue with cashier because they charged me for one meal and gave her a different one my only reason for the review is to let the owner know got to get the service together man and you'll have it all made
1_star The food is great that is the only reason for my 1 star However to the POS manager DON YOU HAVE SOME NERVE!! 1st off hire more staffing if you know that you are hurting with the wait time and service. (Common sense) We waited 20 mins to be seated not bad but then 45 mins to an hour more just to get our food!!! You were arrogant and rude you yelled at your poor waitress who was trying so desperately to accommodate to her full area. Everyone was upset! You them tell me nd other customers that our meal would be comped which it wasnt. Now the thing that truly upset me was our poor waitress was so upset she was crying. She was apologizing for the service since the other waitresses were grabbing her food and she couldn't provide the service she wanted....never ever put down your staff in front of clients!!! Horrible service not because of the waitress but because of management!!!! Fire DON hire someone that knows what he is doing, maybe then he can stop comping out meals!!!!!! And make it enjoyable!!!
1_star My girlfriend and I were walking around Planet Hollywood and came across this eatery. The hostess was dis-interested and didnt tell us who our server was going to be. Our server did not introduce herself and instead of saying hello the first thing she asked was what we wanted to drink. Not if we had questions or a simple hello and welcome. I couldn't believe but our server had a shirt that said "pink" or "juicy" on the back of it, how un-professional was that?!! Did not feel like a restaurant at that point. We did not get a managers visit throughout our entire stay and we could see him chatting with staff. I asked my burger Med Rare and it came med well to well. Not to mention it tasted like it was frozen. I had asked for rice as a side and got fries. The place looks like your eating in a lobby as well very weird feel. There is no music at all. Our server dropped our check assuming we wanted it and never asked how it tasted until we had told her that it tasted like frozen meat. My girlfriend had the marg. pizza and it was bland with no flavor. Also, they cover up the tables with a piece of paper as if your supposed to draw on it like maccaroni grille. If you are trying to save on linen costs don't put linen on your tables because then you make it seem like you want your guest to eat at a kids table with paper on it. I feel sorry for a place that could have so much potential. I hope in a month or so as I maybe visit it again management reads this and changes.
3_star I have only been here a few times. Generally good food. The Hainan chicken is the best dish I have had so far. The dipping sauce for it is quite good. Watch out for your breath after though! GARLIC! Staff is OK. Generally rushed which is ok but sometimes rude. Otherwise a decent place to eat.
1_star Total Rip Off. Ordered Cheese Tortellini and Mac and Cheese. Not sure how someone can get that wrong. Absolute waste of 25 bucks. the cheese sauce in the mac and cheese had coagulated to almost dry. The tortellini had not cooked through and was almost raw with zero salt. The manager said they expected us to salt it ourselves. Wow. Then he hung up. It wasn't a sorry it was not to your expectation. He never asked what he could do to make it right. It was a non apology .. I am sorry you feel that way. I didn't need him apologizing for how I feel. He then hung up on me. What a jerk!
4_star Familia is in a strip mall on Durango and delivers to the surrounding area super fast. Good service & they always get your order right. Love their garlic knots, greek salad, and pizzas (cheese w/ ricotta & basil is our standby). They also have calzones and stromboli. Good cannolis- thick cream with cinnamon and chocolate chips, filled to order in their homemade shells. Spumoni ice cream for sale by the tub. Way better than Marcos or some of the other chains in the vicinity!
3_star Remember when it is near coal re-stoke time make sure the server does not fail to get your pizza order despite ordering on time. This just happened yesterday. No pizza but had a nice salad.
1_star We went for brunch and it was pretty bad. All four of us ordered something different and none of us liked our meal. Not sure if they're trying to be too trendy with the brunch crowd, but perhaps this place should stick to bruschetta and wine.
5_star Sad that I moved away from this place but always stop in when I'm in the area. I got a breakfast sandwich and a raspberry cream cheese one.
2_star If it were only about the food, I'd give this place a 4. Upfront, the food was great, albeit on the very expensive side. However, the service was horrific enough that all I remember from dining there is that the food was good, but overshadowing all of it was the terrible, terrible service. We had to not only ask our server for everything, but to ask the waitstaff to FIND our server. From the menu to the checks to water, we spent ten minutes in vain trying to find our server and then waiting ten minutes once we actually found him to get our menu/water/check/etc. This was incredibly annoying. But the biggest irk of the evening was the management.. Clearly they favor the Vegas regulars as well they should since they're regulars and repeat customers. However, walking the dining room for the entire two hours and stopping at every table EXCEPT ours (even for a hello good evening) and not even making eye contact is just rude. Were we not supposed to notice that every table except ours got gladhanded? Or the fact that the tables that arrived after us got service first, food first, and left before we even got our entrees? For the $300+ we spent there, I'm more than happy to spend that money elsewhere. Vegas isn't exactly lacking expensive high quality restaurants. Give this place a pass if you're not into getting treated like a fourth-class citizen.
5_star Bentos are sooooo good! The sauce's are amazing, ask for spicy sauce and mustard sauce Kevin is awesome, and so friendly! Definitely will come back again! Love this place!
5_star This Junction gem has a lot going for it: - Great local brews on tap - Charming and very tastefully decorated a narrow space It's called Hole in the Wall for a reason - Bartenders with great personalities and mixology skills. - Nightly delicious specials (try the fried chicken or the hangar steak) - The Cuban sandwich. - Live music! And, most importantly: - Key lime pie - Key lime pie - Key lime pie
3_star This is the kind of place you come only for their specialty. I ordered a small dark chocolate mousse and it was OK - the kind you could simply purchase for less than half of the price at the supermarket. Service was prompt and good. I would come back to try the crepes which looked amazing.
2_star I thought the food was rather average quality, actually. Our server was inattentive at times, and kept forgetting things we asked for. Maybe was there on an off-night--lots of other good reviews.
1_star My food was great, as it has been at all First Watch Restaurants. Highly Recommend! The service at this location is absolutely HORRIBLE! I will never go back here. It was as if the management purposefully did not train the staff on customer service and as I received poor service I watched the staff sit all together and each their shift meal while I waited to pay my bill. I will most definitely go and eat at other locations but NEVER AGAIN at this location.
3_star Cheerful place and friendly staff! Good breakfast spot. We had chorizo burro and huevos rancheros; they were solid presentations. Not really fair as we've been eating killer Mexican in Ensenada, Mexico recently. Hope to come back for lunch soon!
1_star Worst "asian" fusion place there pad Thai isn't even pad Thai... It taste nothing like the real deal. Thought it would be cool to try a small portion but worst decision I've made in my life.
2_star Absolutely not worth it. First- the service was inexcusable. The food was mediocre at best, and for the price we left extremely disappointed. I am fairly sure that another table just got up and left in the middle of dinner. I was really surprised at both the service and the food because it looks like a nice place and it is expensive. I will never eat here again and I am super irritated that I wasted $80 on a crappy meal and crappy service. I wish I could un-eat the meal.
3_star I was craving KFC recently and I dropped by here after work. To beat the rush and you can get better service. It has a good vibe and we beat the rush since it can be busy. After 8. It is popular for drinking also I got the orginal version and love the crispy skin. Just the other yelper it is a pub that serves good chicken. And should not be thought of a chicken place that serves beer. If you want good kfc chicken I go to galleria super market, I call in advance and eat it there. It is not that cheaper consider ing it is a 24 hour super market. Set you back $24
1_star Waited almost 2 hours for a seat. The manager was rude when we told him we needed a spot for our friends baby stroller/baby when this was originally requested when we put our reservation in. My wife had ordered the Shrimp Mac n Cheese and it was WAY too cheesy and tasted horrible. Our other friend ordered the biscuits and gravy but the biscuit was rock hard. Compile all that with the music so loud that you can barely hear your friends talk and it made for quite an unpleasant night out for dinner. Based on all the other reviews/complaints about this manager I'm shocked that the owners of this place haven't done something already. Save your money and go to Liberty Market, Zinburger, Postinos, Joyride or Joe's BBQ instead.
2_star I think the pizza is below average, but my husband thinks it's "ok." The cheese is rubbery and the pepperoni is way too salty. The service was awful the last time we ordered so we'll be looking for a new pizza place.
2_star The decor and atmosphere are the best part of this place. The chicken was dry and tough, the salsa was way too hot for anyone in my party of five (three of us really like some heat). Overall, the food was greasy, mediocre and overpriced. I won't be returning.
4_star I am so glad a friend kept bugging me about needing to try La Mestiza. "It's so close to where you live," she said, "and they have great margaritas." Well, now that I have tasted La Mestiza, it might become a problem for me. It is so good! First of all, the place is so cute. Tissue paper banners across the ceiling. Art from local artists on the walls. And the servers are wonderful! Attentive, but not in-your-face, friendly, and informative. The food is delicious. It feels way more authentic than a lot of Mexican restaurants in the are: not over seasoned and made with fresh ingredients. The Chicken Enchiladas Rojas were so delicious, and a nice portion size. Enough I feel satisfied, but not stuffed. I also got to sample some of the pumpkin seed sauce. Yum! Nice, strong, simple margaritas... Not made from a mix! We will definitely be going back!
4_star I always have great food as well as great service here! Practically everything on the menu is delicious. I love the orange peel chicken, lobster garlic noodles, creme Brule, mojitos, and so much more.
5_star Tried out this new location, and wow! Amazing. I will be back for sure! Everyone is so friendly and service is spot on. Our meal was delicious and the music was great. Can't wait to try more things on the menu! This place is a winner!
5_star Great subs, bottom line. Fresh bread, a large variety of choices, hot or cold. Yum, yum, yum.
1_star The boneless curry goat is bland and tasteless, it taste like it was cooked with boiling water. The portions are small in comparison to Ritz, then I realized they used a smaller container than other shops! I will go for the curry goat at Ritz next time. Reviewed during: Mon - Fri Lunch time Service Speed: 3.5 / 5 Cooking speed: N/A (pre-cooked) Food Quality: 1 / 5 Food Quantity: 1 / 5 Price: 1 / 5 Cleanness: 2 / 5 Repeat: NO
1_star Whaaaaaaat a disappointment. Maybe it's my fault. I dont know why I expected a good taco from a place that calls itself "Silly Taco." Silly me. The meat in the steak taco felt like it had been cooking for four days. DRYYYYY! It tasted like nothing. No, that's a lie. It tasted like salad. There was a pound of lettuce and tomatoes on top of my steak taco. Who the eff puts salad on a taco? The beans on my bean and rice taco were DRYYYYY and tasted like windex or something. The rice was nothing more than Uncle Ben boil in a bag white rice.....no cilantro/lime no cumin/tomato. No salt even? Geez. I asked for soft corn tortillas, because what self-respecting taco-eater eats anything else? I picked up my taco and the shell split down the center and my pound 'o salad fell out into my dish. Duh. I guess I had to ask for WARM corn tortillas. Who makes tacos, calls themselves "tacos" and does not know how to properly assemble a taco? Taco Tontos. That's who. Salsa verde and some other sauce I got were alright (must have been pretty great if I can't remember what it was!), and the waitress was very nice. Bottom line: this place SUUUUUUUUUCKS.
2_star I ordered the flat iron steak, poblano peppers and mixed paella. The first two items were pretty good. The paella was just ok. I am a huge paella fan and this was probably the worst paella I have had. Having said that, it still wasnt a horrible meal. My biggest complaint was the "chorizo" they put in the paella. I dunno what it was but it was not chorizo. Seemed more like a ball park frank to me. The service was ok, but the waiter through a bit of a hissy fit when the bill was charged to the room. Dont know why, he still got tipped out. All in all, this place was ok. It has the potential to be a fun place, but just like everything else at Aria there is no energy to the restaurant. This retaurant and Aria have so much potential but they just arent there yet.
3_star I first went here with my boyfriend because he kept raving about how good it was. Him being a chef I knew it would be amazing and it was. Well I decided to take some family who happened to be visiting a few months later. I was so excited for them to try the food because it really is the best bbq I have ever had, but because it is a casino with no hotel attached kids are not even allowed to be in the restaurant! We were basically pushed out of there by security and I was very disappointed. I understand it's Vegas, but I live here and all we wanted to do was eat some delicious bbq and we couldn't.
2_star I want to like this place, I really do, but it always disappoints me. It's just not a reasonable facsimile of a Philly Cheesesteak. I ordered a "whiz wit" (cheese whiz and onions in the Philly parlance) not thinking I wasn't at Geno's or Pat's in South Philly and was met with a blank stare by the cashier who had to go ask what that was. I'm not going to fault him for asking that, but even after a co-worker's explanation and me repeating I wanted onions, I did not get onions on my sandwich. I ordered takeout and realized this back at work, so I wasn't able to get this corrected, and the rest of the sandwich didn't do anything to make up for the lack of onions. I will say that the bread, alleged to be the venerable Amoroso's from Philly, is fantastic. But, the rest of the sandwich falls way short. I've noticed on every visit that the cheese sauce is very, very, very watery and flavorless. On this visit, however, it occurred to me that the meat was the most disappointing part. It was spongy and quite frankly tasted extremely processed. I've had Steak-Umms that tasted more authentic. Maybe I'm in the minority, but I just expect better steaks from a place called Southside Steaks. If you're in the area, Campus Deli in Oakland serves up a much more authentic "whiz wit." The bread itself earns this joint an extra star.
2_star Ate at Krazy Buffet since (west side) since it has been opened. Husband and I eat there at least once a month. Since it has been opened the place has become VERY rundown, dirty and in need of a good overhaul. The food is good to very good, but eating in this atmosphere makes it feel just plain nasty. I have told the manager about our concerns and he seemed surprised. Until there is a face-lift we won't be back.
3_star Tableau has a pleasant ambiance, and being seated in the "sun room" definitely adds to it! However, the service by our waiter was no doubt subpar. He didn't serve the standard bread, and when asked, he was defensive about it, saying that it's because we didn't order a lunch item. Well, I don't see an additional page at the end of the menu, and I'm not sure what else you'd consider a duck entree (not to mention that both plates were ordered from the entree section). Before we left, he even came over and checked how much tip we'd left him! I thought we were at Wynn, not some "hole in the wall" place?! The duck entree and the white chocolate orange French toast were tasty, but definitely nothing out of the ordinary or worthy of their prices. The duck was a bit dry, but thankfully the egg was nice and moist, which masked some of the dryness underneath. And, like one of the other reviewer mentioned, our taste buds didn't quite pick up the white chocolate part. Maybe we were spoiled coming from NYC. Meh. Not planning on coming back.
3_star It's good, not great. I've tried it a few times, one dine in, one ubereats (delivery), and one time takeout, The guacamole is OK, somewhat bland could probably use a little more lime/salt. The portion isn't that big either for the $6 price tag (for the appetizer version). It's about the same price as chipotle when it comes to price for volume, and I think chipotle charges too much for guacamole. Everyone always compares these places to chipotle, which makes sense since chipotle really made the whole quick texmex thing popular. I like that they offer queso - chipotle doesn't offer a melted cheese. They also grill their burritos which is another win IMO. You'll also find much more diverse flavors here than chipotle - for better or worse, the salsa bar is nice and has a good variety of salsa that are unique in flavor. Don't like the chicken, I've seen many other reviews commenting the same thing. I don't think it's really chewy and inedible as others have claimed but it's bland and sure to be the worst thing on your meal. Get a different meat, the pork is much better. Ownership should fix the chicken though. Overall I can't strongly recommend this place. Similar prices to chipotle or even barrio during happy hour ($7 for a burrito). It's a smaller portion and isn't as good as either of those places. I probably prefer Qdoba/Moe's more to - but neither are really close to me. 3 stars because the salsa is good, I like that they offer things like queso and refried beans, and on Wednesdays they have $5 burritos - but I don't think it's better than their competition especially at the price point. I'll still come here once in awhile but I don't think it'll be very often - probably on Wednesdays.
1_star DIARRHEA !! Just bad.. server didn't check up on us, our glass was empty for 25 mins... our food took forever! I had to go up and talk to the manager.. I go to the washroom and there's no soap.. in any of them. Fml. Then my order came with sauce that I couldn't eat.. I specially told her and she repeated it back to me.. yet it came out wrong. Oh and to top it off, the food gave me diarrhea the next day. And the food wasn't even good.. pfft
5_star Love love love this place! Tacos tacos Firstly just need to say I put the habanero hot sauce on everything here to give it a little kick! ... If you love spice defiantly try it. Also rule of thumb *squeeze* that lime on everything ! Tacos and in drinks .... Just go wild. Shrimp tacos were juicy and great Fish taco was great and flaky They had a Trout taco day feature which was great (with a little lime and hot sauce) Chicken and beef tacos had a decent amount of meat in them and were nicely cooked and shredded. The Vegetarian option was surprisingly also very tasty and flavourful Ceviche love the jalapeño touch inside but fish and tomatoes needs to be chopped up more for better chip grabbing fun. Margarita pitcher could use a little more lime less agave and more tequila.... Less sweetness and more pungent twist and kick in the mouth to go with those tasty tacos. (I just ordered extra tequila and added to my cup.... But I would say about 4 more shots in the pitcher would fix it) Over all very great vibes...music is beautiful loud and upbeat. Friendly staff. Great place to go grab a bite laugh and enjoy a fun Latin vibes time
1_star Heard good things about this place. All I can say is that this is a perfect candidate for Kitchen Nightmares. Bad service. Bad food. Only order pizza if you must eat here. 93 rating.
1_star You know what you're getting with a Steak N Shake: it's about one rung up from a McD's in quality, and about two rungs down in quickness. At least, you think you know. I used to have a small place in my heart (though the salt and fat weren't very kind to said organ) for Steak N Shake, because hey, who can argue with beef and drinkable ice cream? But after my last trip, I can think of nothing more disgusting than having to eat here, this location in particular. I haven't been back in over year, and I will never step foot into a Steak N Shake as long as I have an immune system that I care about. After having eaten here, I hit the restroom on my way out (along with my two friends....hey, we're girls, it's acceptable!). One stall was already taken, so two of us are stuck waiting while this occupant does her....shall we say, business? After a few seconds, we realize that she's not only there to relieve herself, but to also take drive-through orders. Yes, that's right...."You want fries with that? *flush* Okay, that will be $5.50". I have never, ever witnessed anything so insane as a drive-through restroom. To top it off, after finishing her "bathroom break", she walks straight out of the stall and into the restaurant. I guess she was in too much of a rush to complete the order she had just taken that she didn't have time to wash her hands. And I was in too much of a rush to choke back up what I had just eaten before it wreaked mayhem on my stomach.
3_star This place is only getting a 3 star because our waiter was awesome! It's hard finding a breakfast place that doesn't just only serve pork breakfast items but turkey as well. I ordered eggs, hash browns, turkey patties and toast also was craving something sweet so also ordered the Big waffle with added strawberries and whip cream. Everything looked good but I did not like their Turkey Patties, it had this interesting flavor that I will try to describe. The turkey patties tasted like they had been frozen then defrosted but not all the way cooked, I actually went to have breakfast with someone and they ordered the same thing and also didn't eat the Turkey Patties. Maybe it's the brand they use or could be the cook but I could of made better using the turkey sausage patties at your local super market (The Jimmy Dean Brand). The strawberries on the waffle were soggy but that's okay, they did taste like they had been soaking in sugar for several hours so your taste buds were going to surely wake up with the sugar strawberries. Maybe I'll give this place another shot, who knows. Ps: they have interesting flavors of lemonade that was Delish.
5_star I love this place! My boyfriend and I have been meaning to come here for about three years and now that we're finally here, we have no regrets. The patio is gorgeous and comfortable. The service is fast and always with a warm smile. And the food is delicious! Everything is very reasonably priced, as well. I would definitely recommend this restaurant!
1_star What business closes but leaves their front door UNLOCKED!!! Well Smoke's did and I'm highly upset. Checked on Yelp and the website for the closing time. It clearly said Saturday at midnight. So we arrive just before 11:30pm. The door is unlocked and we walk inside. Stand there for a few seconds looking at the menu and young girl approaches saying the business is closed and has been since 11pm. I asked well why is your front door unlocked? She couldn't give me an answer. So I said why does you website and Yelp say you close at 12am? Still no answer. I've been to the Smoke's in Vancouver and it was amazing. Well too bad I didn't get to check out this location and won't be back. Do your business a favor and update your store hours on Yelp and your website. And when you close its best to lock the front door especially when there are shady characters hanging around outside. Teach your staff a thing about customer service. It wouldn't have hurt to show some courtesy to give out coupons for the trouble and mistake in hours posted.
1_star Service was slow and unavailable at points. Food was okay at best. Plenty of better places to eat.
2_star is "OK" it's not bas but not great either, their Chefs in this location, are not as tasty, crunchy, fresh, or delicious as their counterparts from the other branches. So, paying premium price for So So quality is not very satisfying, knowing their other branches deliver better quality for the same price. Still taste better than food court, but below par compared to other restaurants.
5_star We first ate at Empress Taytu in 2008 and the whole family loves it. The incense is pungent but smells wonderful to me. We always sit in the traditional seats around the injera basket and eat with our hands but there are also tables and silverware if you prefer. The restaurant is decorated with Ethiopian art and fabrics and you almost feel as though you have traveled to Ethiopia. The staff is friendly and the women cooking can be seen from the dining area and will greet you when you come in. We have eaten at Ethiopian restaurants in DC, NYC and Las Vegas and Empress Taytu is our favorite. I should probably mention that two of our kids come from Ethiopia and my husband has traveled there twice, so they are quite familiar with Ethiopian food. We usually start with the sambusas, the little pastry puffs filled with lentils or beef and both are very tasty. Two of the combination platters has always been plenty for the six of us. We usually get one meat and one vegetarian. I love the cabbage, especially, but everything is delicious. The staff is always generous with the injera and brings us extra. Speaking of the injera...it is light, fluffy and heavenly. Our favorite injera, for sure! I have to admit we have not partaken of the coffee ceremony...hope to do that next time.
1_star Worst food I have ever ordered in my life we ordered through grub hub 2 gyros, 2 fries and 2 sodas. First off it took almost 2hours for the food to be delivered. Second when it got here the fries were warm but raw; honestly, it was as if they drenched frozen fries in oil then microwaved them. (I tried to cook them to at least make them edible but nothing worked) Third the gyro meat was burnt, dry and tasteless. Lastly the tazaziki sauce was watery and bland. On the positive side they got our order correct right down to the special instructions such as no tomatoes and extra sauce. They even threw in a free extra soda for taking so long. All in all I will never order from this restaurant again!!!!
1_star It is cheap. But I got what I paid for. I was having a flashback craving for Sullivans and tried here as a back up. Not good. The fish squares were very fishy tasting even doused with their pink sauce. Silly me asked if they had malt vinegar - no luck
3_star We were wondering around looking for a bar and heard the music pumping out from this joint. Went in and got a table in some make shift patio area. The atmosphere and service was nice - everyone seemed to be having fun and chilling. Music they were pumping out, which was mostly middle eastern, was rather catchy and fun. The actual set up was a bit poor - tables/chairs were plastic patio furniture and it actually backed onto their kebab house! Which made it appear shabby. However, on the whole I quite enjoyed the experience and having a drink and checking out something different. I would def recommend for a quick drink and shesha. Didn't eat there so not sure of the quality.
2_star The lineup wasn't as bad as people mentioned, there is certainly worse waits for Brunch in Calgary - for good reason. Only thing good about this place is their coffee - which isn't even their own I ordered the pulled pork hash and it was bland. Meat was dry. They try to be Calgary hipster with sweet potatoes, but it's just not that great. The onions were cut like the chef was being lazy - which overpowered the dish. Same thing happened with my gf's granny smith grilled cheese sandwich. One would think that a tart granny smith infused grilled cheese would have sweet caramelized onions, not barely cooked almost raw sharp onions almost an inch thick! It was like eating a raw onion sandwich with some melted cheese. I would choose OEB, Galaxie or Diner Deluxe over this place any day.
1_star Seeing that this place received 4/5 stars and 900+ reviews, I believed that this restaurant would live up to the hype. There were so many good reviews on the bone marrow and oxtail pho as well as many other dishes from the menu. However my experience here fell short. I usually don't write reviews but I thought I would share my experience. First thing was when we walked in, there was a host stand but no host. There was a sign for patrons to sign in on a sheet with a name and number of guests. Our presence wasn't acknowledge until about 25 minutes later. Not sure if this is a Vegas thing because they're so busy (we had a similar experience at another restaurant) or that's how they operate. Once we sat down we looked over the menu. Most of the dishes had unique twists on Vietnamese cuisine. But long story kind of short - we wanted to try the oxtail fries, they were out of fries. My friend and I wanted to try the bone marrow pho, they were out of bone marrow. Since trying the bone marrow was out of the question I went with a basic meatball pho. After 30 minutes the dishes started to arrive to the table. This is also when one of the servers informed me that they were out of meatballs for the meatball pho. Are you F'n serious!?!? I mean bad enough you made me wait 30 minutes to tell me this but those meatballs for pho ( and French fries) are usually frozen. You would think.. running a restaurant that serves PHO you would make sure you have some of them suckers in the freezer at least. Manager probably wasn't on top of inventory this week. At this point I was getting really HANGRY. Everyone at the table had gotten their food and now I had to look at the menu and decide what to get (being if they didn't run out of it already) I decided to go with the oxtail fried rice remembering that there were rave reviews on the dish on Yelp. The dish came out about 15 minutes later and let me tell you... I thought you couldn't really mess up fried rice but.. this was pretty horrible. I don't know if they forgot to season it bc they were in a hurry to push it out since they didn't have any ingredients left in their kitchen for any other dish on that menu or what but.. it just tasted like i was eating steamed white rice with onions. Because there was a lot of white onions in it with maybe a bit or a shred of oxtail meat here and there. I ended up having to season the rice with whatever condiments they had at the table, which wasn't much. I should have known- any Vietnamese restaurant that doesn't have fish sauce or soy sauce on the table as a condiment should be a warning sign. I don't know..maybe we went at the wrong time or maybe that's just how they roll.. but I would not recommend this place to anyone- not even hipster foodies. This place is just overrated and over priced.
1_star Stay away!!!!!! Could not understand what the foreign cashier was saying, made placing near impossible. Could not make a pizza to save their life...
3_star Ok beer selection, ok bar food (though I am a bit of a beer/food snob). I don't mind going when a group wants to go, but not my first choice if I'm out on my own.
4_star I have been here on several occasions for lunch/dinner. Service was good, food is good, prices are decent. I always order the gyro and hummus for an app. I just wish they served rice with the gyro! I love rice.
3_star Nice after work get together place..happy hour is worth waiting for...food is pretty good. Atmosphere is jumping on late weekend nights or pretty much midnight happy hours...
3_star A little bit pricy compared to the food. We went there for pre Christmas dinner. Most food on the menu are deep fried skewers. No sashimi or rolls. We ordered some skewers. They were just ok as I cannot even remover what I ate that night. Also had the beef and tuna tataki. They were good.
1_star I wish I could give this "restaurant" zero stars. I've eaten here three times now and each time, the food was HORRIBLE. The chicken strips, drumsticks, and thighs are tiny, overcooked, and shriveled. The service is awful, too. If there's a long line, you can bet that there's one person working the register and four employees standing around and looking dumb. There's no hustle at all. They clearly don't care for you. The only good news is that students in Oakland have a lot of options, and they'll soon figure out that this place isn't worth it. Soon enough, this place will become yet another empty, roach filled monument to incompetence.
3_star Bjs rule...get ur mind out of the gutter beavis. But they do:) muhaaahhah
1_star I cried on my wedding day, and no, they were not tears of joy. I had dealt the entire time with Anna, who was in charge of event management. We agreed on all of the prices and everything was set in stone for my wedding reception. I gave her my credit card and asked her to charge the rest of my balance after I knew the final count. She responded to my email thanking me for giving her the credit card information and said she would charge my card. I was coming from Delaware so I wanted to take care of all of my payments before I arrived in Vegas so there wouldn't be any surprises. All seemed to be going well during the reception. Everyone was having a good time and the waiters were attentive. All up until my brother comes up to me and tells me how they asked him for a credit card to pay. EXCUSE ME?? I went up to the manager and told him I paid Anna before I left. Oh, and where was Anna by the way? Not there of course. She didn't even show up to oversee anything. I told him I didn't bring my credit card with me. I thought all of this was already taken care of and my credit card info was in Anna's email. In the end, my parents had to give THEIR credit card info because I didn't bring mine stuffed in my dress (and mean, what did they think?) It was very upsetting and embarrasing. After emailing Anna the next day she tells me they don't normally charge your credit card until after the reception in case more people come than you plan. So why the hell didn't she tell me this?? Then I would bring my card with me!! The Dj ended up eating (and he was the only extra person we had) and of course we had no problem paying for him, but if they had just said that night "We need (so and so) money for your DJ it would have been a hell of a lot easier than them saying "We need thousands of dollars to pay for your entire reception party. It was very disorganized and handled completely incorrectly. And I still have yet to get a sincere apology out of anyone. I regret having my reception there and wish I had gone with Pampas on the Strip or El Segundo Sol. Both had excellent communication and were very helpful. Honestly, even if it's a little more expensive it's worth going with somewhere on the Strip because after paying for transportation for all of your guests to get all the way to Via Brasil it evens out anyway! Also worth noting, we had our welcome party at La Salsa Cantina and it was EXCELLENT! Great service, the sweetest people to work with, and we had a blast! I even paid a little too much on my deposit because we had less people than I anticipated and it was refunded within a day. Oh and one more thing...They still owe me $100! They had me down as having an extra guest that I didn't have. After emailing them 3 times to tell them this I don't feel it's worth my time, but just thought I would note that screw up too! STAY AWAY!!
4_star The fried rice omelette was a solid choice for a midday meal! Service was solid and the food came out right away.
2_star Not impressed! Place is decent and the prices are fair but lunch was boring and not memorable. Pulled pork sandwich lunch special with fries $7.99, draft pabst blue ribbon and a side of BBQ sauce, because the pork was so bland and dry. I placed my $20 on the counter and was given change and told the bill was $13.06. Not sure how that happened, asked for the receipt and and the waiter made plenty of excuses for not being able to give me one....pretty sure he pocketed that money. Not cool! Either way BBQ sauce is part of the BBQ experience....you would have thought I asked for alien fingers or something. Weird! Not sure where to get great BBQ in AZ, but I won't be going back to Big Earls....certainly not worth the money!
1_star Originally I really liked this place and came all the time, because the food was great, but I just had a horrible customer service experience. I ordered the pad Thai from the menu and it wasn't labeled as spicy. When I got the dish it burned my mouth up and I can't stand spicy food makes me very nauseous. So I told the waitress I would like it refunded considering I didn't eat any of it and never on the menu did it say the pad Thai was spicy. She looked stressed out and confused and went to call the "owner" and said that he cannot refund my meal because I ordered it. Whatever I order I have to pay for. This place has no respect for customers who are loyal, I have never sent anything back. Any other place would have just refunded the food.
5_star Best Buffet, I ever had. I would absolutely recommend to all friends traveling to Vegas. The food is very fresh and delicious and the customer service is great.
3_star Just a quick observation by someone who does enjoy lobster and also someone who has some difficulty spending $50 on a lunch for two in a food court atmosphere. Yes it's lobster but just consider that the lobster rolls contains claw meat, not the premium tail meat that we are all familiar with and enjoy and the medium sandwich is relatively small and did not meet our expectations, my suggestion, go to Costco and buy a couple nice tails, a couple nice steaks, have a nice meal.
3_star A group of friends and I recently went to go visit Nanay.. the food was good esp. the Bistek and Sinigang but it was all good really. You can't beat the price. We went at an off time about 5pm on Saturday. We were the only ones in the restaurant. When we left business was picking up quite well. The only downfall was Nanay kinda came back with us in a way and when she tried to leave us it was through our Glori-holes. I'd go back again but those who have a refined palate may pass.
2_star We waited patiently for 45 min to get seated for our table. It then took over 30 min to order are drinks. After we ordered our food it took 45 min to bring it out. But they brought the appetizer AND our food at the same time.... Kinda defeats the purpose huh? It was a Friday night and it was a little busy. BUT it doesn't take 30 min to order a drink and common sense to bring the appetizer and the food at the same time. Extremely disappointed...
3_star Good, but expensive for what it is. The selection of literally dozens of different kids of mussels is dizzying. The only thing even more impressive is the enormous beer menu, featuring everything from Belgian trappist ales to local microbrew specialties. The burgers and other food items are creative and tasty, and the portion sizes are reasonable without being stingy. I also enjoy the atmosphere of this restaurant in the summertime, though it should be avoided on the busy Thursday and Friday nights. The reason I only give it three stars is because everything is way overpriced for the area and for the type of food. You could eat just as well for half the price just about anywhere else nearby. If I wanted to splurge and spend $50 on a meal, I'd expect something much nicer and fancier than this. But for a burger and a beer, or even the all-you-can-eat mussels specials, the price is just astronomical.
3_star Tried Prairie Fire for lunch today. While there wasn't anything bad about this place there wasn't anything spectacular either. I had the burger on a pretzel bun. The pretzel bun was tasty and I would enjoy it again. The burger was okay, they didn't ask how I wanted it done so I expected it medium which it was but I would have preferred them asking what temp I wanted. The chips were good but I would suggest adding cajun spice or something to make them more appealing. The fries are not good. The Garden Burger is actually tasty but nothing that would make me go back. We might try it for dinner sometime. Service was okay but they could be better.
2_star I won't be going back. I've been there twice now for dinner. The first time we had to wait for chairs to be found for an available table outside. I wanted that table because it was the furthest from the speakers. The music is LOUD! The second time we sat inside and we had to lean so far forward to hear each other. Service there leaves something to be desired. When we first entered the restaurant there were 3 young ladies at the hostess stand, 2 with their backs to us. No one looked as we arrived or greeted us. I had to get their attention to be seated. Both times we had to wait for silverware and flag down our waitress for our check and once because our order was wrong. No one came by to ask how we were doing. I watched as someone at two other tables got up to find out where their food was. It looked like our waitress had tables all over the place both inside and out. The only person smiling was a very confused bartender unsure how to make a drink, but was laughing about it. We ordered salads and it took over 20 minutes to get our food. We asked for a mixed French fry order to go and did not get it. AGAIN we had to flag down a waitress. She brought us the wrong french fries. And when we brought that to her attention not a word was said. She just picked up the bag and walked away. About 10 minutes later she came back with the other type of fries thrown into the bag on top of the other ones and they were burnt. We brought this to the attention of the manager since I am a business owner and would like to know when something wasn't right. He also did not say a word. The food otherwise was ok. Not worth the other inconveniences.
3_star Nice healthy option in the area. A little expensive for what you get, but the food is pretty good and they're pretty quick with takeout. I had the a Mango Mint Chicken Salad the first time I got takeout here, and it was awesome. Very tasty and fairly large portion size. The second time I ate here, I ate in and got a turkey sandwich with some sort of cranberry sauce. Pretty tasty, but far too expensive for my portion size and good, but not great, turkey.
1_star I got the WICKED part of the meal....FOOD POISONING! A friend and I both got food poisoning after eating at the Wicked Spoon. After the incident I contacted the hotel, they asked if I went to the hospital or if I had any proof. I told them I flushed the proof down the toilet! Then they told me, 2200 people ate there that day with no complaints so it wasn't their fault. It cost $44 dollars a person and the food was mediocre at best, not taking into account that it came back to haunt me... and my bowels.
5_star One of the best fusion Japanese cuisine in TO!!! The space is a bit loud but great for friends gathering. The tasting menu is a great value. The portions are HUGE!
5_star Third time I've been here was 12/24/16, Christmas eve. Every visit, we were seated promptly, waiter/waitress responded with in a minute. Special request for change of the food item was accepted, when asked, the waiter/waitress offered advice, and were able to describe the dishes without hesitation. This third visit was a large group and we had a private dinning area. Other two visits were two of us. The prices are a bit higher then average, but the food quality and quantity more then make up for the slightly higher price. The ambiance is fantastic, the setting left me speechless the first time I was there and I continue to be impressed by the surroundings. I will return without hesitation.
3_star This place is great for a couple of reasons. Firstly, it seems to be a Mom and Pop shop that has stood the test of time in what has been a turbulent strip mall that has seen many transformations over the years. Only a few things have survived as they were going back to Gourmet Wok opening (Hell, even Barros Pizza moved.). The Taco bell and KFC and this little place. The family vibe of Gourmet Wok is great, I love seeing places like this survive hard times. Secondly, the food is solid and you cant beat the price for the portions you get. I have ordered many items off the menu and I have never run in to a bad one yet. Its solid, not amazing, blow your doors off, have a religious experience kinda food, its just a solid little place. You get your moneys worth. They have very affordable lunch specials and I suggest checking that out if you are free at that time. They are closed on Sunday so be mindful of that. Anyways, give it a go, they do delivery of you live on that part of town. Do it.
5_star Great vegetarian and non-vegetarian options! I usually get the falafel/hummus wrap -- always delicious! Both dine in and carry out are quick!
2_star Went there with a coupon for buy 1 get 1 free buffet for $19.99 with 3 other people. Got the bill and it was $110.00. Found out that the 2 for 1 meant that they cut the price from $44.90 to $19.99 meaning 2 meals for the price of 1. Poorly worded and misleading coupon. Service was decent, coupon made me feel otherwise. Especially after our waiter told us the bill would only be a little more than $44 with the coupon.
5_star There aren't enough stars to on Yelp to rate this establishment properly. How about 100 stars? I had a salmon and shrimp roll that was the most delicious and sweetest fish I've ever had. It's all I can think about right now! I can hardly wait to go back!
3_star Dinner on opening day, Shoyu ramen times two. The first shoyu ramen ordered the original way and the second, due to dietary restrictions, side pork items only with soft boiled egg and veggie broth instead. Tasted great, but restaurant could not substitute pork for chicken for me and would charge to do so. I wasn't trying to obtain something for free but thought it would have been a compromise at least with a piece of chicken and still charge me $2.50 even if I declined the pork items ?! That did not sit well with me. This restaurant is similar to Monta entree availability. It's okay but maybe they should be more flexible w orders or have a build your own soup / noodle bowl.
2_star place is okay... Love the inside very artdeco looking and feeling. Prices a bit step for what you get. I ordered the delmonico steak, it was served on cast iron. Loaded bake potato was broccoli and cheese out of a can, very let down by that.
4_star Go here now. Sit at the bar. Don't look at the menu. Order the fish tacos. Enough said, great quality, reasonable price, for an airport, one of the best I've had anywhere in NA.
3_star Stopped in for breakfast about 9 am on the way out of Phoenix. First time in and, if I'm in the area I would give them a second try. Food was great but service was slow. There was four tables in use when we came in. I suspect the 1 waitress was also working in the kitchen. Thanks Yelpers.
1_star Went tonight on a recommendation and was horribly disappointed. We often go to Genghis Grill and love it so we wanted to try this. This doesn't even come close. The meats looked like frozen, rolled up lunch meat. Veggies looked ok. Wasn't really any taste to the bowl unless you drenched it in teriyaki and soy sauce. My man didn't even finish his food and that never happens. Even the frozen yogurt didn't taste very good. They have toppings for 25 cents each from a gumball dispenser. We definitely won't be coming back. We'll stick to Genghis Grill.
1_star Why is it so difficult to find an egg and cheese sandwich on a hard roll in Tempe/Phoenix? Esp one that is good and under $5. Skip this one. You'd be better off going to McDonalds. Order: Bacon, egg and cheese w/ lettuce, tomato, mayo on a poppy seed bagel. Pros: Name. Cons: Microwaved eggs, microwaved bacon. They either microwaved the lettuce too, or by putting it between the cheese and the bacon, it got cooked. Yuck - hot lettuce! No mayo in the kitchen. Only packets on the counter. Oh, and the bagels.... well if you lived anywhere near NYC, these aren't good bagels.
3_star Ceasar side salad was awesome. Bleu "Blues Burger" was very mediocre. Dry and overdone. All-female string band was tons of fun.
5_star Ok so let's be honest, if your looking for a fancy 5 star steakhouse where the waiters wear floor length aprons, this isn't the place. But if you want Good food and amazing service. This is the place. The drinks are great, we love the staff. Music is always enjoyable to hear. They have great DJ's. It's a nice laid back environment. Taco Tuesday.......see for your self.
4_star I could say I'm a regular at this location. Food is fresh, service is usually fast, the place gets packed rly fast on weekends. I definitely recommend the egg Benedict's. 2 eggs r usually what I order. It's absolutely delicious. Best restaurant in the loblawz plaza.
4_star Excellent Excellent moved here from Seattle they are fast good food we have tried almost all the menu and order out all the time highly recommend this place! Love it!
3_star We celebrated our anniversary here. We had the ahi tuna nachos, duck fried rice, and the calamari for appetizers. The ahi tuna nachos were good but were swimming in sauce so I just picked out the tuna. The duck fried rice had a lot of flavor but was very salty. The calamari didn't have a crispy breading. For entrees, we had the wagyu steak and the scallops. The steak was average. They put 2 huge stalks of broccoli on the plate that was difficult to eat. The scallops were so salty I couldn't eat them. For dessert we order the chocolate and vanilla buttermilk ice cream. The chocolate ice cream was very rich and the vanilla tasted as it is named... Like buttermilk. We received a complimentary dessert of 2 bite sized peanut butter pies with "happy anniversary" written on the plate and a candle (which was the best item we had here). Overall the whole meal was so salty. The atmosphere is great and the patio with the view is the main attraction. If we go again, we may try the pizza. Everyone seemed to have ordered that around us, which should've been a sign.
3_star This was my first visit; a continuance of my quest to find the best shredded beef tacos known to man. I did not find what I was looking for, but I did find a passable back up to tide me over until I do. The shredded beef was not bad, but the taco shells were not like homemade...very disappointing. The refried beans were a little salty, and watery, but did not taste horrible. The rice was quite good. The wait was very long, but the counter girl was very nice, and warned me in advance. She also gave me a free soda for my troubles. I was very pleased with how I was treated, and plan to go back and try some other menu items.
1_star True disappointment. Bland food and long wait for it. The service was the only positive part.
3_star I will preface this by saying that I really wanted to like this place. I've been to many churrascarias and I was truly looking forward to having a new Brazilian steakhouse close to home. Unfortunately, our experience tonight was less than great. To begin with, the best cuts of meat were scarce, rarely did we see any Picanha, Fraldinha, or Alcatra. Instead we saw a lot of chicken, sausage and pineapple. Ginger beef and Garlic beef were both dry and overcooked. The service was slow and often there was no meat to be seen anywhere in the restaurant. Our server wasn't very good either. She was friendly, but rarely did she check on us. At one point my wife finally got sick of waiting and just went to the bar to get another drink. I also question whether some of the gauchos actually knew what they were doing, as they seemed to have difficulty cutting the meat precisely and locating the rare pieces that we requested. Compared to other churrascarias that I have been to, Rodizio is average at best. The only reason I give them three stars and not less is because the price was only $32 and I guess you get what you pay for. My wife and I both agreed that we'd rather pay more and get quality meats, cooked properly and brought to the table often. If you want an inexpensive Brazilian barbecue experience, I guess Rodizio will do, however if you want the real deal, then make the drive to Scottsdale and go to Fogo.
3_star I was disappointed twice. Never by the food. 1st time ordered a shot and beer. Usually get top shelf liquor. My shot was watered down and I told the barmaid. Thought they should know something like that. 2nd time, was given shot...fine and good. Ordered 2nd shot and heard barmaid tell waitress out of my top shelf and was giving me lesser brand. The waitress brought it and never said a word. When the bill came, I was charged for 2 shots of top shelf and $1 more on my food order than the menu said. I was nickled and dimed by a waitress for I don't know why. I don't think she owns the place, so, why?!!!
4_star Food and beer menu selections are both wonderful. Beer selections rotate and have been excellent on both occasions I've visited. Casual American and /or bar food, but done really well. Apparently they have salads, but you really want the Triple Pig Sammich. The burgers are very good as well. Our server recommended and I'm glad I went for it. Service was great on an average weekday lunch time, pleasant and attentive. Will definitely dine again!
4_star This place is cavernous. So check it: It's 10 pm on a Wednesday night and from the outside the place doesn't seem overly lively, but as we walk in my group of 8 peeps realizes that the place looks pretty packed. So we ask the bar maid if they can seat all 9 of us, and she says yes. Surprise! Takes us to the other side of a wall and there's actually space. Food was the main thing we ordered and man those nachos were Grea8t. Also got some samosas and chicken satay skewers. The Samosa sauce was pretty bland (mint & yoghurt raita) but the samosa were nice and tasty (lots of spices, but would register zero on the Scoville scale). The chicken skewers were the bomb. Oh and next time you go, ask for the corner table with a ledge behind you. Because of winter my group had a lot of stuff with them and if not for that ledge, we wouldn't have been comfortable in the space. Also helped in putting all empties on the ledge cause it was hard for the staff to reach around in the booths. Reasonable service, and great beer selection.
4_star Not going to lie, if you are expecting service from this restaurant you're going to be really disappointed. Dinner service usually have 2 servers, and you literally have to hunt them down for order and water. Other than that, I have to say this is honestly one of the best Chinese restaurant in Calgary. This is coming from an immigrant from Hong Kong by the way. That's worth something right? (lol) Anyway, back to the review. They make old school Canton style cuisine, and their food is always fresh and never over cooked. They are super famous for their salt n pepper squid, so I am not going to go into that. If you love seafood and cream sauce, I beg you to give the lobster in cream sauce a shot. The way they make their cream sauce is just heaven...I am not joking or exaggerating when I say that my Italian fiance will take the left overs from the dish and turn it into lobster alfredo linguine. It is that good. Another favourite of mine is their deep fried chicken. The chicken is NEVER dry, breast always moist and skin crispy, simply perfection. Favourite part is probably the little saucer plate with the spiced salt in it, oh and the prawn crackers. (Very authentic) Why only 4 stars after such a good review of their food? 2 reasons. One I already talked about, the service. The other is because the restaurant itself is not friendly for people with disabilities, and their stairs are freaking steep! All in all, this is a really good place for good Chinese food.
5_star Had PG for the first time via to-go. The staff was friendly, everything was fresh and tasty. Terrific local restaurant with great selection and prices.
5_star Great food, happy hour and staff! Keep up the good work. Very accommodating for small and large groups!
3_star Only reason to come would be for the games, boobs, and beer. The food is bleeeehhhh
2_star $20 credit card minimum? EFF YOU The customer service sucks, they tried really hard to make us pay for their mistake Only reason it gets a 2 stars is because I enjoyed their salt and pepper pork and fried rice. All other items are laughable.
3_star The service and atmosphere were great. The food was mediocre. The fried chicken sandwich was pretty flavorless. However the shrimp and grits was delicious!! That was the best thing we tried there.
1_star Sorry to do this but they earned this one star rating. I'm trying a different steakhouse in Vegas once or twice a month and this one bombed. Here's the breakdown: Decor = 2 stars based on my preference for contemporary spaces. This is old school steakhouse style without any soul. They need an upgrade. Bar experience = 3 stars for a decent but not great Martini. Shaken too much so there were too many chunks of ice. Crowd = 2 stars. Tourists of all ages wearing shorts and T shirts. Overall food = 1 star. The bread was very stale. The sauteed spinach was swimming in oil, butter, and garlic so much that I could have been eating any other vegetable without knowing it. I should note that someone sitting near me ordered the crab legs and raved about them. The steak = 1 star. The Filet was bland and tough. You'll see this in other reviews in yelp as well so you know they are not consistent. Wine = 1 star for a terrible wine list. Very few by the glass and selections are basic and uninteresting. Ever go on a cruise ship? Similiar selection. Service = 2 stars. The hostess was rude AND accidentally cancelled my Opentable reservation instead of confirming it! The check = $90 for steak, side, martini, and glass of wine Extras = upset stomach later that night. I saw a similiar comment on another diner's review on Yelp so beware! Avoid this place. With so many options in Vegas, you'd be wasting your time here.
3_star The Pad Thai tasted and also looked like a weird spaghetti. I am definitely a fan of Pad Thai but i dont think that is what this is. The red sauce they use makes it seem like something else (and not very tasty imo), its also very light on veggies and meat, mostly just noodles and the sauce. There is good stuff here but unless the above sounds good to you for the pad thai skip it. The Lo mein and singapore noodle are much better imo.
5_star Oh Chicken Box, how I miss thee...... I haven't lived in Charlotte in over 5 years but yet and still I still crave this place and refer others there. It is good quality food so that is why I keep coming back for the same ole same ole. My favorite is their 3 piece wing dinner. I like there collard greens and their hushpuppies. I also like there sweet tea, although I think its their crushed ice I like. I also love that the food is made to order and always hot. So kudos to Chicken Box, and if you haven't tried it go!!!!
1_star This is my 2nd time here and this place is a fail again. First of all I ordered the corn beef hash and it says in there menu "best you'll ever have" wrong it was horrible. I rather eat it from the can, second our server was rude. Shirley never came back to check on us. Just like my first visit with another old lady. The old lady servers are rude and old they shouldn't be working there. Later on she still never came back to check on us but I see her slip the check on our table and walk away. Then when it was time to pay I asked for the manager and then she was trying to defend her self and then they didn't wanna take our coupons. Horrible service here. I don't understand how the mayor can go there to eat . All the young bussers there should be the servers. I will never go back there again
2_star The food and service aren't terrible, but like so many unfortunate restaurants this one suffers from being bland. I'm about as white as you can get, and I'm not into food that's so spicy you can't eat it, but at least throw in some spices to your food.
5_star A complete Vegas experience. We arrived right at opening and we were seated immediately. The decor was very cool with comfortable chairs and variety from table to table. Our server, Christopher was fantastic, and he and his assistant, Mehdi, were both prompt, full of humor, and very attentive. Christopher had several recommendation but when my wife and I were both interested in the Fish and Chips, he suggested that we order one with their dessert add on special and share. We agreed and added a mixed green salad. The salad was big enough for three and was very tasty. The fish and chips were delicious, the beer batter very flavorful and the fish itself was cooked to perfection. More than enough again for two of us and we still had dessert to go. The sticky toffee pudding to close things out was amazing. Probably the best dessert we have ever tasted and again more than enough for two people to share. This is Las Vegas and everything was pricey but for the value of the food and the experience and the absolutely amazing service from Christopher and Mehdi, this was probably the best money we have spent so far on our trip. A fantastic experience and I highly recommend it.
3_star It was good. It's supposed to be the best pho place in Vegas. I don't know about that. But it did help with the hangover! It was pretty crowded for a Sunday afternoon. But only had to wait about 10 mins.
5_star Love this place but don't go here with a small appetite. And be sure to make a reservation if you try to go on a weekend. I usually get the half chicken, two meat combo which give me plenty of left overs for the next couple days. Their tri tip cannot be beat and I love their sweet potato fries. I've also had the baby back ribs which are also amazing
4_star Uniburger is a good Montréal burger joint, well deserving its 4 stars. The bulk of those stars, however, come from the abundant and delicious fries rather than the burger itself. The burger was good, I am not denying this, HOWEVER, since moving to New York I've had my share of good burgers. Theirs was reminiscent of a lesser Shake Shack burger: it had the same feel, the same basic taste for all basic ingredients (beef patty, tomatoes, lettuce...) but it lacked the delicious Shack sauce which brings it all together and elevates the whole burger. Still, the whole was very enjoyable - I would definitively recommend it as a spot when rolling through town.
5_star By far the best place for phó, they are always so inviting and friendly And everything is always fresh! You must order coffee it's worth the wait ;)
4_star Kaya's atmosphere gives off a good vibe whether inside or outside while enjoying your food. The Fried Chicken sandwich with Habanero Honey Mustard is a must try cuz it will leave you wishing you had just one more bite.
2_star It's kind of hard to rate, because I've always had good wings and cold beers. Problem is the staff. Like someone else on here said, it's pretty hit or miss. A few weeks ago we went to BWW before a movie. We had dinner and a couple beers. We had a really nice waiter who got our order right. Food was good. After the movie we decided to go back and have a couple drinks since it was right across the parking lot from the theater and we weren't ready to go home yet. Being a Friday night, it was considerably more crowded than before the movie. We got sat in the bar area. Another group (much larger!!) was sat right after us. They had their beers before we even had a waitress greet us. We finally asked their waitress if she could find our waitress. She apologized and went to get someone. She walked over by the bar and told a waitress that she had a table. We've been waiting for OVER 10 minutes at this point. She ran over and apologized. (Our friend had noticed her earlier flirting with the bartender-she'd been standing there the whole time!!) She said she was sorry and that she had a big party of drunk people and was dealing with them. Ummm.....hunny, we saw you standing by the bar the whole time. Anyways, we accepted her apology and ordered. She brought out a round of beers and never came back. Finally we had to flag her down and she apologized again. We ordered a second round of beers and she forgot them at the bar. Not kidding. When we flagged her down AGAIN she apologized and said if she forgot us again to throw something at her to get her attention. Kinda felt bad for her, she was obviously having a bad night. We wanted our check and she was nowhere to be found again!! When she finally came by she actually told us not to worry about a tip and that she didn't deserve it. Well, duh. Their food is good but their service is sub-par. We've had a good waiter here and there, but seems like a lot of the waitresses don't have their head screwed on right.
3_star I've been here twice and both times were enjoyable. Nice environment, great music. Drinks are reasonably priced. Food on the other hand.. slightly bigger portions would nice especially for the price you pay.
3_star Its a Chipotle, so there isn't much to elaborate on. Don't go from noon to 1pm when school is in session, as the line can get ridiculous. But otherwise I've never had a bad experience at this location.
4_star Great burgers, very friendly staff. Reasonable prices.
3_star Shitake is the shit but needs to make major changes if they ever want to stand out from all the other ace sushi places. There is a serious lack of variety on fish but what they do have is very good. For eating there on opening day and not having ingredients on your menu is pretty amateur. No sea-bass and they mixed up 2 orders, and if you don't have something let the customer know. They refill your drinks when they are at 75%, like if I want another drink I'll ask and they keep asking for your menu. Staff is great and quick but could frequent the tables less and have better interaction with customers, recommend things, or even tell you what food they are bringing you. Food comes quick and the special/chef rolls are something else to be tried. Tip: send your menu in 1 page at a time as you can tear it apart. This saves paper and let's you order more in a timely manner as when I ordered desert with other things, the desert came first.
1_star i give it one star for the excellent service. however, shortly after eating & not having left the restaurant, my stomach began to ache, draining my energy. i had the worse indigestion and experience for the next few hours. my husband began to have the same signs & symptoms about 2 hours after leaving the restaurant, still waking up feeling sick this morning. as he said it ... "never again."
5_star Food was amazing!!! I had the scallop starter which where the best scallops I've ever had they were a great size , for the main T-bone steak which just broke off the bone was absolute quality! We had a side of mixed cauliflower which was cooked beautiful! Would defo recommend this restaurant but must book in advance!
3_star 3.5 stars, Good food, good service, decent atmosphere, and decent deals. I went on a Thursday night to check out some of their slider burgers, not realizing it was the all-you-can-eat-pasta special night for $9, which sounds pretty good, but I was set on burgers. I headed to the bar to sit with my friends and watch some of the game and the staff were pretty helpful explaining the slider options and I even saw a guy at the bar go through at least 5 plates of pasta (must be a good deal). When we got our food, it was good, cute even, better than fast food, but nothing particularly special. The drinks on tap were fairly inexpensive and we had a few, and while it was nice to have quite a few screens in plain sight, there was nothing that really grabbed us to make us want to settle here for a more frequent gathering place. Not bad by any means, but nothing particularly special, and the parking lot (as well as location) are a little awkward, which definitely does not do them any favors. Do try out for their food as it is good and I hadn't been to a place named after Babe Ruth before, so that was novel too.
4_star Went to The Tuck Shop last night for the first time. They have been around since last winter but until a few days ago I had never heard of it. Too bad for me because I have been missing out!. My wife and I just decided to order a bit of this and that (which I think is the point of the menu). We ordered mac n cheese, garden salad, fontina sticks and chicken and waffles. the food came out in a timely manner and sort of created its own tempo where we always had a new dish in front of us but never had two at any one time. The fried fontina was the first and the most disappointing of the four. There was a nice light breadcrumb coating over the super soft mild cheese. There was a lack of seasoning/salt in this dish. They were served with a yin and yang of sauces, pear and red pepper. The pear sauce was very good but the red pepper sauce really needed something else. The dish was a great concept (who doesn't like fired cheese) but needed some more seasoning or tweaking. The second dish was the salad, tons of spinach, frisee, pickled shallots, green grapes, salami, goat cheese balls. VERY GOOD SALAD, just would have liked the salametti cut into thinner or smaller pieces. The third dish was the Mac n Cheese w/o the optional lobster. In my persuit for the perfect Mac n Cheese this ranked very high. A perfect combo of cheeses and breadcrumbs and noodles. Then the kicker was that they fried up some proscuitto and crumbled on top. MMMMM good. The fried chicken with white cheddar waffles was next.... The chicken looked so dark when it arrived that I thought I was going to have to send it back BUT when I tasted the fried batter it was really nice. Good seasoning and nice crunch. The chicken was moist and very good. I did not get the citrus brine flavor the menu talked about but still very good. The cheddar waffles were supper good and almost gooey. The greens they served with them were shocking but good. Acidic and spicy but not chewy as braised greens often get. The combo of the three sets of flavors worked very well. We opted out of dessert but will go back next time for the upside down pineapple cake or the chocolate mousse with fresh whipped cream. I would have to say that this is one of my favorite spaces in phoenix. I found out that the owner is an architect and then it made more sense. One great big area with slightly mismatched tables and chairs. Simple table settings with white butcher paper. Mint sprigs instead of flowers, simple candles, etc... There was a great little lounge area with couches and coffee tables where a couple ate and looked very intellectual. The lighting was soft but well placed and lots of windows with the summer evening light shining in. The music was a great mix of mostly stuff I had never heard but still found myself wondering who it was so I could download it on itunes the minute I got home.Kudos to the creator of that playlist, so refreshing from the common restaurant music these days. I am sure the very clean open kitchen would add some energy to the room had they been slammin but the three cooks looked rather board. The only negative I would say about the dining room was the TV at the bar. I don't mind a TV at a bar (actually I think it is crucial) but I just wish the TV would have been facing a different direction or mounted on the north wall so that it didn't interfere with the vibe so much. Overall... could be one of my new go-to spots!!! I recommend this spot.
2_star Is there a manger here? Service is terrible. Employees were far more interested in interacting with one another than taking my order and filling it. Friends of the employees received extra food while ordinary patrons had to remind employees to fill orders as prescribed. Convenience of parking doesn't compensate for the inconvenience created by the chaos behind the counter.
2_star The pros: Smart, clean atmosphere in a renovated firehouse. Excellent focaccia for a starter. Good drinks. Cons: The service. Had it not been for the condescending server (and the atrocious dessert, sesame semifreddo, that resembled dried out halvah) Bar Marco would have received 3 stars. It began by the server telling our group of 4 that arrived at 6 PM that we had to be out by 7:30 b/c our table was reserved; the restaurant was half empty at 6 so we could have easily been seated at another table. (At 8 PM, when we walked back to our car after visiting the Strip District, Bar Marco had only a handful of customers. No one was at the table at which we had sat.) The server answered my question of "Do you serve small plates, tapas?" with "we HATE the term 'tapas.' the chef calls them medium plates." Chastised, my friends and I ordered 5 medium plates. After placing our order, the server said we should have ordered 2 plates per person, information that would have been helpful when I first inquired about plate size. As I don't eat meat, I asked if a sausage could be held or if it was already blended into the dish, a dish that I wouldn't have necessarily ordered but was put on the spot to order more food. No, every ingredient in the food was "essential." Traditionally, if a restaurant doesn't allow ingredients to be withheld or substituted, this is stated on the menu. Likewise, if a chef recommends ordering more than 1 plate per person or if the plate size differs from the norm, the customers are told this up front. Not a huge deal but the patronizing way that the information was conveyed was. (Also, as an FYI, 5 shared dishes would be enough food for 4 people. We didn't come close to finishing what we'd ordered.) Fast forward to 1 of the 3 dessert options, toffee pudding. Apparently it should have been labeled pear pudding b/d the server informed us that pear, the last ingredient listed, was, again, an "essential ingredient" prepared three ways so to withhold it would ruin the dessert. So, we had the $12 sesame semifreddo, which was so unappealing that each of us took just one sample bite and left the rest. As an aside, I grew around Pittsburgh and had always raved to my East Coast friends what a friendly, kind city it was. I visited Bar Marco with friends who had never been to the 'burgh and I was eager to show them how hip while nice Pittsburgh was. This was not the introduction that they received.
3_star In LA/Orange County, this would be a two-star spot at best. But seeing that we're in Cleveland, Superior Pho deserves a bit of grade inflation.
5_star As expected from a fine dining establishment everything was amazing - the Mac and cheese is a must try
1_star I am leaving 1 star because 0 stars is not an option. I went to Lavo last weekend for my best friend's bachelorette party in Vegas, and unfortunately Lavo was the absolute low point of the whole weekend, solely because of their crappy customer service. We had a table reservation for bottle service, we arrived on time, and somehow they had messed up our reservation - we were supposed to have 1 hosted bottle and were promised the table for the night although I had indicated that we would probably buy a second bottle. When we got there they demanded a credit card and said there would be no hosted bottle to start. We said we only wanted to buy one bottle then, but they insisted there was a 2-bottle minimum. It is extremely common for a large group of girls to get 2-for-1 bottle service in Vegas, as I have done it many times, so this was already BS, but I didn't want to make a scene and stress out the bachelorette so we just told them to call us when our table was ready and in the meantime they handed us a few free drink tickets for the trouble (geez thanks, that totally makes up for it - NOT). We went upstairs to order 8 vodka sodas, drink tickets in hand, and they asked what kind of vodka, I shrugged and said 'Ketel's fine'. When she brought over 8 drinks and I'm about to hand her the drink tickets when I discovered they only gave us 6 tickets - again, thanks hostess for not even giving us one drink per person, Geez...No big deal I will pay for 2 drinks, I hand her my credit card and the 6 tickets. The bartender then proceeds to tell me these tickets are only valid for well vodka, not premium vodka. Umm you saw them in my hand and knew we were using them so why ask me what kind of vodka we want??? I asked to see one of the tickets and kindly showed her that NOWHERE on the ticket did it say ANYTHING about any specific vodka types or any order limitations whatsoever. In California this would be a breach of contract but apparently in Vegas where the house always wins, it didn't really matter. I asked to see the manager and the manager gave me the same incredible attitude. I said nevermind then can I please have 8 "well vodkas" and left the "Ketels" on the bar. They refused to make us new drinks and would not give me back my credit card unless I paid more than $80 for all 8 drinks. Ridiculous. At the same time, downstairs called me to tell us our table was ready - fine I will deal with this later. I go downstairs to get our table but now they can't give us the table without my credit card to hold it - ahhh! That's upstairs being held hostage! I hadn't stashed any more cards into my little clutch so I had to go back upstairs to reason with the idiot bartenders who were probably the rudest staff people I have ever experienced in my life. I just asked for the bill (for the 8 drinks which had been left on the bar and were now cleared off so we technically didn't even get the merchandise I had to pay for!!!) and when I opened it my credit card wasn't there. I asked them where it was and they were literally holding it away from me until I signed the bill!! Unbelievably disrespectful and rude!! I asked her to give me my credit card so my friend could run down and register our table while I settled the bill but they refused. The B**tchy bartender just stood there with a smirk on her face saying "no honey, not till you sign your bill and pay what you owe!" Ummm is that even legal?? Anyways I tipped her fat *ss zero dollars (although keep in mind I literally paid over $80 for 8 drinks which not one of us ever touched, and I had 6 free drink tickets in my clutch!!), and she pretty much threw my credit card across the bar at me. I really was being way calmer and more reasonable that anyone would have been because I didn't want to upset the bachelorette or make her feel bad but after all that, I decided there was no way in hell I was giving this SH&&Y club $2000 for bottle service. It was small, crowded, loud, and the music was just ok at best. The crowd was terrible too. They should have been begging us to stay haha. It's frankly so old that it's not that cool anymore (I never really thought it was great to begin with)...So I gathered up my girls, called the 8 more on their way, and we all met at the club at Encore (XS) which was amazing! Avicii was playing and we got an awesome table in the center of the club where the guys next to us ended up sending us nice bottles of champagne all night and we danced on the table all night! Thank god the night was salvaged the second we left this disaster of a club they call LAVO. I will literally never be back and will tell everyone in Vegas how crappy they treated a customer willing to drop thousands and bring in 16 girls! Unbelievable...Oh the best part was they tried to add a mandatory 18% gratuity for parties of 8 or more (which I found out when I got my credit card statement) but I called up Amex and called their bluff and they reversed the whole charge hahaha you lose LAVO!!!
1_star Really less quantity and totally dis-interested service .. Wasted my money here today ..
1_star Waited for an hour during lunch. They took my order, waited forever, and ended up having to leave without eating because I needed to get back to work.
1_star I'd like to give it -2 stars. My husband and I were unfortunately awarded 2 free dinners for a Hilton time share tour and we chose this out of three options because we had never tried a Churrascaria. We have friends that have been to Fogo De Choa and although it was pricey, they raved about it. I've eaten with them many times and know their taste. This was not it! Almost all of the meats were overcooked and extremely bland. The salad bar was eh. The staff was completely unengaging. Though we had free tickets, we actually opted to pay an additional $20 a piece so as not to be limited to one meat. It was a complete disappointment. We followed this with another deeply disappointing show with Marc Savard. Just so you don't think we just complain a lot, we immensely enjoyed our meals at Oyster Bay Seafood and Wine Bar and Fix at the Bellagio! And..........Absinthe, is a must SEE!!
1_star Very good decor! Server was nice! Place was busy do to Mother's Day I had the fish and chips shore the fish was not fresh fried looked frozen tasted frozen. My wife had the beef brisket tasted ok but looked like mush on a plate not Good. They forgot my vinegar. They forgot the Mac cheese. The cole slaw was way to wet I almost choked on it gggggaggggg Had three people that were involved in my table not good. Way to much money for the quality of food 1-10 I give the place a 1 you guys need a lot of work sorry but true. How do I know because I've been a chef for the past 30 years.
2_star Be sure when you order your food. If you order soup or salad as a side and you would like it before your main meal. The bartender was new took him awhile to make a sangria The waitress had an attitude. The mgt did apology the staff was new....etc etc etc. Not sure we will be back anytime soon.
5_star Awesome food and service. Had the beef ribs and they were great. Highly recommend this place if your in the mood for great barbecue and over the top service.
2_star I am a Seafood lover so I thought I would try this place, it sounded great. This is a classic example if it's too good to be true, it probably isn't. The selection was mediocre. The crab legs were small, not that I would expect much more. The overall selection of seafood was poor. I would have liked to see more "main stream" dishes. Their was not a lot of fish to choose from. Halibut but no other white fish. Shrimp were very small, like you could get at any other buffet in Vegas. The lobster bisque tasted like it was made at a truck stop in Nebraska! If you want good seafood, this is NOT the place to go. If you think Red Lobster is the best seafood restaurant on the planet, you'll love it!!!
1_star Very bad experience in this location. Been a customer for a year now till My last visit in November. Ordered to go food total of close to $100. Called management and told them what the problem was with my order. Manager that day was not a help at all. Decided to write to Corporate office and hoping they would help me too. Customer support/ corporate office was a JOKE. They lost a loyal customer
1_star A Major Scam for the Price: (A) Terrible service: We didn't get our bread until we had started our appetizer. (B) Mediocre Food: Tomatoes were hard & tasteless like you'd find at Giant Eagle; salad was ridiculous--mainly cheap iceberg lettuce with a few tomato slices; main course was nothing special (C) CASH-ONLY Accepted: WHO'S HEARD OF A RESTAURANT THAT DOESN'T TAKE CREDIT CARDS!!! I mean, even the tiny village restaurant near Nanjing, China takes my American Express card?! Oh yeah, they do post a tiny, hand-written sign near the entrance that states "Cash & Personal Checks Accepted". C'mon, they take personal checks but not credit cards?!
1_star ok do you guys know that fresh restaurant sells some items GMO I was told that by a watier an i was very mad because I go there all the time.. and I really thought they celebrate more Farmers Market & local market knowing full well the studies done on genetically modified organism will never go back again tks
5_star One of the best sushi restaurants I've dined at in a long time. Would recommend this place to others in a heart beat who are looking for good sushi and rolls!
4_star great pizza and friendly staff great combination, real pizza!!
2_star This review is mostly for the poor customer service at this location. The front of the house almost seems proud that they don't give a crap. While we've gone here before and experienced broken drink glasses and extremely slow responses, tonight was the last straw. The hostess greeted us and we requested a booth. The restaurant was maybe 30% full, plenty of open booths, but she did not offer to seat us there. I assumed they didn't want to use certain sections. Keep in mind, the place was 70% empty. She didn't offer a drink of water or to look at a menu while we waited. No one working there did. Other employees, another server and a bartender, walked by where we were waiting. They actually seemed annoyed by our request. It just seems like with all the competition for restaurants in Vegas, somebody there would want to take our money. Or at least be happy someone walked in on a slow midweek evening. This was the last thing we needed after the broken glass incident. We thought "Let's give them one more chance. " So while tonight wasn't the worst ever, it pissed us off more because the attitudes were so bad.
5_star Ambiance - cannot ask for a more wonderful environment. Service - top-notch! We were all seated a bit before the restaurant even opened up. We were attended to as if we were "special" guests. Having grown up working at my family's resort in the borscht belt (Think "Dirty Dancing"), we all know what it means to have great service and that's what we got. Food - We tried the mussels, which were some of the best we have ever had. Plump, perfectly cooked, large, and a garlic wine sauce you will want to soak up with the bread. Salmon was cooked slightly too much for this med-rare salmon-lover, but was scrumptious just the same. If one of these categories is lacking, it doesn't quite matter how good the other categories are: it takes all 3 to offer a great experience and you will get it here. It is my new go-to restaurant
4_star Chips they serve are amazing! I usually do not like/eat chips - but these are a definite try! We went on an evening, before the dinner crowd. They were not busy, or waitress was attentive, friendly and helpful. They have an extensive beer list....which includes cider! They also offer beer combination "cocktails." I had a burger that was cooked the way I ordered it (medium) and was delicious. The crowd picked up by the time we were leaving. Nice atmosphere. Will come back.
2_star Small overpriced and under seasoned burger. Not worth all the hype. The fries were soggy and my burger was super greasy. I got the "priest" burger, the meat itself was lacking salt/pepper and the "option" was greasy. I prefer 5 guys which is right around the corner.
1_star This used to be a great neighborhood restaurant. What happened? One of the worst dinners we have had in recent years. Lasagna Bolognese was hamburger in a bland béchamel sauce with over cooked rigatoni. Veal Piccata was tough, thin and sparse on mushy egg noodles. Sauce was a very unusual taste. Service was very good as waitress was accommodating and pleasant and order came quickly probably due to no one else being in the restaurant at 6 pm. We will not return.
3_star I love the food. I love the beer. I am baffled as to why the take out is so bad. I called and they left on hold twice till I hung up. When I arrived there was barely anyone there. Awful service.
2_star I've been wanting to try this new place, but I was very disappointed. Enjoyed the environment, but that's about it. Drink was alright; however, the customer service was very poor, probably the worst service in the coffee shop industry. It didn't seem like they wanted to take my order. The two girls didn't greet me and were busy chatting about their personal life. I was standing there waiting for them to take my order. It was a very awkward experience at 8am. The customer experience I had ruined this place for me.
5_star Bomb wings. Great service. Great prices. Need to upgrade the tv's. Feels like happy hour every hour. Great hole in the wall feel and people are extremely friendly. Staff remembers you from your first visit on.
4_star My first omakase experience in Toronto. Tons of fresh fish options and they go the extra mile to educate you on what you're eating. Rice was inconsistent with services in terms of texture and mouth feel. Don't miss your reservation. They wont hesitate to charge you for a missed appointment.
4_star Am I missing something? Went to this place last night having read loads of great reviews. We couldn't have been more disappointed. The place is grimy looking, with an open kitchen that looks like it could use a good cleaning. The staff is indifferent and the food a complete let down. Got there not long before closing - no hours posted so we weren't aware. This was obviously a problem for the staff as they acted like all they cared about was going home. Why didn't they just tell us that they couldn't prepare the food properly due to the kichen closing soon? We would have just come back another time. We ordered the samosa starter - cold in the middle, coconut curry with crispy tofu - was soggy like it came out of a microwave, flatbread pesto pizza - burnt around the edges and cold in the middle. We were reluctantly given a refund, as the food was inedible (in fact they took the curry away and never bothered to bring anything back). And to echo a few others on here - lose the styrofoam and plastic cups and cutlery! How green is your restaurant? Not very. Update 11/15/12 Went back here a few weeks ago, this place has really improved. Best thing was, they're actually using eco-friendly cutlery/cups, etc. Wahoo!
4_star I enjoyed this place very much. I'm not big on BBQ but this changed that. All their sauces were just fantastic. Highly recommend to all
3_star As a kid, I adored Silvioni's. My mother would take me there as we live very close when my father was on business trips. When I look back, I'm pretty sure we went for convenience and not for five-star food. Don't get me wrong, it is an alright restaurant. However, this is nothing special. I know the biggest turn-off for most people's will be that Silvioni's doesn't serve pizza. "What! How could they?" I hear half of you say. I know, i know. The other big thing that will turn you away from Silvioni's is their is a much better Italian restaurant right down the road not 100 yards away. This place is Monticello's, and yes, is does serve pizza. (I might do a review on Monticello's in the future). While the food is decent, you can always count on the service being friendly, you food being made speedy, and a good bar if you want to relax for a drink. To conclude, this place might be the substitute if the nearby Monticello's is too crowded.
3_star We went here because we had a coupons for $10 off a $20 bill (otherwise we would not have come). The food was decent: we had a barbeque chicken burger and a chicken avocado burger. Great fries. It was very distracting that there was a problem with the sound system: the music came on, got louder, and was turned off again. It was also annoying that every other song was a "planet hollywood" themed rap. Given that everything in Vegas is so expensive, with the coupon this was an ok option.
2_star Service is avg to below avg. they didn't bring our drinks until reminded. One of the order was wrong, which was promptly corrected. We asked for 1 mild and 1 hot entree. Both turned out very mild - disappointing. We were mislead by prev reviews. Need to remind myself that most yelpers who review indian restaurant try the meat dishes, which could've better. Disappointed!
5_star Food at Chubby's was excellent we have table 5 and Deni was our waiter priced reasonable and the food was good
2_star When I walked inside I first noticed there were only 5 customers in the place, the tables were dirty and the music was a bit too loud for my taste. I ordered two tacos of pollo asado and carnitas, the meats cold and dry with not much flavor. This was my first time in and it will be the last...With at least five employees in the place they could have tried to clean the tables and chairs during this slow time.
2_star Used to be my local bar with friendly staff. Ive heard its gone down hill since a change of management, big shame.
1_star Filthy, filthy bathrooms. If the bathrooms look like this, then what do you think the kitchen or the fridge or the freezer or the ice machine look like? Should be shut down by the health department - if there is one in Vegas.
1_star The manager screams at customers. Stay away and go to Johnny Rockets in the same food court.
3_star Seafood Station caught my eyes just by one word "Seafood" Since I am a seafood fan, I decided to try it out. When we walked in we were greeted by a friendly welcome. We noticed that their were no tables to sit which was fine because we wanted to take the food home since we don't live very far. The worker explained the menu and also mentioned that they only been open for almost a week. The menu was very simple they offer fried oysters, fried clams, fried shrimp, and anything fried seafood. My bf ordered the fried oysters which came with french fries and Cole slaw. I ended up ordering a soft shell crab roll since I wanted something on the healthy side. The roll was pretty good nothing too special. I did try a bite of the fried oysters, it was pretty good and a decent size.
3_star I'm staying at the hotel and thought I'd try this place. I read the reviews first before going. While the reviews were few and varied I had little options with the snow and lack of vehicle. The service was excellent. The hostess and my server were both sweet and attentive. The food was OK. I had the naan to start. It was just ok. I've found better at Trader Joes. The trio of dips were interesting... Spicy mayo was good although it was an unexpected sauce for naan. The olive tapenade was decent but had a funny aftertaste. I blame the sun dried tomatoes that they mixed in. The hummus was flat and without much personality. I then had the tostada salad. I think that there were many things done right on this plate individually but it didn't come together collectively. Avocado was not ripe and the tostada was more greasy than crispy ( kinda had that rubber thing going on) I guess overall not bad for a hotel, but definitely not worth the price or return if there are other options in the neighborhood. I'm glad I stuck with the basics as it's usually a sign of a restaurants overall performance.
5_star Hmmm... I wonder if our idiot neighbor is stalking us and knows we just ate at taco tijuana - s/he is currently blasting marriachi music in a bizarre coincidence considering where we just ate... at least it isn't heavy metal.... So onto the resto review: Funky small and colourful. ... enjoyed the kitschy art adorning the walls. We did have to wait about 20 minutes for round one (but we expected this wait based on other reviews and went when we had time) but our patience was rewarded with seriously loaded taco on soft tortilla. There are in fact 2 torrillas underneath the fresh pile of yummy.. and we found that splitting the contents between the 2 shells made them easier to eat with our hands (mmmmm). All tacos come served on two (stacked) soft tortillas with fresh avocado, salsa verdi, (onions), and cilantro on top of the main filling. We tried the sausage with cheese, fish, pork and lamb tacos. Having read they can be a little heavy handed on cilantro and onion- I had mine without onion. They did use lots of cilantro - but I love cilantro so it didn't bother me. The fish was nicely deep fried and crispy and the texture was a nice counterpoint to the softness of the taco, avocado and salsa Verdi on top. The lamb was super yummy... flavorful without being over salted or too spicy. (Actually it is refreshing to note that none of the tacos were over salted.) I seriously liked the pork - small chunk instead of ground with nice caramelized brown bits and slightly sweet finish. The cheese and sausage one had gooey melted cheese and a nice ground sausage. You can tell these are assembled fresh on order.... a little slow? Maybe. But worth it. This isn't Taco*barf*Bell. Price (about 3 bucks per taco) versus quality is what gives this place 5 out of 5 for us... despite the (some-might-find-it-a-tad-slowish) inital service of the first round. We did appreciated the fact that they served the tacos in 2 courses instead of all at once. They were perfectly hot this way and not soggy in the least... so Rosa, our waitress, gets bonus points for that. She tried hard to please despite being a little rushed at times. We WADDLED home quite full... having consumed 4 tacos and 2 cokes (love the bottled soft drinks... no soda fountains here) between 2 of us. Next time we will skip the second coke since we didn't finish both (and which is actually almost the price of a taco) and will consider having 3 tacos between us. Add the tip in it will be less than 20 bucks for 2 people. Not a bad price for something fresh tasty and filling. Yep we will be back.
2_star Recently visit Scottsdale Arizona in a long time friend took me to a phenomenal sushi restaurant to my delight the fish was exceptionally frseh the restaurant was great with the exception of this young rude hostshe can't parading her self around our table trying to draw the attention of my male friend throwign her blonde hair back and forth as if she was some type of pageant model
2_star Well....ummmmm....the service was good.....pause....can anyone here tumbleweeds blowing by?..... Had the Beef Brisket Sandwich in the hopes of getting my authentic bbq on...but alas this sandwich was not even passable...It tasted like one of those rib sandwiches you get out of the fridge at a Gas station...not even that good actually...If the Brisket was any indication of the other bbq, then they should try taking a few lessons from The Black Camel...
4_star I'd heard good things about Mr. Jerk but seeing is always believing. I always order the same thing: a curry chicken roti, rice and peas with gravy and a dumpling and the taste never disappoints. The environs are gritty, but when the food can stand on its own like that, it's all good. Dives like this typically have the best food. The curry reminds me of my childhood as does the warmth and friendliness of the owner. One of my favorite things about Mr. Jerk is the motley crew of people lined up inside awaiting their next yummy meal...every colour; every flavor. Now, THAT'S Toronto. A real gem in the city. I would prefer my food be warmer, but I always get take-away so I warm it up again when I get home.
3_star I remember reading about this place a few years ago and we were driving by, I needed water and so we stopped and I ran in. I saw the line up of amazing looking foods! I ran out, grabbed boyfriend and we went in and ordered food! I had a combo with the butter chicken and I think tikka masala (can't remember) now. Everything was great and the meal included naan! Know that you're eating in a fast foody feeling environment, next to a car wash, where you're surrounded by taxi drivers (who clearly know their food). Don't come here for a romantic dinner, come for the great food! Prices are pretty good as well! It's a quick walk from Yonge & Bloor or Bloor & Church streets! Great for late nights - they're open from 11 a.m. to 6 a.m! Mmmm..am hungry thinking about it!
5_star My boyfriend and I are super broke right now, so we're taking advantage of our Groupon credits. We were hungry, and 5 & Diner was one of the Groupon Now! options. I was originally thinking fries and a patty melt when we decided on going there, but when we looked at the menu the breakfast food looked extra delicious, so I went for the waffle with strawberries, and my boyfriend got the country fried steak and eggs and a vanilla coke. As I'm writing this, he asked me to specifically mention that the vanilla coke was super yummy, so I'm doing that now before I forget. (I had a sip, and I can verify that he speaks the truth.) My waffle hit the spot, it was a nice texture and the yummy sweet strawberry topping was just what I wanted. My boyfriend cleared his plate, as well. Our server was super attentive and friendly, and even gave my boyfriend his last refill to go so we could take it on the road with us. All in all, a very positive experience, especially considering this type of diner usually has mediocre food. We'll definitely be returning soon. As a side note, I had been here once before a long, long time ago, and had the patty melt and that was awesome as well. As a side side note, I don't know what the person who said the dining room smells like a bathroom is talking about.
1_star I have lunch at this location once a week. Although today I had the worst service i could imagine. Our server was LEESON, & he/she was the most awful server ever. After bringing us drinks he made us wait 25 minutes before taking our order (we had to call him over.) once my friend called him over he said "girl don't get attitude with me." Once ordering, my friend asked the difference between seasoning and sauce for her wings and he began to yell at her like she was stupid. Still, she still didn't get it, so he began to act like a smart ass and rolled his eyes. At that moment, the tip didn't even exist anymore. After our meal I tipped him but she didn't (her meal was 12$.) He/she later decided to come over to her face saying "Thank you for tipping me, I really appreciate it" with a huge smile while walking away. After calling over the manager, he looked like he truly didn't give a shit about his disloyal employee. So sad to see this happen. Please beg to not have LEESON as your server.
1_star Empty airport at 11:30 pm on a Sunday. Ordered a pizza and was told it would be 15min plus wait. That was fine, I take a seat in the empty dining room to await my pizza and was asked to not sit at the empty tables and to wait outside of the restaurant. Seriously? I questioned them why and they said because you ordered to go. I then ask what if I change my order for here can I now please sit? No was his answer because I did not order at a table. I stepped outside trying to avoid further confrontation and As soon as I did I turn around and he is laughing and pointing at me to another employee. Seriously? I am a paying customer at a empty restaurant. So the next thing I know he invited a small group of also ordering to go inside to have a seat at the bar while they waited for their food. I'm am seriously disappointed. Decided it would be best to abandon the order as I was worried that the friendly staff may have done something to it as they made certain which order was mine and went back to the kitchen with it.
4_star Rachel's Kitchen is a lovely place to eat & enjoy a glass of wine! Great food in a casual environment.
1_star Don't order soup in a bread bowl. You'll end up with a half cup of soup in the bread bowl. Had to buy an extra cup of soup to be able to actually use the bread in the bread bowl. They have gone so far down hill since Panera took over Paradise Bakery.
4_star Tasty food with right amount of spices, nice presentation, friendly staff and ambeince is good.. Goat curry, Andhra chicken, kavathi soup are worth tasting.. Must visit for authentic indian food
5_star This place is way better than I expected. Red beans and rice is phenomenal. The fries are absolutely the best anywhere, super crispy and actual potatoes! This is definitely a great little piece of New Orleans in Las Vegas and a welcome independent experience in Summerlin. Everyone should try this place!
1_star We ordered two pizzas and wings on a Friday night over the phone for pick up. They told us it would be ready in an hour. Sure, it's Friday a busy night so an hour seemed reasonable. My husband showed up an hour later and it was not ready. He had to park illegally because there is absolutely no parking available here and was very worried about the car getting hit. It took another 45 minutes before he actually got the pizza. 1 hour and 45 mins is ridiculously long to wait! They should have cut off orders if they were that overwhelmed! When we tasted the pizza, it was... Okay. The sauce tasted like sugar and the crust was bland. Kinda like the pizza you'd expect from a street vendor at 3am in the South Side. We will never be back and will remain loyal to Krazy Brothers and Molly's Pizza in dormont for now on.
5_star This is great authentic Japanese curry! I have been going here for a while and it is delicious every time. I mainly eat the chicken cutlet or the curry udon. I went to Japan a few months ago and had curry several times while there, specifically Tokyo. Like around Shinjuku and Akihabara. I have eaten here before going to Japan and it was awesome but now that I have been to Japan I can say that it is authentic. It wasn't too far from how delicious the curry was in Japan. The owner is a cool guy too. I think I remember him saying he is from Akihabara. Here in Vegas you probably won't find a Japanese curry as good as here, so take advantage!
2_star This was my 1st time at Durant's and I was expecting a top-notch restaurant from what others have said about the place. The atmosphere is nice but the food and service are just so-so. We ordered the clam appetizer, and we are the types who don't like a lot of added extras like sauce, seasonings, or cheese. The clams were brought out smothered with cheese and tomatoes - yuck! Neither the server or the menu said anything about this. After sending it back twice we finally decided on mussels which were better. The steak was so-so for the price we paid, had a lot of gristle. The chocolate cake dessert was the best part of the whole meal. We left there feeling like we paid a lot of money for mediocre food & service. Many other steak houses in town are less expensive with better food quality.
5_star I love IQ Food! It's my go to spot for a quick healthy and filling lunch. The staff are always super friendly and patient when I can't decide what I want to order (the menu all looks so good!) My favourite is the super sorrell but the 5 star is becoming a new regular order. Definitely recommend stopping in here if you're in the area! Also, the portion sizes are super generous and I often end up saving some for a 3:00 pm snack :)
1_star So disappointed. Went to watch the free movie at 8pm, but then our kids wanted to explore the tree house/slides like after an hour. Kids are NOT allowed here after 9 nor can they explore the jungle gym! WTF! Kids not being allowed in the play area is a crime. You have to be 21 and up after 9. But in the summer, it's hot as balls, so we didnt even want to go there until the sun went down. That leave little to no time until 9! Also, it's smaller than I thought. Good for a few beers and a meal, but not for families. More shit in Vegas not for families.
2_star Service was terrible, food was mediocre at best. Would not choose to return.
2_star Tried the chocolate praline cake. Freshly made, w/ rich chocolate/praline flavor. Downside: HORRIBLE customer service!! Pastry shop cashier refused to give up a plastic cup (for water), claiming that customers may only get one cup per water bottle they buy. Seriously, what's the cost of a single cup?? $0.02?!?! Obviously, customer value is not one of their top priorities.
4_star Didn't really know a reservation was needed. Got to the door and the hostess said there'd be about a 2 hour wait. Luckily someone else stepped up and said there was seating on the patio. The indoor seating was very loud anyways so the patio ended up being perfect. Food and service was good but will definitely remember to make a reservation next time.
5_star My new favourite place for beef noodles! Noodles taste very fresh, beef is tender and tendons aren't too tough or chewy. The broth as well was not too strong or too salty so that made me even happier as the broth everywhere else is excessively salted. As others have said, the smell of stinky tofu emanates from the front door and is overpowering inside but I have gotten used to it. Highly recommend to anyone that love beef noodles and can handle the smell.
3_star Definitely a little neighborhood bar, with the feel that comes with it. But the burgers are made fresh and are served on really good bread, the fries are hot, and the pizza is tasty. The ribeye steak dinner is a good bargain for your money, but be warned it won't be the best steak you've ever had. The wings are large and also tasty. We didn't have bad service, but you can definitely tell there are regulars who probably can take precedence. But you can't beat the bar food for the price.
1_star So sad. The taco salad was a watery bunch of wilted iceberg lettuce topped with a huge pile of cooked onions, a smattering of black beans straight from a can, small gobs of guac, sour cream and a tad of cheese. I literally threw it in the garbage and drove over to Wendy's . Not good, guys.
1_star Very slow.... ice machine was still down, sold me a drink... i was okay with no ice... then was told ice machine was down... paid for soda but ended up with bottled water... 30 minutes for chicken teryaki... wasnt that busy either... light lunch rush
1_star This place is terrible: -chefs constantly like to loudly spit derogatory terms in Chinese -the boss and his friends were smoking inside the restaurant -rude, unattentive service -inconsistent food quality (on the bad side for the most part) -cheated the weights for fish -their steamed rice is rock hard and dry -charged unreasonable prices -delayed our orders
4_star The tikka massala is on point but the Butter Chicken is where it's at! I have tried several Indian food establishments in Charlotte and this is by far the best both for the lunch buffet and the evening service which feature large portions and informative service. Dang now I've gone and made myself hungry :-)
2_star Not very good the waiter kept insisting to order more food than we came for even after we told them no thanks and are in the middle of eating but the food was good came for soup dumplings could be bigger as a real one but it was only 3.25 and a beautiful restaurant
1_star Its funny how people give this place 4 stars and blame the price on the view. View of what? Construction and desert. Oh, it spins? Well that's cool, here's $50. Mediocre at very best. This place is what is wrong with this city. The food is boring and bland, the drinks are fair and overpriced, and the atmosphere is stuffy and overrated. I would suggest trying something new. Come on Phoenix, break the bubble I dare you.
4_star Great combos, good prices, friendly staff! All around first class.
1_star I can't actually comment on the food. I would rate the service as lousy. I waited 20+ minutes for a burrito i had already paid for. I got tired of waiting so I left. There were only two people in front of me and they each ordered a burrito to go. They left in 5-8 minutes so I thought mine should be read pretty soon. I waited another 10-12 minutes. Food never materialized so I split. Maybe I'm just used to Chipotle
1_star Was excited to try a really good burger, but was sadly dissappointed! There were only around 6 customers and it took for ever to take our order, for the burgers to be served and to give us our check. The slowest service I have ever experienced, anywhere. The burgers had absolutely no flavor whatsoever! The buns were dry. We all ordered our burgers medium well, but only one was actually medium well, the others well done. They were the worst burgers I have ever tasted. Would rather have had a Five Guys, or an In and Out!
2_star DISAPPOINTING. Maybe it was because it's a holiday weekend, but the service was very poor... As expected, it took about 30 minutes to be seated, which we were fine with. Our waitress was quick to approach us and we put our orders in 5 minutes after being seated. We then waited...a and waited... and waited. It then took us 35 minutes to get one pan au chocolate. 35 minutes for a single pre-made pastry? Come on! At about 50 minutes in, we asked about the status of our courses. We were then told "o, the chicken and waffles take some time to be made." If it truly takes an hour for them to make chicken and waffles, they should put a warning on the menu. That being said, we saw plenty of other people get their chicken and waffles in under the 1 hour it took us to get ours. We also got a croque madame an hour in that was so-so. By the time our food came we werent' hungry any more. We ate, paid our bill, and left. Of the 2 hours we spent at Bouchon, 1.5 hours were spent waiting. We rarely saw our waitress (although we saw our servers plenty and they were very helpful). That being said, the chicken part of the chicken and waffles is good. Howevere, I do not pay more than $60 for brunch just for good chicken. I expect a better dining experience. I almost would prefer dennys.
2_star As a transplanted Scot, I know good fish and chips. I had the Haddock and Chips. Unfortunately, to keep expenses down and profits up, many fish and chip shops have cut back on the size of the fish portion served and often cover it in thick batter (and serve lots of chips) to hide the paltry portion of fish. The batter here was not thick however, when you fry a really thin filet of fish for too long, you get a rubbery chewy piece of fish and that is what was served. Had the portion been thicker, the crispy batter and acceptable chips would have complemented the dish instead of being the highlight of the meal. I've had better and will continue to look for the ultimate Toronto chippy.
1_star My family and I went at 2:00 on a Sunday. We had to wait about 5 min at the door for someone to help us, even though many staff members walked past us. It seemed that since they closed at 3, the staff were more focused on completing their side work and going home, then dealing with customers. After we were finally sat it took so long (at least 20 min) before we were able to order. Once our food came 40 min after that, it was horrible, but the waitress never came back to check. They forgot one of my daughters food, I had to hunt someone down to go back and check and get it. By the time it came the rest of us were pretty much done. My other daughter kept saying her pancakes tasted weird. I flipped them over and they were completely burnt, like black, on the other side! I had a burger done medium, and it was horribly burnt and beyond well done. I can't believe they would let food out of the kitchen like that! I had to go to the hostess stand to get more napkins and again to ask for drink refills. A waitress never came around except to drop off our bill and kept walking. I found a staff member and asked to speak to a manager. The staff asked why and I told her my complaints. She said I should have told my waitress, I explained that she was no where to be found and I had to seek staff to get our food that never came, to get napkins, and to get drinks. She went to get the manger. After 10 min of waiting and being told she was on the phone and would be right out, our waitress appeared with a bill with 15% off. The manager didn't want to talk to me and decided to take 15% off my bill was how they were going to handle customer service issues. I will never go back to this place. Even with the %15 off, our bill was over $40 for 4 people. Terribly overpriced, horrible/non-existent service, and horrible food!
1_star I am so upset this is the third time ive gone to this del taco, ordered a bean cheese deluxe burrito and barely get any lettuce, barely any tomatoes, this time zero tomatoes, and now put in random french fries gross... I even said id pay extra for the lettuce n tomato n sour cream and still i get a fail compared to the one i got when the big boss or owner was there after the wind storm
2_star Had the chili cheese fries. Was disappointed. The cashier didn't know the menu at all. Husband had a burger. One of the staff members said he would bring us mustard and forgot.
1_star EEEEEEEWWWWWWW GROSS CITY ..AS MA DUKES WOULD SAY.! food is absolute garbage...yet everytime i still go again n again.....most likely just because i was being lazy and our V.I.P. card lets u walk to the front and get right in.. so free n quick plus the free beer n wine are another plus...... not the vegas buffet expierience you are expecting... if u wanna clear out your pipes go ahead and give it a shot....... MAY THE POO BE WITH YOU
5_star Ask for the Chicago style spices on your pepperoni pizza!! It will blow your taste buds!!
4_star I love this place better than Monta but please stop Yelling to every customer when they come in or when they leave "annoying voice ever"!!!!
5_star Great place amazing service, the staff is on point in all aspects. Ask for "Augi " he's the best!!!
4_star Pulcinella pizza is so good! My favourite pizza in Calgary by far. The atmosphere is alright: bright with neat photos. But it's a little too loud for my taste and a bit too expensive to come to all the time. It's a lovely treat to order take out and have fancy pizza at home like regular pizza.
5_star This was our first time dining in and we loved everything. The service was great, very fast and servers are very nice and advised us what's most popular on a menu when asked. We had fried dumplings, pork bone kimchee soup and teriyaki beef. Everything was very fresh and with lots of flavor. We'll be back. thanks a lot, guys!
1_star One of the worst restaurant experiences we've ever had. Waited almost an hour for food. When we asked if they could check into it or bring kids food waitress was rude and dismissive. We left without getting our food and with very cranky kids. I would not recommend this place to anyone.
1_star My first time there with the family two weeks ago. There were five of us in one small table next to the restroom. We waited for an hour and only ice water came out. Seriously, how long does it take for the cook to make 5 bowls of pho??? The worse part was that the waiter didn't even try to come by and let us know that they're way behind. Unacceptable! I will tell all of my friends and other family member not to come to this place. We went to Kim Long and the wait were well worth it!
1_star We recently went to Zink at Southpark for a birthday dinner. I have previously been to both dinner and brunch at the uptown location and thought the food was excellent. Unfortunately our most recent visit was far from exceptional. Our waitress Ellie was fantastic but the chef left little to be desired. The lobster Mac and cheese was completely dry the first time we received it. After sending it back it was then watery and the lobster was rubbery making the dish basically inedible. It tasted as though they added some sauce to our first dish and reheated it in the microwave to warm it up. You should never have to chew on lobster for 30 seconds to eat it. One us got salmon that was cooked well but the risotto was bland and not creamy. To top it all off both steaks we ordered were not cooked at the proper temperature. The only saving grace was the bacon wrapped meatloaf with braised short rib which was great. Overall it was a disappointing meal for a special occasion and we will not be coming back.
2_star Surprised and disappointed to see that they now charge a service fee to patrons who pay with credit cards. This is only posted on one tiny card at the front. Should have turned around and walked out, but instead, because I was with a couple of friends, decided to stay. The food quality has declined, the service was mediocre at best, and they are even chintzy with the paper towels in the restrooms. In the very competitive restaurant market in Charlotte, Terrace should be bending over backwards to provide excellent customer service. My friends and I won't go back. Get with the times, Ralph Meranto, Director of Operations!
2_star Ok , I know some people are gonna disagree with me, but I was so disappointed in Jesse's Pizza. After reading the Yelp reviews my husband and I (both NY natives) couldn't wait to try this place. When we pulled up and went into the small take out style pizzeria, the smell had our mouths watering. They had a great special going, $5.01+tax for a 16 inch cheese pizza. We bought 2 pies and went home to enjoy. To our dismay , the crust was tough, there was not enough sauce and cheese on the pie... and the taste was average. Don't get me wrong, its not terrible and for $5 its not a bad deal. However NY style pizza "it ain't"! Its thin, buts the sauce & cheese distribution on the crust is insufficient and the pie is not even greasy! If you know NY style pizza, then you know about flavor factor of the grease. When you fold a slice of NY style pizza in NY.....the grease drips on your paper plate. If you want NY style pizza.....keep looking. I'm just sayin!
1_star I must say, I expect that a steakhouse would know the difference between a steak cooked medium and one cooked medium rare. Unfortunately they do not. I ordered a steak at medium, and it came medium rare..then they brought it back and it was well done. Ok, lets try again, second time around they made the same mistake. At that point I lost my patients and had to leave. I been at many Ruth Chris restaurants and I expect the best in customer service and in the best cooking quality. When the general manager came over to apologize, he was being extremely rude and consenting. I felt very disrespected as a customer. When I go to a restaurant with high standards such as Ruth Chris i expect great foods and great customer service. I left feeling disappointed and upset that one of my all time favourite restaurant is now one that I will bare to go to. I enjoy a perfectly cooked steak. I was just recently at Surur Lees restaurant, and ordered the filet and it was perfect! I will definitely go they're next time I have a steak fix (not a steakhouse called Ruth Chris).
4_star Great service. Good food. Monster portions and a menu that goes on forever. Just your typical Cheesecake Factory.
2_star My family of four ate dinner at Bink's Scottsdale on 12/21/13. We arrived around 5:30 p.m., and although the restaurant was only 1/3 full, it took awhile for our server to come to our table after we were seated. We ordered a carafe of wine, which at $25, was a little pricey. It shouldn't take long for wine to be poured, but again, for some reason it seemed to take awhile for drinks to be served. I ordered the grilled octopus appetizer and the sweet onion tart, my husband ordered the arugula salad, on son ordered the baby back ribs appetizer, and our other son ordered the butternut soup. When the appetizers were delivered to the table, the sweet onion tart was missing. I pointed it out and it turns out our server failed to enter it into the system. The baby back ribs (4 total for $8), which we all split, were disappointing. The sauce was tasty, but the ribs were tough and had very little meat. In fact, I gave up trying to saw anything off mine. The octopus was the biggest disappointment. It was extremely charred and overcooked to the point that it was nearly as tough as the ribs. The arugula salad and soup were good, according to my sons. When the onion tart ($7) arrived, it was small...probably only three inches in diameter. The entrees were extremely small servings for the price paid. I understand that local sourcing of highest quality ingredients can be expensive, but I just don't get how a restaurant can charge $21 for a pork belly entree that is literally a little bigger than perhaps a king size candy bar. Even worse, the pork belly was braised with capers, mushrooms and beans...a very strange combination that didn't work together. My 13-year-old son had the duck breast ($22), which was good, but consisted of approximately six to seven bites. Our total bill without the carafe of wine was $150. Even after ordering appetizers and entrees, we left hungry. This restaurant doesn't live up to the hype and billing that the Binkley name has received.
1_star Last night around 8pm ( 7/20/17 ) I picked up a New York Dog, a Chicago Dog and a medium fry from the Drive-Thru ( Cheyenne). They tasted great but later at 3am they were not that great. I woke up with painful stomach cramps, excessive gas and continuous liquid bowel movements. By 6am the worse was over and I was able to get back to sleep without soiling my bed. Throughout this ordeal the stench of rancid opinions was overwhelming ( New York Dog ) which reminded me of how tart the sauerkraut was that also accompanied the NY Dog. Was it the opinions, was it the sauerkraut? Who knows, maybe it was both!!!
1_star Been there twice since it opened. Tried about 10 dishes on the menu. I thought it was going to be better the 2nd time, but NOT! Really way over priced for what you get. Nothing really impressive. They spend a lot of money on wait staff..they are very quick to take away your dishes, even when you are not even done. You wait a long time between dishes...so few of us in the party just sat and watched while others ate their dinner plate. What a mess! If you want to spend that much money, go to Zebra next door and get better food. Or spend less and go to Yama or Cowfish! Will not go back again.
4_star We went for lunch and got there about 11:30. No one was there except the owner Dan. Since we were early he was able to tell us about his business and his passion for making great pizza and other pasta dishes. He kept us mesmerized with his story of starting his pizza shop and his passion of making award winning food. Great food and an enjoyable owner. I live in West Newton so it takes awhile to get to Castle Shannon. I will be back this time on Sunday when his mom makes her gnocchi. Dan said to me when we're out we're out. So get there early. To bad he is not in Westmoreland county. Love Franco's.
3_star The Good Egg was a good place for a fast breakfast. Food was ok and the service was courteous and attentive!
4_star I came here the other day with some friends. I'm not one to go to these little coffee shops, but I'm so glad I did! I ordered an iced chai tea latte, delicious! I loved everything about it. The food wasn't the best in my opinion, but I can't complain about anything else!
4_star I'm not a party person, kinda a homebody actually. But I enjoyed this place a lot. The music was loud and fun, the atmosphere was great and the waiters were prompt. Not a bad experience in my book.
5_star What a wonderful treat to eat at Bouchon in Vegas. This is not a cheap place to go, but worth it if you're looking for a nice night out. I especially like that the service is very good but not uppity. Incredibly tasty food. The portions aren't huge, just the right size. I really don't think you can go wrong on the menu. There are standards like roasted chicken for the less adventurous, and things like a octopus salad if you want to try something new. All very delicious.
5_star Great place for sweets and coffee! Beautiful cafe and street. Would definitely go there again
5_star Excellent! Very fresh and delicious. It's a hole in the wall but don't let that scare you from getting it out.
5_star Great mom and pop joint. Stopped in on the way to the airport for late lunch. Pizza by the slice was great and by copilot really enjoyed his steak and cheese hogie...made me wish I had ordered one. Stop in a support your local non-chain restaurant!
5_star i highly recommend the duck agadashi its very very good
3_star It's on the 3rd floor of the Forum shops, a little stuffy and haughty, but what can you expect? We popped in for lunch, around 1:30pm. If you like attentive service, that would be the perfect time to go. There were exactly 4 other customers in the restaurant...despite the few customers, there was a hostess, a waiter, a water guy, an appetizer/plate clearing guy, 2 sushi chefs, and a manager. No wonder a vegetarian roll is $14! Great view of the strip from the booths, and the decor was modern, comfortable and elegant (think low backed leather couches and natural materials). My sweetie and I had the Chef's sushi combo, a Harvest roll (skip it), and the spicy tuna roll. All of the fish was like butter (yellowtail, salmon, tuna, shrimp). Really fresh, better than some I've had here at home on the the west coast. I had a cocktail called the Tokyo Cooler--a very delicious, refreshing, dangerous cocktail. I could have gotten prom-night drunk on those, no prob. Rolls were $13-26 (approx 4 pieces)each, sashimi $13-24 for 4 pieces. Handrolls $6. All in all we spent $55 on lunch. We were satiated--not overly so--I wanted to save room for gelatto.
1_star Horrible customer service. Screwed up My order, initially refused to offer a refund or discount. And the owner lied to me On the phone. My correct order came almost 2 hours after I ordered and the owner felt it was fair to charge me Full price! Was eventually able to get a refund through eat24... If I could post zero star I would. Actually being lied to by the owner should be negative 5 stars
3_star Ok, slightly above average food but in my mind a bit pricey for what you get. I think they are trying too hard to be upscale when what they could be is a solid, neighborhood place. That said the food is pretty good as long as you stick with the red sauce. Any olive oil based sauces have been underwhelming. Has potential, just needs a few adjustments.
3_star Im only reviewing based on drink specials We had 6 margartias on the rocks, they tasted pretty good actually! N they were only 5 bucks each , happy hour is monday to thursdays (less busy days duhh) 3pm to 5 pm. Doubt i cant find better deal in vegas! Cool place.
3_star Our group found our steaks to have too much fat to meat ratio, which was a bit disappointing, however the sides were out of this world. The beef Wellington is what you want to order here.
5_star The best fresh oven baked bread I ever had anywhere in AZ, if you want traditional food and bread in east valley, besides Persian Room, you should definitely check this place out. Chicken kababs, curries and etc. is phenomenal here! The food is like homemade and traditional, you would feel like you're sitting in a restaurant in Delhi, not on Chandler blvd lol
3_star The portions were small, and it was more expensive than we expected. The food was very delicious. We also ordered garlic shrimp appetizer, which was 10 bucks for 6 small pieces of shrimp. It tasted good bit not worth the price.
4_star Went for Karaoke on Tues/Weds night 8 pm. We went "early", not knowing how the set-up was. Sat at the bar, bartender seemed "aloof" and annoyed they he had to serve drinks. We did not tip him at all. We then moved to the seating around the bar area which was getting crowded. Service was a tad slow, but OK. The bigger room was closed off for a private party at 6pm. We thought this party was going on all night, but actually ended at 8. However, no signs telling anyone of this. So the Karaoke guy shows up at a few minutes before 8 and seems pissed off that I'm asking him his procedure. You know, like sign in sheet, or internet choices etc ? Every Karaoke is different. So, anyway, Karaoke gets going and I'm 2nd up and was great, Excellent sound system screens etc. Only got to sing 2 songs because everybody and their brother starts coming in and gets to sing immediately, so rotation keeps getting pushed back. We will be back in June again. Waitresses dressed in Bikinis with chaps seems a little corney, and mechanical bull is really corney, especially with 50 something lardos mounting up.
2_star Fried wontons was a 1 Star..i gave Orange Chicken and braised tofu a 2 1/2 stars..service was ok. Over all it was médiocre food..
3_star If you live greater than 5 miles from here, strongly recommend not ordering delivery, as it will likely take quite some time to arrive. The food was good, however there were large items missing from my order.
5_star The Tonkatsu I have been searching for. So good It seriously brought a tear to my eye. Such friendly service as well.
1_star I was at Oliva's this evening with an acquaintance and within 5 min after we had paid our waiter came to the table to tell us the restaurant was expecting a large number of reservations and to please hurry up. Only half the restaurant was occupied and there was absolutely no one waiting to be seated. I have never been told that by a waiter before in my life nor have I ever felt so unwelcome.
5_star Jose is my favorite bartender. The food is awsome!! So far the ribeye, butterfish, grilled cheese and corn beef and hash have been to die for.
1_star We were optimistic for Sunday Brunch based on four overall Yelp stars, but this ended up being one of our worst dining out experiences. Ever. I ordered the crab cakes Benedict, and I didn't know you could make crab taste bad, but they did. It was dry, old, and chewy. The hollandaise wasn't bad, but there was so little of it you almost didn't know it was there. I ordered a side of grits for $2.50, figuring they'd be worth the hefty price tag, but they were stale, tasteless, and so old and overcooked they were just a homogenized mush. It was a disgrace to one of the South's most sacred dishes. Service was almost nonexistent. I had to ask another waitress for a refill of water because we never saw ours after we were seated. Bonus? The waitress of the adjacent table sprayed cleaner in my direction, splashing me with chemicals that, judging by the immediate burning sensation, weren't meant to be applied directly to human skin. All in all, the tab was skyrocket high for the quality, what service there was came with a frown or a spritz of chemicals, and we won't be back.
2_star Not impressed. Advertised happy hour, all day, every day with $5.00 wine and beer (sitting at the bar only) If you don't want to drink at the bar, depending on the wine you chose, it can be $10.00. Double the price???really?? I did not see prices on the wine menu. The Sicilian Salad was not very substantial. There wasn't much of the few ingredients it had in it. The lump of pureed olives in the middle did not look very appetizing. It overpowered the salad and it did not sit well with me the rest of the night. Maybe I just chose the wrong things.
3_star I decided to write a short review this time because prior to this visit, I have not had a good experience but I am certainly not one to pass up free food and since I have never had to pay, it was all okay. However, I ordered the Cobb salad today and for 8.95, it's not all that bad! It was fresh, the dressing was better than expected and for a miserable dieting person like myself, it was nice to have a healthy portion of a healthy meal. Since we get a monthly mailer for free food (thanks to my boyfriend) I will definitely have this salad again in the future. The only thing that would have given it one more star would have been avocado.
1_star The food's taste is never consistent. They never follow instructions. If you ask for your food to be spicy number 8, some days it will be too spicy or for the most part it's not spicy at all. For the $$, they be able to deliver consistency in their food and make it the right way. Over priced for nothing!!!!!! Definitely not fine dinning. Even though they try to be....
5_star This is the place if u like to pic out!!!! I'm Korean my self it's very hard to find good Korean Restrunt in Arizona! I will recommend this place to anyone like to enjoy food. I will recommend all my friend. "GOGI" means in Korean is Good Meat.
2_star Food quality is not what it use to be, we had nachos and the stew. Been going here every Jan for 5 years, don't know if we will be back.
5_star This and Mothership Coffee Roasters are my 2 favorite places in Las Vegas! I especially love the spicier lattes on the menu. All good is Fair Trade- very important to me
4_star Came for a Thursday brunch. Ordered spiced pear oatmeal with a side order of pancake. Portion of side order pancake is actually good enough for a small appetite stomach. If one thinks Mildred's buttermilk blueberry pancake is awesome, I'd suggest come to Emma before making that conclusion. Glad it had moved to current location. More space. Staff are all friendly and attentive.
3_star I was on my way to Vegas and decided to Yelp for a good Japanese restaurant - that's how we ended up at Ichiza..... just to cut the story short- i ordered yellow tail sashimi, miso butterfish, chicken and chicken gizzard yakatori, crunchy roll, Udon and tuna tofu salad. The yellow tail sashimi was alright and it seems like its local yellow tail but for 8.95 the price is okay. The miso butterfish is wayyyyyyy tooo salty so i really did not like it at all. The yakatori was also OK. I would recommend tuna tofu salad but again, its a bit too salty as well. I don't think i would visit again.....
4_star The perfect lunch spot indeed! Friendly staff that seem genuinely happy to see me every time I visit. The menu consists of everything you could ask for in a lunch setting (hot and cold sandwiches, soup, dogs and seafood!). It's just a quick drive from my office, so I usually frequent a few times a month. I'm always able to grab a table even when the place seems packed! And bonus points for the awesome pic they have hanging up of past NBA greats getting their grub on. #whatdude?
3_star My friends and I had dinner last night here, its been over 2 years since we been here and this place had gone under major renos. The place looks more opened and less cluttered. Our food came out really fast and it was decent quality for AYCE. We felt like we were being rushed while we were eating, that's the one thing I didn't really enjoyed. Didn't really get to try everything on the menu because they were closing the kitchen. Their menu has pretty good in selection and the desserts were better than most AYCE sushi places. This place is worth the try and if your going in large group of friends book the teppanyaki table.
2_star Waiting line is long and food are ok if you like regular chinese food. I think nothing special.
3_star Burger was decent but not great. There are so many options at the Venetian it would be tough for me to go back here. Was hoping for a great burger, got a decent one. The service from the bartenders on the other hand was great.
2_star The octopus appetizer was phenomenal. After that it was down hill. My lamb chops were over cooked and my friend's steak was shoe leather with ice cold onions on top.
5_star Great local, family owned sandwich shop. Food is good, and prices are very reasonable. Also, they have a great vegetarian sub, which is uncommon for sandwich shops. Definitely a 4th Ward must try.
4_star Always quick and great late night customer service. The staff is helpful and engaging
5_star Yum! A trendy joint in the old downtown area. The breakfast was amazing! The veggie scramble was made with goat cheese and very tasty. The cinnamon roll however was old and looked like a huge dry crouton!
4_star This is an outstanding sushi place in Vegas. I cannot compare the quality to $$$$ sushi place but at reasonable price($26) with the great neta to rice ratio, this is a 4 star for me. Well, simply all you can eat sushi is not recommended generally speaking, and its poor selection and robot made like sushi is just out of discussion. This place, however, four sushi chefs are working so hard like humming bird and you can eat premium such as uni, amaebi, fatty salmon too on top of regular one and appetizers (those premiums are one order only though). After you try all others, one time premium sushi is just fine for me. Fifth star could be by adding some basic selection I usually can find such as Aji or Kohada, and due to the speedy preparation, the rice isn't treated well sometimes. Fall apart before you put it in mouth... But you don't get all at the price, right? The price is without drink. All menu food items are included! I'm happy to go there again.
2_star I went with my family here last night. We are burger people so we were pretty excited to try a new place. As we walked in we noticed how nice it looked from their remodel. We used Nowait so we didn't have to wait at all when walking in. We sat at a nice large booth and it was quite comfortable. We ordered 2 beers, 2 mixed drinks and 2 waters. We got the beers, mixed drinks with the wrong liquor and no waters. We then waited for the waitress to come back to let her know we had the wrong drinks and no water. She brought back the correct mixed drinks and apologized but still no water. We then all ordered make your own burgers. I will say they did have a nice selections of toppings. There was one thing on the sheet we noticed so we asked the waitress about it. We are big burger people and with that being said we enjoy our burgers juicy and cooked medium rare- medium. The waitress told us that they only make their burgers medium well to well done. We were then pretty disappointed because it never tastes as good over cooked. Well we were right, the burgers were nothing special at all. One person even said they would rather have a McDonald's burger then what they had. The fries were good ( curly and Cajun). To me the whole thin burgers all cooked the same and stacked it just lazy. Everyone wants a big juicy burger cooked to their liking. With that being said, the burger competition is quite large in the Pittsburgh area and we will more than likely not go back here. If we do it would be for the beer selection and chicken or apps. I will likely drive 10 mins away to either Burgatory or BRGR. They have much better burgers and you can get it cooked how you like it.
1_star First let me try to say something nice . . . um . . . hmm. Well, the drinks are cheap. We paid $6.50 for a vodka soda and a Heineken. Now on to the bitching. Do not eat here. I am a fool. No matter how appetizing bar food may seem at the moment, you don't want theirs. I ate over 2 hours ago, and my stomach ache has yet to find an upper limit. It just keeps getting worse. Ugh. Did you see that? Before I could even finish this review, I just ran off to the bathroom and violently vomited. I'm in hell right now. I don't think it's food poisoning. My boyfriend and I shared our turkey club sandwich and onion rings, and he's okay. They probably just never clean out their fryer, or something I mean, the food tasted alright (the first time around, not the second!), but I will never go back now. Not even for a drink. Oh, and the bartender was surly as hell. Yes, dear we aren't regulars. And with that attitude, you have assured that we never will be. Do. Not. Want.
2_star Extensive selection but portions are small. Bring your own silverware because you'll never find a knife, if you're lucky you'll get a fork. I had to eat my pork tenderloin with 2 forks.
4_star Really good food.. The moist brisket, sausage and potato salad were amazing. Chicken wasn't bad. Bread tasted like homemade but butter could have been softer. Affordable bbq in a fun setting.
1_star Posted some photos from the experience my wife and I had yesterday at Paramount - Heartland location, you be the judge. We were there at 5pm, it wasn't busy at all. The food served to us wasn't fresh, I am so disappointed and I felt cheated when I saw the condition of the food which was served to us. I am not a difficult customer and I don't create a scene either but since yesterday I can't forget the worst experience I have had and the upset stomach. There were pieces of chicken skin fat in my shawarma platter and the salad was stale, the fattoush salad we order didn't have the crispy chunks of fried pita it comes with. Small portions with lots of stale fries , is this what you call fine foods?! The service was extremely slow, we had to look for someone to give us more pita bread. The restaurant wasn't busy at all, we clearly mentioned our table number to the server and she ended up serving the bread at another table. I spent most of time time scavenge through our order and left with plates full of old food which seemed microwaved. $45 for two platters and fattoush salad.
1_star My gf and I walked in and sat ourselves as there was no one greeting or welcoming us in. We sat unattended by anyone for about 5-10 minutes until finally the bartender came to our table. Thinking she was going to be uber sweet and apologetic for the wait considering there were probably only 5 people inside the spacious bar at the time- she actually rudely said "ok I'm going to have to see IDs because you look too young to be in here." We showed the woman our IDs and she said "alright what can I get you then?" I asked for a Dr Pepper because I wanted to see some sort of food or drink menu to choose something I wanted. She said they didn't serve anything that wasn't booze which was fine so I just asked for a water thinking she would bring us menus next. She took a long time to bring us water then left us for a long break again after dropping off our waters... Still no sign of a menu anywhere. Waiting for another 10 minutes. We got so bored waiting for any kind of good customer service we just left. A pretty terrible experience here. Don't waste your time.
5_star I love this place so much. The staff are always super friendly and helpful and the menu is constantly being updated with new delicious vegan options. My favourite go-to is the tuna-less salad, but the eggless egg salad comes in at a close second. Will keep coming back until I've tried everything! Always a pleasure coming to YamChops.
1_star The food is horrible and the service worse. Not bad people, just not very capable. Slow and 'Houdini-like'. The food itself is very average.....typically the TK chains have cute girls behind the bar... This place is all dudes in skirts. Don't waste your money here
3_star Only came here for desserts once and had a cheesecake - didn't have much expectations for it but it was soo good ! Super moist and creamy. The whole restaurant was really well decorated and the waitress was extremely polite. Will definitely be back for a full meal
4_star First stop on a mini food tour of the Container Park. We tried the Classic Cheffinis (grilled frank, onions, tomatoes, jalapenos, mozzarella, crushed potato chips, pineapple sauce, mustard, mayo and ketchup) except we had them leave off the jalepenos. Just reading this list, the two that seemed unusual where the potato chips and pineapple sauce. I'd never had potato chips on a hot dog like this, but I was completely confident they would work great. But, I admit that I had some doubt about the pineapple sauce. I shouldn't have. The sweet tanginess blended perfectly with other flavors. They also earn bonus points for free refills on the lemonade.
1_star Bourbon Jacks: I responded to your message over a week ago. Hi Jeff, thank you so much for taking the time to respond to my review. I'm sorry that I didn't get back with you before today. I visited Bourbon Jack's on February 7th about 730pm. I understand things don't always go right in a business, I know being in a new restaurant compounds any problem you may have until you work out the kinks. However, my biggest issue was the lack of empathy or care by our server. We had items delivered to our table wrong, we had an entire entree not delivered, and then we noticed our bill was wrong. Not once did it click with our server to either fix this problem or address. What normally happens when you deliver food to three out of the four people at the table? Wouldn't you say, "Hey, let me check on what's missing?". Our waiter did that, 10 minutes later and then proceeded to nonchalantly say, "We don't have that - the kitchen is out." He didn't apologize for this happening. Normally, I would expect the staff to say, "I'm so very sorry, but it appears that we are out of this item. What would you like instead?". He didn't even bother with making sure that my friend ordered again. How does that even occur? After my friend had to ask for a menu so he could order, a long while later, he did get his food. We waited until he ate and then asked for the check. We were surprised when the check came that it was as much as it was (a little over 165.00 - I don't know that your drink prices are very clear) and also that there were items incorrectly listed on our check. We brought this up to our waiter, who stated that is what we ordered. Listen, I've worked long enough to know that the customer is not always right but you should at least try to hear what they have to say and then work it out without being dismissive. We were initially going to the White Chocolate Grill for my birthday dinner and I feel so bad that my friends went to Bourbon Jacks under my suggestion to avoid the wait and then they treated. I do have to say that I've always tipped even the poorest of service but I was so flabbergasted by his attitude we didn't leave him a tip. I NEVER do that. I hope that can illustrate the frustration we felt that night. Again, thank you so much for responding. P.S. On a positive note - we all ordered different things but I do have to say your Burger was really good.
1_star Perhaps the worst falafel in the world . Super dry and barely eatable . We had to throw away most of it. Also they charge extra for dips . Seriously
4_star The Ossington Massive .. That's all I can say!! It delicious with everything you could possible crave for breakfast at 2 am or anytime for that matter!! 24 hr place in a decent area in Toronto with good service at night time, maybe not so much in the weekends! Especially Sunday for brunch! I wouldn't go.. But all the other times it's really good.. And the servers are funny and friendly, even share a few stories with you! But all in all the food is great, for dinner food at anytime, don't think you can get better than this! I also recommend the poutine and the pancakes with strawberries, as well as the milkshakes. Totally delicious, like chocolate with Oreo and Irish cream!! The bomb!! Thanks Lakeview,
2_star The first time I went there, it took almost 20 minutes to get our food. The guy took the order and then went back and cooked the food. The second time I called ahead and the guy was rude and sarcastic. I really like Schlotsky's food, but their customer service needs help.
4_star We had the short ribs with polenta and green beans and they were outstanding. Service was okay - nothing to brag about.
2_star Quite possibly the biggest rip off in town. Small patties not even cooked to order since they're so thin. Nothing buns. Big, big prices. To make matters worse it's louder than loud. Probably all the 4-6 year olds coming from the children's pottery store next door. Nice waitresses though. But man are these price tags a joke. Plus, fries or onion rings are $5-7 extra. Why? I guess it's because they can. But not to me. At least not again.
4_star The food is good but.... the guy that takes the order looks miserable he looks like he cant wait to go home at least the food is good.
5_star Such an amazing spot! The manager truly goes above and beyond with the amazing customer service they provide. The vibe is chill, and is such a great place for a date, meeting or study sesh. The food is all home baked and the overall place just gives you a comfortable, relaxed vibe. Highly recommended!
1_star Seriously deteriorated. We've lived in the hood for 12 years and used to get take out quite frequently. Last night we tried them again. The order took 40 minutes when we were told 15-20. When I asked if they had started cooking it when I arrived to pick it up the surly waiter told me that it took 40 minutes to actually cook the meal. (really, I cook chicken parm at home in much less than 40 minutes). I asked him then to tell us 40 minutes next time if it really takes that long and he informed me that then our meal would be waiting and cold?? There will be no next time, this place is horrible. The neighbourhood has changed and it's no longer the only show in town.
5_star Ok, it's a Chipotle Mexican Grill. It's exactly like all the others, and the menu is the same. That being said, it is inside a mall, and has a reasonably large and clean seating area outside the restaurant in the concourse. The food was good, and the staff was efficient and served promptly and hot. It is possible to get some variability in the freshness of the food and cleanliness of the location of course, and on both points this location was great. The only reason I'm adding my review here, since I don't think every single Chipotle needs a review, is that it was one of my best meals in Vegas. The last time I was in Vegas it seemed a little easier to find something vegan. Especially in some of the $100+ per person restaurants, I'd expect the chef to be a bit more accommodating. Anyway, two thumbs up (and five stars!) for finding a Chipotle convenient to my hotel, the Palazzo.
2_star Brazz was really disappointing. I was excited for the salad bar thinking it would be similar to Chima and Texas de Brazil. Instead it was worse than Ruby Tuesday. One of the dishes was a half piece of salami with a piece of cheese that looked like a Kraft single that was an inch by an inch. The service was slow and they never brought the chimichurri sauce or bread to our table. The decor is really out dated and just feels like a cheap chain restaurant.
5_star Thisi is the best cheesteak place EVER! We see him set up shop every year at san genero as well and with all that other food around still end up buying from him!!!! #1 They have cheese whiz which alotta places dont Yumm the steak is always tender perfectly cooked. I have had almost every combination of sandwhich possible. They are just number one for me and my fiance, he proposed on our 2nd anniversary there we go every year for our little memorable meal together!!!!! Sweet potato frys are delicious we always get a double order of the mushrooms and the zuchinni is good as well. Definately a place to go if you want a really good cheese steak!!!! O yea they have tasty cakes!!!!!!!!yummmmm!
2_star The country pad Thai was delicious. Quick and pleasant service. Very quiet atmosphere at 4:00 on a Sunday. 4 other people in the restaurant and had to whisper. Not very intimate. Nothing special.
4_star Solid experience. Fried green tomatoes Lemon-herb salmon (potato salad/beans) (Fried okra/Mac& cheese) The beading for the tomatoes was excellent, and remained crispy fat longer than I expected. The salmon was nicely visited on the edges, while remaining flavorful. The Mac& cheese could have been a little cheesier, but I'm spoiled by the store bought ones. The okra was AMAZING. The beans and cornbread were alright, but combined, they were wonderful. The potato salad was a bit creamier than I preferred, but this scratched my itch for that home-cooked flavor. Worthwhile.
2_star Decent food, it reminded us of wedding catering and the interior was pretty generic. It's not terrible, but not really worth the price or trip.
2_star I was not impressed with this place. My mother had the shrimp which was pretty good, but I had a bruschetta pizza, and it was insanely salty. I actually put a lot of salt on my food and it was too much even for me. We did not get bread with our meal although everyone else seemed to. I ordered a glass of wine and I could tell that the bottle had been open for too long. The waiter that was serving us went home half way through the meal. The pie was from a freezer and cold. We ordered regular coffee but it was made with an espresso machine and was far too strong!
3_star The FEZ angus burger was so good, but I was pretty sad about the bad service, so u need to be patient. But i would say it's a great place for late night bites with friends.
2_star I came here for lunch and was rather disappointed with both the service and the food. We were a large party of 8, but the restaurant was not very busy and service was still slow. The waitress had to be asked multiple times to bring napkins, etc.. and didn't really check in. Even getting the check and getting out was slow. The food took a long time to come out. I had the pulled pork tacos and was very disappointed. They were SO greasy and didn't have a ton of flavor. I got the "bottom of the barrel" fries, which did not impress either. I wanted to like this place, but would not recommend it based on my experience.
2_star I'm very disappointed in this Dickey's location. I have been to the one in Scottsdale, and the service and food was always amazing. This one, however, I am less than impressed with. I have been on 2 separate occasions, both times ordering different options to go. The food, as usual was really good. The preparation was awful. The first time, the pulled pork sandwiches were wrapped so poorly that the food spilled out into the bag when I had to move one to make room in the bag for extra sauces. Now, not really a big deal, just a minor annoyance since it wasn't a total loss. The second time, same issue. The westerner was packaged very poorly and placed in the bag UPSIDE DOWN!! Seriously now?! Didn't find that out until we got home and started to unpack the bag of food. Not only was that an issue, but the westerner ordered - the Racetrack, was not made as it was supposed to be. It was missing the cabbage slaw. Again ... seriously? It wasn't a difficult order, 3 sandwiches and 2 sides, so I can't blame it on forgetfulness due to a large order, and the restaurant wasn't busy (no line behind me). Come on! If the food was bad, I wouldn't go back, but I will because it's Dickey's and they have the BEST barbecue. I just hope the employees get it together and start being smart about packing to-go orders without them becoming a mess.
1_star Went here for a few drinks after the super bowl and ended up ordering a few rounds for some ladies we had met there. When I got the bill, it was $250 and we were there for about a half hour to 45 min and had 5 rounds of washington apples. I couldn't believe it, and I didn't feel like that was right, and was going to try and maybe negotiate the bill down some with the manager. Next words out of his mouth were either pay it or I'm calling the cops, just an a-hole about it...total clip joint and highway robbery...Whatever I paid it but probably will never come back here
4_star Pretty bomb Thai food! Love the beef jerky, shrimp pad thai and coconut chicken soup with a side of sticky rice!! You wouldn't think it's nice in the inside from the out but it's a nice chill environment. The service is cool I have no complaints. The place is always busy and I don't every wait more than 10 min to be seated.
5_star Yummmmmy, a little pricy folks but the toppings on the burger, the bun, those fry things, etc all very very good. Still mayhem with the new store in town but wow yum!!! I tried Carl's in Idaho a few years ago & Penticton a couple years ago and very good burgers. You order your burger exactly how you like it including toppings and then find a place to sit if you can and they bring it out to you - it's as fresh as fresh can get, no sitting under a heat lamp here! Yummy :)
5_star This is a favorite place for my wife and I to grab a margarita. This is arguably the best margarita in the Valley. We love to visit during their reverse happy hour. Most recently, my wife threw my birthday party at Cantina Laredo and their staff pulled it off without one issue. Our party of over 20 was served promptly and with a smile. We love Cantina Laredo: their food and their wonderful service. If you're looking for great cuisine and amazing beverages, we highly recommend trying Cantina Laredo.
5_star Quick very friendly service this evening! She was very welcoming and made some suggestions after knowing it was our first time. Butter Chix- Creamy subtle kick of butter chicken spice... Saucy very enjoyable! Mum's Chicken Pie - Classic was not disappointed LOVE the touch of Chardonnay really gave it that extra little something Traditional Aussie - Saucey , meaty, has a little potato (not too much... Which I really appreciate because I didn't have an allergic reaction to it from that very reason ) Surprisingly even though these little guys are the size of your palm they are actually decently filling ! ... You might just need 2-4 to fill you up depending on how much you can handle. Price is okay ... About $7 each Palm sized pie. They have 4 pies for $24 to take home and cook located in the freezer ( I feel that is a better suited price for the cooked ones too) On the plus size the hand held sizes lets you try more flavours!! Would recommend people to check it out!
2_star Overpriced, pay $40 for two coffees to sit on very uncomfortable metal chairs in the walkway.
4_star Fun place, good people, pub food! Would like to see a vegan option or 2, but they custom made something for me. Will be back for brews!
4_star This is a make your own stir fry restaurant. A friend and I went for lunch, while the place was crowded, the service was highly attentive and generally excellent. There is something to appeal to almost everyone among the stir fry ingredients - and for a couple of dollars more you can make an unlimited number of trips back to the stir fry bar. Unlike a few places I've been, Flattop doesn't make you wait - the bowl is marked with your name and table so it comes to you when ready. Also, if you're not into stir fry, you have the option to have your meal presented to you as a salad, soup, mu shu pancake filling, or with a roti prata. Also, they have a full drink menu and a selection of appetizers and deserts. The best thing I can say in this review is that I'll definitely be returning soon.
2_star Waited at the door forever, watched my food sit on the warmer forever, waited for coffee refill forever and then for the bill! Wasn't very busy and they don't have their priorities straight. Service sucks at this location!
1_star Nothing special about this place. The rice was not cooked. I prefer to go to cafe rio or robertos taco if i want to eat mexican food.
5_star There were 5 of us who tried Oishi. All of us loved our appetizers and dishes. No wait. Great service. The wine was excellent as well. The atmosphere was really nice. Not very many people in the restaurant. It might tend to be loud if there is a crowd. But what restaurant isn't these days!!!
2_star Daughters and wife took me here for Fathers Day, promptly seated on the patio around a great round table (party of 5) off to a great start ! We sat and sat ,.. 5 minutes before anyone said Boo! Then five glasses and a carafe of tepid water were placed on our table by someone who quickly ran away. Another five minutes, and our server swings by asks curtly if we have any questions about the menu, we ask a couple to which we get rote answers, she flys off leaving us with no more information than when she showed up. She disappears for another 5 minutes before she comes back to take our order (we are now into our adventure 15 minutes) Orders are made around the table, and just as she takes a step to leave again, I stop her to ask if we might order some drinks? "Oh Sure" we place 3 drink orders,.. and ask about portion size of an appetizer, she confirms we need two,.. for our table of 5, I say "fine ..lets do two" 5 minutes later our drinks arrive (minuscule), and 10 minutes after that our food arrives. No appetizers! When asked, our server replies with "Oh I thought you were just asking what it was,.. I didn't know you wanted some" amnesia taking over for the whole "If we order these,..how many do we need?" conversation,.. not totally surprising as that conversation was now 20 minutes old. By now,.. you have the flavor of the service,,.... slow, inattentive and well,.. absentminded. (and this is the kinder/gentler me saying this) OK,.. that said,.. the food was A++ very good and plenty of it. (the only reason I did not give it 1 star) I am hoping this was an off day for the wait staff at North, because the competition in Arcadia is fierce,.. many options consistently outperform my Father's Day experience at North,.. I love FRC's food,.. but this service experience has repeated across several FRC restaurants, Sam; at your prices, you gotta get that service piece down!
4_star Good atmosphere. Laid back and had a pickle bar! We had milkshakes with added libations! Service was fast and friendly. I had the philly melt burger! Yum! Been looking for cheese wiz since my trip to philly!
2_star 2 stars because the young lady working was one of the most rude employees at a place of business I have ever encountered. Honey if you don't wanna help people get out of the service industry.....
2_star Been goin here for a few years now and always loved it. Great service and food. However, they changed their happy hour to 10% off instead of 50, that I was okay with because I loved it here. Now it's only 21 and up so that they can have a smoking bar. Who wants I enjoy a good meal with nasty smoke over their food? Will be finding a new place to take my business. Very disappointed with a resturant I would go to almost once a week. I'm quite sad to not enjoy my Lahina special anymore.
1_star You can skip this place for sure. The food is overpriced and it really doesn't taste that great. I definitely would not recommend this to a friend. Just go around the corner as there are a lot of better options available in that immediate area.
2_star Service was good. I ordered the pizza for $16 and I'll be honest with you, it isn't even worth $10. It was small, super salty and it tasted like frozen box pizza. Do not recommend the pizza. Very disappointing. I heard the lamb was really good though.
5_star The happy hour specials and guac are amazing. I wish I could come everyday just for those 2 items.
1_star This was truly a major disappointment. The restaurant is way over-priced and the food is just "average". There are so many of these types of restaurants around that I would not waste my time with this place. I had a steak and shrimp dish that was average. Shrimp was OK but the steak was tough and over cooked. I ask for medium rare and got medium which was well done by the time everything else was cooked. Service was marginal yet the restaurant was not full. Very disappointed and would not recommend this to anyone.
5_star The service here was excellent. Our server, Christina, was amazing. Friendly, helpful, and down to earth. She was attentive without being over the top. Nice relaxing atmosphere and we enjoyed our meal.
3_star First time here and the interior was nostalgic for sure. First red flag was the water jugs and menus they prop up on the side of our booth. Not a great experience when water jugs and menus are coming and going a few inches from your head.Get a corner nook or something better!! The caesar salad didn't impress me at all and it seems they don't prepare tableside if only one is ordered? I've had better salads at outback. Filet and lobster were great. They have a good history here but can't let things slip as there is too much competition in this great town !
2_star I was really looking forward to going to Bouchon since we own the cookbook and have been making a lot of the dishes from it. I have to say it was a real let down. While some of the food we had was good, overall it didn't feel like they were taking much pride in the food. We walked in and were seated fairly promptly with a reservation. We expressed to the waitress that we were interested in a tasting menu with a wine pairing and were met with "we don't do that but you can just order various things from the menu". I'm used to service that is a bit more excited when a table is actually interested in experiencing the food & wine. She offered no recommendation. We did order the foie gras which was amazing and the one saving grace of the meal. Everything else was extremely sub-par. Our entrees took 45 min to arrive after our first courses had been cleared. Our waitress was also MIA and when we finally tracked her down was unapologetic about the food being late. There just wasn't any momentum to the meal and for some reason it just didn't feel very special. From the service to the food itself. The Foie gras is worth having at the bar with a nice glass of wine.
1_star Worst food and service ever. My boyfriend took one bite of their so called steak sandwich and said dog food. My boyfriend is nicer than I am. Seriously, I doubt my cat would've eaten it. What really got me however was the fact that when we politely informed the staff we were questioned 3 times about why it wasn't good. Now, I could have been straight up honest and flat out rude about it but it not our style. The man who questioned us could have been a manager but since he never identified himself he could have been anyone. I suggest the zipps staff eat it themselves and find out exactly why it's worthy of sending back. Don't bother when in the same complex there are truly excellent places to spend your money.
1_star Food is greasy and uninspired. They claim to have a great fish fry but it's average at best. Got there at 6:25 pm on a Friday and told there was an hour and a half wait, while there were a ton of empty tables. Wait staff is marginal at best. They do have a great beer selection. But as a restaurant 2 thumbs down.
4_star Great sonic restaurant. Tots are always hot(biggest complaint about sonic) and the customer service is the bees knees
4_star I can't believe this place is rated so low. Other than the wait I couldn't ask for more in a breakfast joint. Their chicken fried steak is the size of Texas and really isn't that expensive. I could also eat their biscuits and gravy all day. To me, all breakfast food is pretty much the same but this place is like Denny's on steroids.
5_star Food was great service was excellent love coming hereand definitely will be coming back.
5_star Johnny roll, Kiss of Fire, Sun devil, Garlic Butter Special, and Yellowtail nagiri are amazing! See Randy if you sit at the bar he is awesome.
5_star I didn't want to drive down to Starbucks and a coworker told me about this Shop, and I decided to give it a try. (Going out in a Snowstorm none the less). I was very surprised when I walked inside. Its very welcoming and the service was awesome. The Chai Latte was fantastic and smooth, didn't taste watered down at all unlike Starbucks. I also got one of breakfast crepes, which was fantastic as well.
2_star Hmmm....we really wanted to like this place but were pretty disappointed. Service was friendly but sloooow. Food was just not very good overall. We started with the Queso Dip which was actually pretty tasty. I was disappointed wih the fact that the chips were obviously store bought (or vendor, as the case may be) but my wife later pointed out that the reason for that was likely to retain the "gluten free" claim on that dish, as the menu does have some fried items that are not gluten free, so there would be a cross contamination from the fryer. OK, I'll let them slide on that. We then shared a salad with their "crabby salad", made from jack fruit, and a rice bowl with their soy pulled BBQ. Both were more sweet than savory and we didn't really care for either. We felt like we could have easily made either dish better at home, to be honest. There just wasn't much finesse in the preperation of either dish. Both seemed just sort of thrown together...not the kind of composed dishes that you hope for when you dine out. I should mention that my wife is temporarily on a gluton and dairy free diet, which why we chose to dine here. I have tried to also adhere to that diet as much as possible, in order to support my wife, figuring it sure couldn't hurt...sounds healthy! Unfortunately, we didn't really feel like we ate all that healthy there, mostly due to the sweetness of the dishes.
4_star well went for my birthday last night i really enjoy my dinner we had the porterhouse for two it was cook perfect had veggies where ok not great and it can be a little more veg enjoy the bread and the mac and cheese with lobster to die for the service great the staff very good love the seating with the glass kit window i will go again for sure the salad not great the choc cake the bomb
1_star This place was nice on the eyes... an that's were it stopped. After being seated it had taken a while to place orders, we didn't get bread until we asked for it as we happened to catch the waitress walking passed. Then we got bread an side salad with the meal. There was a weird smell coming from the butter an shortly after not finishing half of my meal, I felt sick an resulted in vomit. I love trying new things but I regret to say the service as well as food gets a thumbs down for me.
4_star Get the Gnocci. It is outstanding! Tried to feed my craving here locally, and was completely disappointed. Can't wait to re-visit! The only reason I am giving 4 stars is that our service was a little slow and our waiter didn't seem to have his act together. Other than that, our party of 8 was very pleased with the food.
2_star Big disappointment.....Went for early dinner on 3/20/13, to avoid the typical 1 hour wait. Been to this restaurant 3 times over last year. Rice for sushi was cold with some parts of rice uncooked. The raw fish (nigiri sushi) was bad, I think they gassed the fish with carbon monoxide to look red, but bad texture. Raw fish on nigiri sushi pieces were cut small like they were trying to save money. Although service at Goyemon has always been poor, it makes it worst when the food was terrible. We brought 4 guests bragging about this restaurant and our credibility was shot. I don't think I will be going to this restaurant again when I go for my semi-annual trips to the Orleans Hotel and Casino.
4_star Great location, unique place, good food. I went for a conference, so I can't speak to the music.
1_star A group of us wives got a Living Social for the 6-hour grilling and smoking class for our husbands last year. Awesome gift, huh? Nope. They all had a terrible time. One employee spent a big chunk of time in the beginning of the class explaining how much money they lose when the customer buys a coupon. Awkward! The guy had a whistle that he would blow if you talked too much, and the guys spent the majority of their time doing dishes. Lame. We were all in the doghouse for awhile for wasting their entire day. The only positive my husband said was that the guy that was grilling was nice and somewhat entertaining.
3_star Was passing through Phoenix a few weeks a go staying near the airport. Went to this Big Apple for dinner. Service was not that great, seems to be operating at half speed. Not bad service but slow service. Having said that the food was pretty good. I had Chicken Fried Steak dinner. The steak and gravy were quite good but the sides were almost too small to be called sides. Wife was about the same for her brisket platter.
3_star They offer jerk chicken burger however I was curious and ask if they could make jerk Chicken pizza and the guy said they don't BUT! The guy made it for us. So ask they could be their secret order that isn't on the menu. The place is small and neat. Friendly staff.
5_star First time here. Food looked and tasted fresh. Staff was friendly and helpful. I went around 3:30ish. The place was clean. Everything. The floors, tables, restrooms, napkin area, especially behind the counter. Very pleased with our visit. Well be returning.
3_star The tsoynami was okay, but brunch was definitely sub par especially for $10... I had high expectations because of all of the positive reviews but felt underwhelmed and disappointed
2_star It was just ok. Decided to try this place out over pita jungle and it's over priced. $11 for 2 fish tacos and nothing else. Plus the fish seemed over cooked and there was way too much stuff piled on top of it. Calimari was chewy. Definitely not for a family to eat....we could of gotten way more food and better tasting at pita jungle for what we payed here
5_star Fantastic buffet for brunch. All the possible breakfast fare from eggs benedict, porridge, biscuits and gravy, fresh fruits, yogurts, peppers, Mexican and Asian and Italian assorted dishes. Plateful of bacon tops it off. If room, have dessert, too. Peach cobbler with bread pudding icing tastes great. Good value for $9.99.
3_star good value for your dollar. you get a lot of food. it's tasty but they use a lot of salt. They put on a good show. I'd go back.
5_star This is the place that I have been searching for all my life!!!! I wanted a place that offered a unique culinary experience and boy did we get it here!!! Service was impeccable; Steve was awesome and delivered great service. The wait was 40 min for our group of 9, but it was so darn worth the wait!!! I literally wanted to order everything on the menu; they're known for their hashes and Benedicts. Keep in mind that you aren't going to get the traditional Eggs Benedict with hollandaise sauce. Instead, they create their own special sauce and everything we ordered was delicious! We ordered: Sage Chicken Benedict: Crispy Sage infused chicken on top of a mountain of carbs (2 grape size biscuits and mash potatoes) smothered in a creamy Chipotle sauce with sauteed spinach. One word: Heavenly. Meat Loaf Hash: Meat loaf was tender and well seasoned. Best part, you didn't overdose from the salt because there was barely any! Blueberry Pecan Pancakes are as gigantic as a large pizza and was crispy on the outside and moist and fluffy on the inside. Sage Chicken & Bacon Waffles: This meal changed my life. I never understood the hype over Roscoe's Chicken & Waffles or the new Lays Chicken and waffles potatoes chips, but this dish seriously was the best ever!! The sage not only elevated the super juicy and tender chicken, but the fried leeks seriously took the dish to the top level. I wish they had chopped bacon bits throughout the waffle rather than just one strip, but their homemade maple syrup wasn't overly sweet, so the juxtaposition of sweet and salty was like an explosion in your mouth. We are definitely coming back here every time we're in Vegas.
1_star YUCK!!!!!!! Gross! Me! Out! You call this food????!!!! How are there so many good reviews for this place/stuff! How do the customers and people working at this place consider what they serve to be food?! Edible food yet??!! Everything was brown and overcooked. The kitchen looked filthy, the people working there were all wearing dirty clothes. Yuck!? They were pre-occupied chatting with each other than serving customers. Overpriced, overused cooking oil, the fries were soggy, strange meatless pieces of chicken. Blach .... once was more than enough!! Been there done that and wish I hadn't!
2_star A disappointment. The other reviews led me to set my expectations higher than I normally would for a buffet - bad move. This is a step above Golden Corral but not worth the price. Just go to a real restaurant.
3_star Like their sister restaurant, the Cheesecake Factory, the Grand Lux Cafe has plenty of menu items to choose from, so I'm sure everybody in your party could find something that they would enjoy. Salads, sandwiches, burgers, pizza, pasta, desserts. You want it, you can probably get it here. The salad and half-sandwich combo is a great choice for lunch and is not too filling. The great thing about this restaurant is that they are very accommodating to large parties and allowed our large party of 15 to pay on separate checks. Big props for that because a lot of restaurants just won't do that.
4_star You have a pretty good menu over there. There's one inconvenient, the place is extremely small. However, the poutine over there is totally worth it. It's very good and probably the least greasy I've had the chance of eating so far.
5_star Awesome food.Great staff ! Glad to see a place that's going to make it in this spot! Definitely try the margaritas ... Ariba Ariba
5_star Amazing food, very friendly staff, baby/kid friendly (they even have a real change table and low sink in the women washroom, and kids books, colouring books etc). They also offer very tasty (free) appetizer that most Japanese restaurants used to offer. Highly recommend!!! Also, a very unique and personalized touch: they offer (regular) customers to bring in and store their own chopsticks right by the entrance.
3_star the food is blah, the service is great.
4_star Definitely one of the better pho places in the Henderson area. Service is kind of slow but overall the food is awesome and the staff is nice.
3_star I came here on a Thursday night around 7 which wasn't packed, so glad it wasn't because it takes a pretty long time to get your order. I ordered a croissant roast beef sandwich and cantaloupe boba drink. The sandwich was not bad it was pretty good and a decent size. This place was nice and clean, really bright, that's because it is still new. The staff was okay, not too friendly yet not too rude. As for parking good luck because it is at Chinatown and we all know how the parking is at Chinatown. No credit cards taken, just like the ones in California so make sure you've got the cash if not they do have an ATM which you know cost money.
4_star Great quality cheap and cheery sushi. The dragon rolls are to DIE for. but the chirashi needs improvement
5_star So my boyfriend and I came here for my birthday ; I have been wanted to try this place since it has opened big fan of Gordon watch him in Hell's Kitchen so I couldn't imagine so where better to celebrate my birthday. Daisy was my server she is so sweet knows the menu very well and suggested great items I didn't even really have to look at the menu I had some fruity cocktail it was very refreshing and her server asst. helped by cleaning items off table and refilling our waters. I got the ribeye medium it was so good ! I ate all it's served with potatoes and my boyfriend had the chicken pot pie chicken was very juicy and gravy was top notch! She suggested the sticky toffee to top it all off it's the best dessert I have ever had I still dream about it served with a vanilla ice cream. I will be back !!!! Thank you daisy for making my birthday special
5_star Authentic Lebanese food is often hard to find outside of Toronto, but as a Newmarket resident I'll need to look no further. This place is clean, family-friendly and the smell of flame-cooked meats on a spit is certainly welcoming. Salads look and taste very fresh. A short chat with the owner revealed that he has a strong passion for cooking and has fine-tuned a number of authentic recipes over the years, and it shows. The food speaks for itself. I would highly reccommend their chicken shawarma, one of the best I've tasted. Overall a very satisfying experience and will certainly visit again!
4_star Dinner on a busy Friday night. Arrived on time for 7:30 reservation. Table not ready, restaurant and bar full. Host and hostess pleasant, but not offered a place to wait. After ten minutes seated at table for two that was OK. This was our third dinner at Renegade and each time have enjoyed the food. Nice breads, some excellent local beers on draft. Asked to sample one and it was promptly brought. Starter of cheese fondue with three shrimp, chorizo sausage, olive bread and apple slices great looking and ample for two. Clever food that tastes great. Fondue would stay hot if on a warmer; as this is not the case it needs to be promptly consumed. Entrees were flattened chicken served with mashed potatoes and pork green chili stew. Both delicious. For me chicken must be flavorful, ample, crisp skin, and moist on the inside--this entree met my priorities perfectly! Pork was good too and spicy. Served by server and runners and we were not pleased that entrees were brought while we were still eating appetizer; pointed this out but no one cared (hence four not five stars). So go to Renegade for very good food, good but unpolished service. Be prepared for bright lighting and active vibe.
5_star My new favorite place. Everything is delicious. Do yourself a favor and eat here ASAP. Had the BBQ tri tip and it was one of the best thing I ever had. Also the service is amazing, Justin was a great waiter. If I was a inmate on death row ,this would be my last meal for sure.
2_star I stayed across the street at the Westin and this place looked liked a decent choice for dinner Settings : nice, like a luxurious living room Food: just decent (I only had sushis and makis in the ayce). Also note that the rolls were coming out in 4 pieces, rather small, instead of 6 or 8 p in some restaurants Service: not good. Waiter could not understand what I was saying (English nor French), luckily, I only had to cross my choices. Food was super slow to come out. No pro activity, like bringing some water. Was served someone else's order at a time. Price: very good
5_star 1st time here and the food is awesome. Mongolian is the best. We had Family C dinner but we ordered Walnut shrimp instead. Good size shrimp and the walnut sauce is what I expected. Salt and pepper pork chops is my favorite. It reminds me of this family chinese place we used to go in Long Beach, CA. Fish with black bean sauce was good also. I wasn't too crazy about the appetizer, BBQ ribs, it was a lil tough. Defintely going back to this place. No need to drive to Spring Mountain. ..close to our home in Henderson.
5_star My absolute favorite spot for ramen, fried appetizers, and even sushi rolls. I love that they offer a little bit of everything because sometimes that's what I want. Its such a clean and neat place with the friendliest servers and chefs. Alan, who is a chef there is personable and knows how to take care of his guests. Every visit is like I'm seeing a friend while enjoying his creations. My boyfriend loves the tonkatsu ramen there and I can't get enough of their chicken or pork katsu. So thin and crispy, paired with fluffy white rice is heaven. Try the croquettes for a solid snack or octopus appetizer if you dare! Go with friends to order a bit of everything and eat family style or go on your lunch break for a quick and heart meal. It's great for all!
1_star I would've given this restaurant 0 stars, but was unable to do so, thus 1 star is being generous. Aside from the service being subpar, the food is comparable to prison. After ordering buffalo chicken dip, we had decided to play "first person to find any chicken in this wind a dollar." To no surprise, there wasn't even a crumb of chicken lingering within the overly sauced dip. Seems like these franchise's are hurting for business. The waitress was nice and did drop off some diced up chicken to add to our cheese dip..
5_star Go for lunch once or twice a month and will continue to do so. Food is great as is the service. Thanks Feathers!!
4_star Always wanted to try the Thomas Keller experience. Here's is what we tried: 1. Foie gras - it's nice to have it here because we are out of California. Not the best I've had but it's good with their truffle fries. The order also comes with two plates of toasted baguette which you can spread the foie gras on. Yum! 2. Escargot - too salty, but very unique having a puff pastry on top. The flavor would have been very good if it wasn't too salty. 3. Oysters - LOVE them. There were different kinds and all of them were so good. 4. Mixed greens - love the taste of their red wine vinaigrette. 5. Bouchon steak - again, too salty. I always think it's not the best idea to order steak at a French restaurant, but we just wanted some meat... 6. Sturgeon confit - good flavors! Seafood here is worth a try.
2_star We wanted to take my nephew to this restaurant so he could watch the planes. I checked the Yelp reviews before leaving so I really wasn't expecting too much out of this restaurant. I was appreciative because the hostess did help us find a table near the window so we could see the planes. But honestly, that was the only positive. Our food was just not good. My husband's plate had a giant hair (and it clearly wasn't his as he noticed it right after the waitress set it down and he has buzzed hair) in his potatoes. He asked for new potatoes but the waitress did have the mm make a whole new plate. My sister ordered a taco salad without meat and sure enough she had mostly meat in her salad. That was also remade. My nephew was only eating his fries, not his grilled cheese, and we kept encouraging him to eat the grilled cheese. I finally took a bite and spit it out. It tasted awful, almost as if the cheese was spoiled. I will most definitely not be returning.
4_star This family oriented restaurant is a great place for brunch. The menu selection is vast (6 pages!) and offers dishes for both vegetarian and non-vegetarians alike. I ordered the veggie good omelette. The yummy omelette (I requested mushroom, spinach, and cheddar on mine) came with well-seasoned potatoes and their infamous banana nut muffin. You must try their banana nut muffin! It was probably the best banana nut muffin I've ever had and I'm not exaggerating. It tasted like there was a slight hint of buttermilk in the muffins but whatever this restaurant did to them made them amazzzingggg. All the portions sizes are huge and I liked how I could easily substitute items that were orginally in the veggie good omelette to make my order just the way I like it. Great prices for what you are getting as well. The atmosphere is also fun and filled with egg puns! Egg-static!
4_star Really a 4.5, but I'm rounding down. My boyfriend and I came here for lunch. I was initially surprised by the decor. I'm visiting PGH for the first time, and Park Bruges doesn't look like any other place I've been to so far in PGH. It's modern-ish and I loved it. The staff seemed really relaxed. We were seated immediately, as we were arriving for lunch on a Wednesday afternoon. There were about 5 or 7 other tables with customers. We were given water immediately, and our waitress seemed nice enough. He ordered the Bruges burger, I the grilled veggie melt (I can't remember the name and it's not on the menu on the website), and we shared an order of Bruges frites. The fries were perfectly salted, but soggy. One of the reasons why it's not 5 stars. They weren't greasy soggy, just soggy. I also like my french fries piping hot, and these weren't burn-your-mouth-hot, so not ideal for me. The roasted garlic dijon mustard that comes with the fries in delish though! I plan on recreating it at home. My boyfriend says the burger is the best burger he's ever had. The bun to meat ratio is fantastic, and the bun is perfectly toasted. The patty was juicy (as witnessed by me, because it was dripping juices onto his plate) but the bun didn't get soggy at all. As a vegetarian, even I thought the burger looked amazing. My veggie sandwich was amazing. As silly as it sounds, a good/well made grilled veggie sandwich is hard to come by. Often times the bread will not stand up well to cooked vegetables, and water from the vegetables will drip all over the place. The sandwich has arugula (my fave), grilled zucchini, roasted peppers, tomatoes, feta, hummus, and maybe some other things I can't remember. It was all on a perfectly toasted ciabatta bread. It was crispy enough to hold up to the vegetables, but not so hard that it cuts the roof of your mouth when you bite into it. My biggest complaint about lunch was the slaw that came with the burger and sandwich. I still haven't figured out what was off about it, but it was not tasty. I seemed oily, and kind of flavorless. With that being said, the sandwich and burger more than made up for a sub optimal coleslaw.
4_star Karma Tequila Dinner Pairing at Garfield's Restaurant in Summerlin We started off with an Apple Margarita made with triple sec, it was very tasty! The first course was a watercress salad with a Karma Tequila & Orange Vinaigrette. The salad was very crisp and the tequila flavor mixed well with the orange slices. The second course I had the braised short ribs which were cooked medium well with vegetables and mash potatoes, and a light gravy. This main course was cooked to perfection, a recommended try. Third course was desert made of avocado ice cream with dark chocolate mousse, Karma Tequila kiss in the cream whip topping. A great combination of tastes for the pliant, a unique blend of richness. The after dinner drink: Karma Tequila with White Cream de Cocoa, Chambord, and cream with raspberry garnish. I normally don't like Cream de Cocoa drinks, but the Karma Tequila made the drink very tasty. I recommend Garfield's Restaurant to all. Service was great and the views of the lake were a must see.
1_star First of all, I shouldn't have to microwave my takeout food when I live literally a five minute drive away. But I guess that is what I can expect after waiting nearly an hour to get my food. I was told after I ordered "it will be a minute, we have a party order for delivery ahead of you." I was fine with that, and went next door briefly to get a soda. When I returned, I saw the delivery driver pass by me with the party order and assumed mine would be up soon, if not next. After all, cooking with a wok is done with small items at high heat and is very quick to prepare. About 35 minutes after I ordered, someone came out and told me that they were waiting on just one more item. This does not bode well for the condition of the other items that were presumably already complete and ready. Meanwhile, order after order after order of takeout for other people was brought out. Nobody offered me a beverage or even an apology. When my food finally came out after literally FIFTY-FOUR MINUTES, I was still offered no apology until I pointed out the time frame to the cashier. All she said was "sorry." If they really wanted my repeat business they would have given me a reason to return, such as a coupon. When I got home, I found that my pepper steak was hot, my kung pao chicken nearly hot, and all my noodles and rice were only lukewarm. After re-heating food that I had paid $27 to already be hot, I found it to be bland and visually unappealing, and my family agreed. I have absolutely no idea where all the positive reviews on here have come from. Bland food, hour-long cook time, and zero customer service add up to me NEVER RETURNING to this so-called restaurant.
5_star Amazing food. They are the nicest people. They give you so much food. While you are eating they keep bringing more for you to try. Everything we ate was delicious. We will be back before we leave town!
4_star It was really good. I ordered the Bun Bo Hue. It was very aromatic of lemongrass and cilantro. So if you don't like those flavors, I wouldn't recommend ordering this, as these are quite predominant. We also ordered fried won-tons with sweet chili sauce and pork spring rolls for an appetizer. Both were delicious. I will come here again and try something new.
3_star Second visit here, sadly was not as impressed as the first. The good: attentive wait staff and a bustling high energy environment with a phenomenal beer selection. The bad: food wad quite simply mediocre, not at all as appealing as my first visit. Chicken wings were standard fare, similar to Applebees/insert Chain here style. Machete burger was nothing special- cooked properly, but possessing nothing out of the ordinary. It was to be expected for a generic $7 burger, but for nearly three times that, I expected more.
5_star I have been coming here for YEARS and am sad to say that until I ate another amazing lunch there today, it never occurred to me to write a review. Every meal I have here is better than the last, it's ALWAYS consistent, and the menu has something for everyone. My personal faves are the black bean soup and the Bethany Home Chopped salad (and I'm not really a salad kind of gal :)!!!). But don't shy away from the ribs, OMG is all I can say, or the PCG pasta. Come to think of it, any PCG virgin I've taken here has raved about it and become a novice themselves :)! Add in the full bar and great wine list, this place is a MUST for a constantly consistent great meal! In regards to the attire i chose dressy because if you came on a weekend night in jeans and flip flops you may feel under dressed, but you could absolutely go jeans and flops during the day for lunch (as I did today)! Happy eating!
3_star Ok. Second time here, first time I had kim chee fried rice and pork belly bowl, both good. Second time around , I got the imperial spring rolls with pork and shrimp, couple pickled carrots and a small frisée salad. Really enjoyed the flavors of the dish. Also got the lemongrass and jerk chicken thigh. This is where I give it three stars. When I think of a chicken thigh, I don't think of dry meat. This was very dry and lacked flavor. I barely tasted the lemongrass or the jerk seasoning. The papaya salad was straight papaya and that's it, nothing exciting but decent. Also when you walk in, it's hard to figure out where to pick up your food. I'm sure I'll give it another shot down the road but the dryness of that thigh meat was very underwhelming.
5_star Great place to eat always get treated very well and they're always changing the menu you can't go wrong with anything you pick to eat and the oysters on Tuesday and Wednesday are at a great price the only problem I have there is that it's a little too small
1_star I waited for 20 minutes and still no food. I am disappointed in this location. It's suppose to be fast food not a restaurant. They aren't even busy!
4_star Ended up in Mississauga a bit early for an appointment so we decided to stop in here for a quick bite. We only ordered Japanese dishes, and the tempura was done perfectly and the sushi tasted great. Service was very attentive, though we did get confused because there was a service call button and we didn't get service when we used the call button, but we got great when we weren't using it. The space itself it cozy and intimate, I like that they had enclosed spaces for larger groups, but even as a group of two it felt comfortably partitioned. Would definitely go again!
5_star My husband and I had my birthday dinner here 10/10/16 and I must say the staff here were amazing. I enjoyed my dinner and also received a very nice card signed by the Bonefish crew. I'm sure it's what they do all the time but it just put that extra special touch to a wonderful evening. They even spelled my name right :-). Thank you Bonefish for making my dinner special.
1_star I've been a customer since the opening couple of year ago!.. the quality has been going downhill recently... The servers are rude. We found a little bug in the wasabi when we told our server she looked annoyed about it. The food quality is going down as well. They have started cutting corners everywhere. The soy sauce is watery. The Sashimi is not fresh and was almost frozen inside. Overall a bad experience.. I think I need to find a new sushi place near office.
1_star Everything was either dry, salty or flavorless. Their menu did not have enough variety and the only thing looking fresh was their pineapple. Very disappointing.... worst buffet ever
1_star This place is crap...... The service was crappy and management should be fired. Why call yourself a sports bar when you cater to one team only. Yes, we know there a bunch of 49ers in there but the game did not come on until 1:15, if people are in there watching games you should respect that. DO NOT turn all the TVs to one game when people are obviously watching several different games especially during playoffs and the game is down to the last minute. HOW DO YOU DO THAT??? at least put the game on in the back or tell the bar..... something. When we went to voice a complaint Gary Bogel THE MANAGER said to us its a 49er bar and turned his back on us what an a$$. And no Gary it's Timbers Bar & Grill it does not say anywhere 49er's Bar and Grill, if I knew that I would have gone somewhere else. Food was OK, but the stringy black-haired bartender was horrible. She should know that crack kills, especially when sporting a muffin top. They can bet we won't be back to that place.
1_star If i could give this a 1/2 star I would, but not an option I have to give it a 1 star - so not deserved. We went to have dinner there after my brother got married. we waited for about 45 min for a table, considering we didn't have a reservation that was ok. when we finally sit down at our table, wow we couldn't even hear the waiter ask us what we wanted to drink. Then when we finally order the time to get our food was average wait time I guess. the waiter brings out our food except for my new sister-in-laws food, she ordered her food specifically a certain way, about 10-15 min after we all had our food the waiter comes up and states there was a mishap with the first order so they had to re-do the order. when they finally bring her food out to her it was totally wrong and had ingredients that were not even asked for (allergies toa certain ingredient) that just made it worse, he then offers her a salad instead, she respectfully declined. My aunt's food needed salt, and all they had was sea salt, with her medications she can't have sea salt, so he states let me see if there is regular salt in the kitchen, the idiot waiter grounds the sea salt and puts it into a bowl and brings it out to her and claims it's regular salt. we all looked at it and it was sea salt, had she used it she would have had an alergic reaction and would have gone into shock. Most italian restarauts i go to they always have nice music playing very low where tou can hear the person across the table talking in a regular voice, this music was on like if we were in a club, and we had to yell to the person across the table and they still couldn't hear you. this was just such a horrible experience, and will never go again. I would not recomend this place to anyone even if it was the only place open in the casino.
1_star What was I thinking? Well, a place to take two preschoolers for lunch and not go crazy. That seems to be asking alot for a dining experience downtown. This is honestly the first pasta restaurant that does not know how to make a simple meat sauce. Think Chef Boyardee. I can't even call it bologn....no I can't do it. Oh, and meatballs? What were they thinking.
4_star A go to favorite. Never disappointed always happy with service and meals. The menu is diverse for all tastes. A consistent Fox concept restaurant.
4_star The pizza was ok and the chips as an appetizer were good. Anna our waitress was very pleasant and did a great job!!!
4_star I really enjoyed my meal here. I opted out of getting a beer, as i had a wicked hangover at that point, and needed some good old fashioned BBQ to sooth my soul. My friend and i both ordered the pulled pork sandwich, with slow cooked onions to top it off. I would consider myself to be a connoisseur, as ever since my mom got a slow cooker, when i was 6, I have loved her rendition, and a bevy of other restaurants try at it. This pulled pork was fantastic, although a little cooler than i would like, the taste was fantastic, and the bun held up to the last bite. A basket of the yukon gold fries as a side, it was a fantastic lunch. The barbeque sauce is absolute top notch, and the service was great. Two monstrous biker'esque gentlemen beside us, ordered the B.B king platter, and at a wopping 55 dollars looked a little understacked. They seemed to have enjoyed it though. If your ever on bayview and crave some bbq, i'm pretty confident you will enjoy it as much as i did, as far as pulled pork goes.
4_star Had a couple of slices and fresh cut fries. All very good. Cool spot for pizza in west view.
4_star I go to this place all the time and i think it is one of the best all you can eat sushi! You place your order with an ipad bit you have to wait for a server to send the order to the kitchen which slows the process down. Service is usually quick - ive never had to wait to be seated. Atmosphere is great. Variety and taste of sushi and sushimi is pretty good too. However, the staff could be a bit friendlier..
4_star Good atmosphere nice servers decent food. However, I ordered a dozen blue point raw oysters. When they came out, I knew immediately they were gulf oysters not blue points . But I thought that's ok, it's loud maybe my server didn't hear me. Once I got my check I realized she did hear. Not her fault, maybe it was a mixup, but I kinda don't think so. To you no. Oyster eaters, that would be like ordering a filet and they bring you a tied up sirloin and charger you a filet price. Update: the manager of this location contacted me and apologized. Very nice gesture, so I bumped then up another star.
5_star I would have to say this place is hands down some of the best Thai food. It is family owned which is great and nice to support. The seating area isn't very large so it can get crowded. A large group of us from work go there and all enjoy it. I generally call ahead and they can accommodate is with no problem. I've only ordered the vegetarian pad dishes and the curries. My favorite is the green curry. The service is very friendly and the food is great, I highly recommend this place!
5_star Comfortable, cool, kinda swank but not pretentious; modern place with a retro attitude. I like it! Great dark brew right off the tap. Great place to be when its freaking 118 degrees outside. Sat next to the owner, Ted. Had no idea. A regular Joe. Fun guy, great sense of humor. Just started coming here and only had the Deviled Eggs, but I'll definitely be back for the atmosphere, the cool and the vibe. Nice job, Ted.
1_star Got to say the worst Denny's I ever had been to, we simply came in to grab some fries, the food was done and the only two worker who is working here took a break/went outside at the same time while the food is siting cold. Not recommended, very disappointed at the night shift worker and my visit here. They also didn't care to clean to tables or even pick up the plates. I don't know about other shift but the night shift had a very poor costumer service
3_star Before I get into this review, I will say that I have been to the Wing Warehouse in Cuyahoga Falls many times and never had a bad experience. The Broadview Heights location is just not on the same level as the one in Cuyahoga Falls. The wait staff was okay, nothing spectacular. After a friend had spilled her drink, the waitress had noticed and went to get a rag to clean it up. Took over 20 minutes for her to come back to the table and did not have a rag in hand. Probably just forgot, honest mistake. Food took longer than expected, but there was also a large party there as well, so I do not fault the kitchen for that. The food was okay, but as I mentioned earlier, the Cuyahoga Falls location does a much better job. Overall, it is not a bad place to go to get wings. I just had a higher expectation based on previous experiences at their other restaurant.
4_star Good food, friendly service, solid atmosphere and very clean! The food is fresh and authentic and decent value. Much much better than you would expect in a small stripmall....the restaurant has ambience but seems to have more take out business than eat in and therefore is quiet. Our only criticism is that service was a little slower than we would expect. Enjoy....
4_star Oh Faustos... This place has some amazing food, from bean and cheese burritos to enchiladas to chili relleno to super nachos that truly are "super". The food is filling and well priced, with a salsa bar featuring spicy carrots and onions, cucumbers, a red and green salsa, and basket of limes. Beware, vegetarians, the beans do have lard in them. My favorite item is an Egg-Potato-Cheese breakfast burrito that will keep you full for breakfast AND lunch :)
3_star I ordered the French toast plate. It came with egg, bacon, and fruit. Everything was decent. Nothing spectacular. Didn't taste any different than Denny's.
3_star Whether you enjoy your Salt & Pepper experience will depend on your approach to Mexican food. If you prefer dishes like Tacos, Hot-iron chicken fajitas, or Enchiladas, S & P will deliver (it's hard to miss on these sorts of dishes), albeit at an inflated price. It's worth the cost if you favor more traditional fare, such as their (cheap) Azteca soup, a fresh and hearty tomato-chipotle base married with chicken and avocado. Combine it with their in-house chips and salsa/guacamole and you may not need an entree. Their Mole is also splendid, the staple sauce starting out chocolatey sweet and slowly filling the mouth with a comfortable warmth. As is typical in these smaller Mexican restaurants, the amount of meat on the plate is low but the flavors are solid and mostly worth the price.
3_star I was in Kensington Market with my girlfriend on a Friday night, so we decided to stop by Hibiscus and see what all the fuss was about. Service: Upon arriving, we weren't greeted by anyone, even though we could see three people working in the back of the restaurant, so we decided to sit down at one of the available tables. After sitting for 5 minutes, with no attention from the staff, I headed to the counter and grabbed a couple of menus to take a look at the options. A few minutes later, someone from the back finally showed up to take our order. Not off to a good start, but whatever. I will note that after we placed our order, the service was good for the rest of the night. Food: I ordered the brie and pecan crepe ($9), served on gluten-free buckwheat. It was a crunchy, gooey, creamy delight. My girlfriend ordered the tomato, basil, spinach and mushroom crepe ($9), which was also very tasty, but not as good as mine (I win!). We probably would have ordered a salad too, but the waiter informed us they were sold out (!?). It was near closing time, so I suppose this can be forgiven. We did notice the staff head across the street to buy more produce when more customers walked in, and a table of two, who arrived after us, was served salads. WTF. Price: Our total came to $20, which is pretty reasonable for two people. The crepes were filling and very tasty. I'd probably give this place 4 stars if the service was better. The crepes are delicious. I've heard the salads are really good too. Hopefully they have them in stock next time!
4_star We went here for the oysters and were impressed. We ordered Shucker's Best Mixed Plate (12 oysters) and ended up getting 6 more because they were so good. We had a 1 year old and 9 year old and they both got mac and cheese (with bacon), which was delicious (lots of flavour). Our server was great too! Her beer recommendations were solid and she suggested a Shirley Temple for our son, which he loved! We will definitely be back, especially when we want oysters.
1_star The food was okay. I will not return, however. When I complained to the waitress that my wine was stale and vinegar-y, her reply was "well, you shouldn't have ordered the cheapest one then". This has not happened frequently but when it has, a new glass has always been supplied immediately with a "so sorry".
3_star Great food but I've gone 3 times in the past few weeks and they never have anything in stock. I tried to go yesterday but there was no rice left (white or brown), no chicken, and only 1 person working both food line and register. I'm going to give them another chance because I love the food but it's a bit ridiculous to never have any to serve.
4_star Food was good. But what was better was the service. I told the waiter about my shell fish allergy and he changed from their standard bread because it's heated on the same grill as their shellfish is cooked. Kudos. Good lookin out! Again, food was tasty as you would expect.
2_star Yama was a go-to when I was in college, but things done changed. Service was stretched thin, menu is outdated, the cucumber salad is just slices of cucumber now, mochi was all old and crumbly. The quality of fish is still good, but the place just isn't cutting it anymore for me. Plus it's always been loud and cramped. So long yama, it was good while it lasted.
3_star If you order from the app to pick up at this location don't expect it to be ready when they say it'll be ready.
2_star I went here few times, and I always went home full but dissapointed. Despite the big portion, I don't really like the tastes. Most of the dishes have similar taste, just like previous reviewers have mentioned.
5_star Authentic Italian food made fresh with quality ingredients. Good service and excellent menu choices
4_star This place is cool for the price. They have a decent selection. I had more than I could eat of those crab Rangoons. The shrimp and cheese mussels are huge and really good. I'm not a big desert person but I didn't have any room left to try anything. I won't mention why they are missing one star.
4_star Sharkey's is no more! And thank God for that. I mean, I know the restaurant options in Bloor West Village are limited, but I really have no idea how that place hung on for as long as it did. With horrible service, brutal food, and staff that spent more time admiring themselves in the mirror than their customers, they created a place that was meant to be avoided. Yet somehow, it managed to exist on that corner for years. So, imagine my surprise when I saw the beautiful sight of a building permit and brown construction paper covering their windows one day... A few months later, The Kennedy Public House was born. And boy-oh-boy, this place is exactly what BWV needs. BWV is virtually void of restaurants serving great food. Ok, so there's earth and Dr. Generosity, but other than that, your choices are pretty limited compared to the tons of options available to other Toronto neighbourhoods. That's why seeing something as untraditional in BWV as The Kennedy is such a welcoming sight. The Kennedy has a cool vibe that, if you know the neighbourhood, you wouldn't expect to see there. It seems oddly out-of-place while at the same time seems oddly comfortable being there. With a laboriously nice interior space, the entire design is well-thought out a nice to be in. But surprisingly, The Kennedy isn't just nice to look at; it also has exceptionally good food. The Kennedy's menu doesn't serve your typical pub grub; it's much more imaginative than that. Non-traditional items, like polenta burgers, calamari po'boy sandwiches, and pork belly casoulet easily compliment more traditional pub fare, like wings, macaroni and cheese, and thin crust pizzas. Their menu does a fantastic job of covering everyone while still remaining concise and well-thought out. Working with a number of local businesses, the Kennedy also proudly sources bread and meats from places you're probably familiar with, like Cobs bread and Wellington County Beef. Nice. I've always found that knowing where the food comes from somehow makes it taste better. One other thing worth mentioning: The Kennedy has unisex bathrooms. And they've incorporated them into the place really nicely, except for the hand-dryer. The bathroom hand-dryer must be the loudest dam one in the entire free-world. If you happen to be sitting in the back-half of the restaurant, it might even ruin your experience. Hopefully they'll turn to either cloth or paper towels, or they'll just find one that is quieter. Keep in mind though, if you're looking for a relaxing experience, this isn't the place. With strollers and screaming babies during the day that makes it resemble a Montesorri school, and lineups and loud music in the evening that makes it resemble something at John and Adelaide, The Kennedy doesn't provide a quite and relaxing experience; what they do provide is a killer take on the food you wouldn't expect to find in a typical public house.
2_star OK food but awkward layout and poorly trained staff. Half the time I order by number and the girl taking my order has no clue what I'm trying to order. Often they put my name down in an unrecognizable spelling that when they call my order, I have no idea it's me. The takeout orders are handed out in the middle of the ordering line so you have people bumping up against you while you sit and wait. The steak and chicken almost always have several big chunks of gristle you have to spit out. After a year of alternating between Yoshi's and Yogi's, it's time for me to go back to Yoshi's exclusively.
2_star Went here a while ago to eat Chinese dinners (not all you can eat hot pot) and on some nights, they were unwilling to cook it for us although they had the ingredients for them. I suspect it has to do with their laziness. And then on other occasions we had hot pot but the waiters never brought us our said amount every single time, even though it wasn't a ridiculous number. The best thing is their coconut ice cream and that's it.
5_star If you like Chipotle and think Macayo's is awesome - this is NOT the place for you. If you want ACTUAL AUTHENTIC Mexican food that tastes like your favorite Mexican aunt made it with love in her own kitchen - you're in the right place. FANTASTIC!
1_star We were told the wait would be 15-20 minutes. After 45 minutes, there was still 10 parties ahead of us. Which would be fine except that the entire 45 minutes we waited, there were 5-6 empty tables that the hostess never filled. We saw several people ask about these tables, and the hostess just responded with, "we'll call your name when we're ready." We left. I kept the app open after we left, and had we waited, the total wait would've been 1 hour 40 minutes.
5_star I just had the pleasure of eating at Guy's Vegas Kitchen & Bar. The food was amazing. I highly recommend the Triple T fries. The white truffle cream dip is to die for. I am so glad I do not live in Vegas. I would be dining at Guy's every night.
2_star I decided to pay a visit due to the stellar reviews. I was so disappointed after my visit. I walked in at around 2pm. The lady at the front was bitter and sour, and I felt extremely unwelcome. I had to squint at the menu on the wall because it was practically gone (menu is written in chalk). I felt rushed even though I was the only customer at the moment. I decided to go with the chicken and beef. I chose three salads, and most of the options were empty so I went with what was left. While the lady was scooping my food, she started coughing and would openly cough to the side while holding the spoon...so her mouth was not covered. When finished scooping the food, she moved to the cash register and waited without saying a word. I expected at least "5 dollars" but she just stood there waiting. The chicken is a tiny piece and rather dry, and the beef is not tasty. But it is 5 dollars. While sitting on the chairs by the window, she was coughing and blowing her nose. Not a great experience and very unsanitary practises . I don't know how this place managed to get such great reviews.
1_star I used to really enjoy eating here until I found out what one of my friends said about this place. He was a former employee of this Jimmy Johns on Power Road and told me about all of the comments that are made behind the counter. Who would've known such a fine establishment could be filled with so much cynicism and racism towards employees. Basically authority will take the nicest employees and then find reasons to take them down verbally with repeated vile comments day in and day out. Nothing like sandwiches made by discriminatory top-level management what taste better than a prejudice filled sandwich I thought sandwiches were made with passion at this place.
4_star their menu has specialties that other Filipino restaurants do not have, and food is pretty good
4_star My boyfriend and I have eaten here at least eight (8) times. Here's the scoop: the veggie pizza is amazing, brushetta is fantastic, beet salad very tasty, satay skewers are great, the avocado dip is flavorful, the arugula & friseè salad with pecans delish. In short, every dish we have tried so far is done with a tasty twist. They also have a great beer and wine selection. The sorbet desserts are heavenly. We will definitely be returning soon.
4_star I went here about a month ago and have a lovely time. The atmosphere is really nice - smart but casual. The waiter was really welcoming and helped us choose a really good bottle of red and didn't make us feel awkward when we ordered one starter and one dessert to share. I like!
2_star While the Dor-Stop is a cute place on a nice tree lined street, I'm not sure what the big fuss is all about. The food was only fair and they don't even have real cream for your coffee. It's that nasty fake nondairy crap. It also gave me the heebeegeebees due to the "Christianesgue" motif.
5_star Relaxing atmosphere, educational chalk based corn diagrams, and air conditioning... what more could you ask for? Well, add to all of that, that the food is delicious. Maizal is a recent addition to the Liberty Village area. They have vegan and gluten-free options in addition to non-vegan/veg ones. The menu is short and simple. At the moment, the vegan options are: grilled quesadillas sin queso (ask for no cheese/dairy) with either poblano peppers or mushrooms, the sopes with black beans, tlacoyos (bean filled tortillas), and opales (cactus.) All very yummy sounding options. Their tortillas are entirely corn based (and gluten-free) and made fresh every morning. (they also happen to be delicious.) Other things on the menu I should mention: the horchata. Traditionally milk-less, it's rice based at Maizal, with a cinnamon spice, and perfectly ice cold. Outdoor patio space is out front on Jefferson, and small but decent. Interior space is ample, but I imagine it's going to be an area lunch time takeout place pleaser, a tasty, healthy meal for under ten dollars. If you sit in like we did, you can read about the history and cultivation of corn on the very aesthetically pleasing chalkboards (and no joke, it really is interesting.) And let me say it again: Air Conditioning. We each ordered 2 grilled quesadillas sin-queso (no cheese.) We sat sipping on horchata's while we waited and enjoyed the corn diagrams. They arrived, with pico de gallo on shredded lettuce, and a side of refried beans. One poblano pepper and one mushroom. One bite and I've decided these tortillas are made of tasty magic. That one bite was all tortilla, and it was so rich in maizey-flavour and texturally superior to nearly all other tortillas I've had up until now (so I eat a lot of tacos...) The fillings for both were great, both hearty and satisfying with rich savory flavours. Add some of the pico and a touch of lettuce and it is perfection. The folks at Maizal are doing exciting things with food, and I'm looking forward to seeing more, and eating much more from them. p.s. prices are reasonable.
3_star Cheap beer. Cool bar tenders. Not bad all in all for a bar on the strip. Food's ok. Hop in
4_star Good Food and service, little moore expensive. I took the macaroni and cheese. The portion was to big for me.
4_star Cool place live music kinda got that hipster vibe, whatever the hell those are.
5_star Came in with a group of 15?service was great, seated promptly. Food is top notch, will definitely come again.
3_star Came here for their winterlicious menu. Overall I give the experience a 3 to be nice. The negatives: As someone else has already previously mentioned, they overdo with the salt here. The jump fries and the mushroom ravioli was way too salty. You could not taste anything else. Also, the waiter forgot to tell me and my friend his name, so the customer service is lacking. The positives: The desserts we had were great.
1_star Extremely unaccommodating. Very disappointed in their attitude. They have clearly forgotten they are in the service
1_star Aweful Experience! Used a groupon and we too had to pay in cash. Waiter was very slow. I actually had to get up from my table after asking both the waiter and hostess for half and half for our coffee which we originally asked for. Took 20 minutes before they even took our order. Hostess was rude when we were trying to pay for our bill, she asked us if we had any questions because she said "they had to clean our table for the next sitting". This is how you treat first time customers? Shame on this local establishment. Would never recommend this place to anyone!
2_star Bunless burger was overlooked. French fries were burnt. Cobb salad had twice cooked chicken which made it taste extra dry. Our server,Anna was great. Overall experience was disappointing. A little surprised this place got 4 stars. Don't believe the hype.
3_star gives a nod to the Hawaiian theme but sort of lame with the decor. chicken bowl was awful. the texture when i chewed the chicken was scary, almost as if it were raw, but it wasn't pink so i think it was just low quality chicken. i had to send it back. I'm giving it 3 stars because the server didn't charge me for it.
3_star Great waitress, great food except Taco's, service outstanding, price just okay. Noise with groups. But we will return, and soon!
3_star Really good Indian/Pakistani food. I've been coming here for at least 10 years and it's come a long way in terms of expanding the sizes. Still the same furniture though - by that I mean the plastic patio chairs and tables. But you don't come here for the luxurious surroundings. Food is good - beef kabobs, chicken kabobs, paneer, butter chicken, biryani - I've had it all. All authentic, so be prepared for a meal filled with butter, oils and deep fried fair. Naan is really good - fresh and soft. The price of the food is quite high compared to other Indian restaurants. But it's not outrageous like others I've been to. For an on the go experience, grab a wrap - beef is my fave. ask for extra lettuce and onions because otherwise you're getting 2 pieces of lettuce and one piece of onion on a naan with the meat.
2_star The food was ok at best. Saw Beyonce and Jay Z, that was cool!
1_star Horrible service the old hag working could not have been more inconvenienced by our occupying her establishment. Not recommended
4_star Finally got chance to visit this place. Ordered the small italian sub with wheat bread. It was delish. The meats were fresh. Good service and food. Price was right too.
4_star Very friendly staff, food good. Had the spinach, feta, roasted tomato eggs, very very tasty, hubs had the Lorraine omelet, very good. Prices, as with all restaurants in the strip hotels, are high, but I would at least like to be able to enjoy the food and be taken care of by staff that really seems to enjoy their job. Place was ridiculously clean as well. Felt very comfortable about eating there. Line moves fast, the place is bigger than it looks from outside.
2_star I'm not saying that the ramen bad but compared to competitors in the area (walking distance) it's definitely not the best. I don't like the noodles especially, they're yellow and thin and quite different from the regular ramen noodles.... More like the Chinese egg noodles. Soup was okay but portion size also smaller than regular. I would drop by again if I'm really craving ramen and it's within a 5 min walking distance and what not
3_star I just went back and they had put green beans back on the menu but it is still high 9.71 for 2 ck and green beans. What happened to the green beans! And baked beans no one wants the nasty Cole slaw! And the prices are to high haven't been to a KFC in year because of that
4_star Portofinos is excellent! I was very lucky in that I was introduced to portofino's right away when moving down from NYC. No prolonged search for great Italian food, it's right there at Portofino's! I have two words for you: Stuffed Eggplant. This dish haunts my dreams and my mouth will water out of the blue for it. I'm gonna have to stop in and get some after this review .
2_star We loved the food at Lion City, the dishes were small as usual but the taste had been excellent every time we ate there. Three days ago we ordered takeout, we live 15min away and picked up the dishes ourselves. My husband and I had stomach cramps same night and our son had diarrhea. We were very disappointed and we wonder if other folks have had the same experience or we were just unlucky.
4_star I came here while visiting from Portland, OR and was impressed with the ambiance and variety of the beers. While I don't drink, my cousin and uncle both had a few pints and were very happy with the selection. The food menu is simple but eclectic with everything from burgers to sea scallops to meat/cheese plates. The atmosphere is definitely one of a neighborhood watering hole/gathering place. The decor is dark and on the English pub side and very inviting. Overall I think it is a great place to meet up with friends for a few drinks and a great dinner without having to spend alot.
2_star Terrible service. The four of us ordered one appetizer, then waited for almost an hour for only two of the entrees. The waitress didn't bring out the other entrees until we complained nearly 20 mins later. After which she failed to bring water for the table. The food was just okay.
2_star sad....stale buns, bland toppings and waaaaaaay too much hype.....soooooooo over priced. oh well, vegas food seems to suck no matter where we go.
2_star So heard a lot about this place from my friends in Markham. Being from Mississauga, there are plenty of places to choose from that are very good. This place is nothin special. It was below average. As an example, i tried the burger crepe. It was dry, no sauce and when i asked three people for mayonnaise, no one came back to me to tell me that they have NO mayonnaise. How silly is that? Lastly, the service was good, and the staff friendly. I would pass on this restaurant as there are way better choices in Mississauga and Markham. Disappointed!!!
3_star If you want a filling meal, Zeytouna won't disappoint. My mixed shawarma plate was piled high with an assortment of goodies. As I carried my full plate to the table, I noticed how large and bright the room was. My eyes were drawn to the unique Middle Eastern-inspired design on the walls. The yellow rice was flavourful, but greasy; the salad was crisp and delicious; the potatos were well seasoned, but very dry and the hummus, tahini and garlic sauce were the standard I'd expect from any Middle Eastern fast food joint. But the most important part of a shawarma meal is of course the shawarma! I had a mixture of chicken and beef and both were quite dry, with the exception of a few pieces of beef that had huge chunks of fat attached. I suspect that the meat had been sitting there for a while. Granted, I came in at 11:30pm, a time when it might be unrealistic to expect their freshest fare. Which brings me to my next point - because Zeytouna is open late, it makes a good alternative for the many greasy spoons in the area. The service didn't blow me away, but it was adequate. I will come back earlier in the day to try the za'atar, their open faced pita specialty.
3_star I wasn't that impressed, but we enjoyed the halo-halo and the bakery had some good treats.
1_star Don't waste your time, everything tastes like nothing even the onion rings taste like it came from the dumpster. Don't waste your time. Would not recommend to anyone, go to Buffalo Wild Wings instead.
3_star My colleague likes them, so I went with friend for lunch. a typical Chinese take away style cooking. Personally I will not return. But the stuff were nice.
5_star Love the atmosphere here! Shattered chips are delicious, we took our leftovers of them home and added buffalo sauce and they were even better! The chef came outside and asked how our meal was and the manager also stopped by. You never see this at smaller restaurants so that was a great perk! WE had the Paris Texas Burger and the chicken sandwich, both amazing! Would recommend to everyone!
5_star OMG! Mundo has the best food I have ever tasted!! I had the ribeye, my husband had the strip steak and my daughter had the chicken enchiladas. The steak was cooked to perfection, moist and tender. My husband said the same about his. My daughter could not stop raving about how amazing the food and service was. Being Las Vegas natives we have tried every restaurant in town and Mundo was by far the best one yet. The prices are very reasonable as well!! Oh then we had dessert, yet another amazing melt in your mouth, perfection! We met a very nice young man while we were there, he made the whole experience a step up from anything I have experienced in town. His name is Mingo! Thank you for an amazing dinner!!
3_star Way overrated breakfast spot. That they attract a crowd proves the adage of "location, location, location." There are much better choices nearby, including Daily Dose and the new First Watch tucked in next to Tarbell's
4_star This is the perfect Gilbert restaurant. Family friendly, quick cafeteria style service, the agricultural ambiance fits right in with Gilbert 's image as an historically agricultural community. The BBQ sauces ( one sweet, one hot) are to die for. The smoked and barbecued meats are wonderful. The only reason I can't give it five stars are the sides and desserts which just look tired. Lemon cake, which looked promising was dry, and the root beer cake was dense. Cheesy potatoes tasted good, but I'd be happier if they were just a bit juicier. Beans, however were delicious. Perhaps the dryness factor comes from having to sit out too long, but if you're not too fussy, you won't mind. All in all, however, a great place to eat. We'll be back, if only for the BBQ!
2_star Order-up + kofusion = slow service (50+ minutes every time) and incorrect order 3x times in a row. Now, we do all make mistakes - I get it but 3 strikes - I'm out. Add salt to the wound, order up's poor tracking service and response times are disappointing and frustrating. Competitors take advantage of the lack of auditing, systems and poor follow through!
4_star Yum! The Vegan destroyer with the fireworks sauce is sooo good. The pizza is delicious and not overly greasy. Takes a little longer than the bigger chains like dominos, but well worth the wait. On the pricier side, but the ingredients are high quality. Wish it were a little more affordable though, I would definitely order more often if it were!
3_star I went there for buffet twice. Moving from NYC hub of Indian restaurant, I am ought to be biased. I certainly have had better food. It gets crowded on weekend, wait time could be overwhelming. Food was okay there were plenty of dishes to try, Chicken tikka was good. The appetizer is average. Tandoori chicken was okay could have been better. The goat curry was not something I would recommend some one. Vegetarian dishes were better than the non vegetarian dishes. I was actually surprised to see it so crowded.
1_star Been coming here with my family at least 6 years. So very surprised at the service ... Or lack of when we came in last night . Our drink order was at least 15mins. Our food order was 30 mins (ordered at time of drink order ) family across from us was there before we were and they didn't get their food until at least 10 mins after ours. I ordered sweet potato fries and the basket was half as full as my sons order. We asked if I could get more. The waiters complained a bit, then said she would. These never came ... (They did adjust the cheque) but it's not about money at this point. Back when our orders did come, the 2 waitresses that brought them out dropped them in front of us regardless of where our hands or utensils were. Not sure if we would go back. Not cheap , crappy service, small portions. Not sure why we would . Too bad , was one of our regular places.
3_star We went here for lunch. Other than the flan (which why I didn't give it one star) everything else was just bland. Not worth the money.
3_star This review is for the bar.... Came here for drinks with a few folks. Service was very very very slow, drinks were OK. Will consider trying the restaurant, but won't go back to the lounge if I'm the one choosing where to go....
1_star First and last time here! Service sucked! Overpriced and the boneless wings were more like chicken strips dipped in hot sauce and they burned our fries to top it off. What a waste! Turn it back in to natives
1_star This place was disgusting! I wouldn't give this food to my cocker spaniel. It didn't even taste human grade. I knew it was middle of the road, but it turned out o be bottom of the barrel. We had enchiladas with barely any meat -- chicken and beef sirloin. The food was also incredibly salty. I don't understand how guacamole arrives with absolutely no taste whatsoever. It was bland and mealy. My mother had enchiladas as well. We all unrolled them and picked the meat out. I guess we were supposed to get full on corn tortillas. My husband ordered FOUR different margaritas and they were disgusting and weak -- full of syrup water and who knows what. I ordered a vodka martini up, no vermouth lime on the side. The waiter arrived with a SHOT of vodka with an olive in it. How does that happen? We couldn't even get a proper cocktail to whet our appetites. Our rationale was to at least to try and drink in order to drown out the mediocrity of the food. Chuys needs some serious help! This lack of quality will not last in Charlotte, even with the super low prices.
2_star I feel like chic fil a is a little pricy but usually worth it as the food and service are excellent. This was my first visit to this location & I only went because of the free iced coffee promotion. I asked before I ordered if I could have the iced coffee and the cashier replied"my pleasure". I was with my two small kids, I took our food to the table & she said she would bring the coffee out. She came to the table & told me they were out of the medium iced coffee cups so I couldn't have the coffee. I said a small would be fine or I didn't care what cup it was in and she clarified " no, my manager said you can't have the coffee since we are out of the medium iced coffee cups" oooookay. . .i thanked her, she was professional & polite. I didn't argue with anyone since it sounded final but I feel so cheated. They advertised this and I asked before I ordered. . .they were not out of the coffee & there were plenty of other cups in the restaurant it would have been easy to honor their ad & what they told me before I ordered. My expectation of chic fil a is that they always go out of their way to do the right thing but that was not the case at this location today. I really wish I had gone somewhere with a dollar menu. . .if I had known they were not going to honor their ad or if they would have just told me that before I ordered I would have gone next door & spent half as much. Since they did have the coffee I feel like they were just looking for any excuse not to honor their advertising. I'm very disappointed with this location.
3_star Sub shops are peculiar. There are so many chains, they must find a hook to stand out. Frankly, too many sub shops in this area appear a little too spartan, and possibly unclean. Service usually makes me think that the employee has been on the job only a few days and already hates the owner. This Firehouse seems to stand out as an exception. It is very clean, and service is efficient and exceptionally friendly. The food does not really rise above expectations, a creation designed to appeal to a low common denominator while keeping costs down. But that applies to all chain sub shops, and this Firehouse, at least, is better than the competition (but see my review of the new Publix across the street).
4_star "It's not perfect, you know what I mean?" -Dining Companion- In reference to the fact that 1) service is rather slow (if you know what you want, just order it all at once) 2) amount ordered is not always what's delivered 3) service is rather slow But! It's fun, and it fills you up! A perfectly reasonable option downtown when only hotpot will do. As mentioned, around $25 per person.
3_star I use to love this place...cool vibe...Awesome food and awesome Margaritas. A while back they no longer were open on Sunday's....sad day, but I moved on. Went tonight and ordered we were the only customers. Then 5 groups came in after us leaving our food in the window because there were only 2 employees and very busy making our food cold. I will give it another shot but it's also sad they no longer carry a liquor License so no more delicious margaritas.
1_star Great food but the lady at the cashier is the worse. She must be the owner. Not even a smile. I hate order to go and have to pay with her. The worse, absolutely worse.
1_star NO way, poor service and food was not worth how I was treated. I wouldn't recommend them to any one, it you want service like that just go to taco bell
5_star Best breakfast/brunch place! I have a gluten allergy and they have a gluten free menu! My husband has a dairy allergy and they didn't have a menu but they were very helpful with that! The coffee is amazing to! The waitstaff is wonderful! I had a Wisconsin Scrambler and my husband had an avocado scrambler! Amazing!
3_star I'll start by saying this place redeemed itself after making me a potentially miserable patron. I went to pick-up food yesterday. It took about 30 minutes for everything to be ready once I placed the order. I walked in, and though the place was really charming. It looked really clean, the colours were warm, and the décor was really pretty (along the back wall). We ordered 5 items, which I'll go into detail about later: chicken Thai spring rolls, emerald green chicken curry, steamed rice (cause apparently the curry doesn't come with rice), glass chicken noodles, and spicy noodles with chicken. I usually take inventory of what we get before I leave a restaurant, but they tied this bag so tight that I could only count by sight. I counted 5 containers, which was great cause I ordered 5 items. Well, you can see where this is heading, I get home and we were missing the glass noodles. This happened because the spicy noodles came in two separate containers. The servers DID notice this and called me twice and left a message. Well, of course I couldn't answer, being a responsible driver and all. So I got home and called them back. They were really apologetic and drove the food over themselves (which isn't a service they usually offer). That isn't why I gave 3-stars. I felt they really went above a beyond, it was a human error after all! We all make them. But the food just wasn't anything overly exceptional in my opinion. The spring rolls and glass noodles were the best part of the meal. -The glass noodles were flavourful with bok choy, chicken and onions. -The spicy noodles, really weren't spicy at all. But they had a lot of chicken and bell peppers, so it was still tasty enough. It was odd to me that we had to mix the noodles and sauce ourselves. I am curious why they serve it this way, not that it makes a big deal... -Finally, the emerald curry... it was pretty standard. How a restaurant can offer curry without rice, is beyond me. That aside, the chicken was good, and the few vegetables in the dish (broccoli, bamboo shoots and mini-corn) were cooked well. But it's a whole lot of money for a really mundane dish. I would probably go back, but only for lunch when they have their specials. Our entire meal came to $53
5_star super fresh food..great prices. ala carte and entrees both.
1_star Our worst experience EVER in Vegas. Service started out great. Drinks and our food order were put in promptly, and friendly fun people seated next to us. That's where it ends. That was it. We were ignored and waited & waited, watching others who came after us get their food. We watched our server pour wine at other tables while we were being completely ignored. We then asked another server what was going on? He brought us one of our items & disappeared. No plates, no drinks. Then a manager came out to assure us she would make it better, said she'd get us our drinks and expedite our food. She also said they would comp our meal. A server then brought out a 'complimentary' appetizer, it was a big pile of bread, no thanks, not something we'd ever order. We didn't touch it. We watched our server continue to serve others, no drinks, no food, extremely poor service. We walked out. Told our server we were leaving. Horrible.
5_star F*****g delicious. Ravioli was freshly made, lobster fried rice was amazingly covered throughout with giant pieces of lobster. The Filet mignon cooked perfectly to medium rare... Makes me want to go back right this second
1_star I ordered one slice of pepperoni pizza and had to wait 30 minutes to get it. When I finally got it, it was cold and it tasted cheap. I would have understood if it took 30 minutes for a hot slice, but why was it so cold? I noticed that I wasn't the only one with this problem as there were people asking for refunds. So if you're ever at Caesar's Palace and you're hungry, walk right past Difara. You're not missing out on anything
3_star Good place for casual lunch here in Chandler. Location in a strip mall can be a bit of turnoff. The hummus is delicious. A large plate is enough for four people to share. Sandwiches & salads are huge! Always have plenty for leftovers for the next day. Never tried their bar but it was certainly busy for a Saturday afternoon. I think they could expand their patio a little bit, but otherwise an okay place to eat here in Chandler.
4_star Great place! The interior is really causy and nice looking. It's the sort of place where you could spend hours talking and not noticing it. The staff is really nice and you can also go there to eat. You have a good selection of alcohols.
2_star After reading all of these ecstatic reviews, I mentioned to my boyfriend that it would be fun to try this restaurant someday for a fancy occasion. He took me there for my birthday last night and I was underwhelmed. First of all, the decor has not been updated since the 1970s at the latest. Lace tablecloths, hideous carpet, old school everything. The bar was equally strange. We asked for a wine-by-the-glass list at the bar and they didn't have one. We ordered a split of champagne. Upon being seated, we were presented with a massive plate of veggies, two "bread baskets" (translation - one basket of giant water crackers and one basket of flavorless pumpernickel cheese crackers) and handed the menu. The menu is as old school as menus get. Think about all the items you would see at a fancy restaurant in a small town...the kind where there is only one fancy restaurant. Totally typical meat and fish fare, everything bathed in some sort of butter sauce. Everything is exorbitantly expensive. Most entrees are well north of $50. The only thing on the menu that attracted me was the Maine lobster, but it was over $100 and I didn't feel like any entree at this restaurant would feel worth that much. We ordered the sea bass and the salmon. Before they arrived, we were treated to a citrus-lemon-lime sorbet bathed in champagne. A fun, old school touch. When they came, they were plated next to the table on a rolling station that kept everything warm. Both pieces of fish were insanely massive, looked like they had been fried at some point during the cooking process, and came in a giant pool of butter, along with a tomato stuffed with breadcrumbs and assorted lemon garnishes. They tasted ok and were cooked nicely. For dessert, we ordered the key lime pie 'from Florida'. It was great except had a soapy, bitter aftertaste so we sent it back and got an average Tiramisu. Then they brought out a plate of candied fruit dipped in chocolate along with a massive fruit bowl. None of it was great. It seems like the focus at Michael's is to give great service and to stuff the clientele so they are rolling out of the restaurant, not to wow people with food and ambiance. If you're a young, foodie type, skip this restaurant. If you're taking your grandparents out to a fancy dinner, this might just work. I will not be returning to this relic.
5_star Some of the more interesting food that you will get in the falls. The chefs put a lot of care into their craft and it is evident in the quality of the food that you get.
2_star I went to the restaurant on a friends recommendation. The atmosphere was too noisy, you had to yell across the table, it was freezing due to the blowing AC. We had to ask to moved; no offer from the waitress with many empty tables around us. Our waitress got our order wrong and did nothing to rectify the situation ( ie. free dessert or drink); just a mere apology. The pizza itself was great though. I would not go back.
5_star What a find! Heading back to Tucson we were searching for a place to grab lunch and we landed at this fabulous little place. Quality ingredients, skillful preparation and wonderful presentation made our meal enjoyable. We sampled the breakfast burrito, avocado and egg sandwich, fresh juices and a Milky Way coffee. The fresh veggies, tepary beans and were tasty and nothing was over cooked. There were no salt and pepper shakers on the table- they weren't needed because everything was seasoned just right! The comfortable, light and inviting atmosphere completed the experience. We will be back!
1_star Easy to sum up this place: Terrible. We had the Chicken Satay Dinner and the Avocado Peanut Stir-Fry. Both dishes were drowning in sugar - to a disgusting degree. The peanut sauce for the satay? Almost positive it's brown sugar with a splash of water and some chopped peanuts. The only thing decent was the plain white rice, and by decent, I mean the blandness was actually a refreshing change from the aggressive sweetness of everything else. We agreed it was the worst Thai food we've ever eaten - food court Thai included.
5_star Came here on a weekday with my family and could not have been more pleased. Service was exceptional, wine was tasty and fairly priced, and pizza was absolutely delicious. Would highly recommend the Four Seasons pizza and the iced espresso. 5 stars all around. This place is the MOTHER JEANS!!
5_star Tried WORTH on a whim after seeing other Yelp reviews. Had the Chicken Veggie Hash for lunch, which was *amazing*! It comes with "roasted seasonal vegetables" which happened to be sweet potatoes and asparagus. DELICIOUS! Another bonus is that they offer GLUTEN FREE options for the sandwiches. Any sandwich can be served without bread over a bed of greens and sweet potatoes (excluding grilled cheese). Give it a try, it's WORTH it!
5_star This place made me fall in love with pho all over again. The meat, the noodles, the broth, all were delicious and cooked perfectly. The spring rolls were superb too. And despite their being very busy the service was excellent. Highly recommended.
3_star I love love the food here the only problem is the servers don't speak English that good so at times it's hard to communicate and the bussers almost never do so getting drinks etc can be difficult especially if you cant find your server.
4_star Delicious comfort breakfast food. I would give it five stars if it weren't always so busy. You'd have to get there right when it opens to avoid a line up.
3_star The hostess and servers were very kind. Things seemed a little slow to come out and they didn't seem overly busy or understaffed. For example our salads and then meal came before our appetizer, even though between salad and the meal we asked the waitress if it was still coming, so we ended up cancelling the appetizer. Ordered beet salad (excellent) and pesto garden pizza (more kale than other veggies, not a lot of flavor, good crust- but I'll stick to my Papa Murphy's veggie pizza!) and my husband had steak and mashed potatoes. With as many excellent restaurant choices there are in the Valley, I don't think I'll need to repeat this one
4_star This cart features local and organic fare. The pasture raised pork carnitas are fantastic. Hands down the best food cart around Charlotte.
4_star Melt is awesome, but plan on splitting you sandwich with a friend (or taking half of it home) - these things are HUGE. If you're not in a cheesy mood, the vegetarian chili is also very tasty, and has a bit of a kick to warm you up on cold winter nights. The Independence location is a bit different than the Cleveland Heights and Lakewood versions. It has a much more open feel, with low walls and very little room to stand around the bar. The decor seems more 'organized' than at the other locations.. not bad, just different. I was here on a beautiful Friday afternoon for happy hour, and the crowd didn't show up until a little after 6.
2_star I first tried Rose City Kitchen last year and ordered the Original box. It was amazing, and portions were decent. Recently I've found that the portions have gotten smaller, making it quite expensive for what you get. Today I ordered a kale salad with chicken and there's about half a cup of water at the bottom of the box. Quality has definitely gone down. Don't think I'll be coming back again. Sad.
5_star Everything about this restaurant is AMAZING! We had an amazing view, the food was fantastic, and the staff, were all very helpful and friendly. The Chef, Chef Dave even came out to see how we enjoyed the food. I've never met such a great Chef! I will make sure to come here again next time I make a trip to Vegas!
1_star The food was okay. The service from Joe our waiter was great. The way in which we were mislead was unacceptable. We came to the Steakhouse at a Camelot on a Sunday night expecting to be be eligible for the $29.99 3 course meal. When I made my reservation I specifically said that I was coming for the $29.99 3 course meal. When we sat down to our meal I asked for the prix fixe menu and was told that the $29.99 offer isn't available on Sundays. Because we were not eligible for the $29.99 deal we went ahead and ordered off of the regular menu. After leaving the restaurant we looked at several of the posters advertising the $29.99 meal and did not find any mention of the offer only being available for certain days. What the management at Steakhouse at Camelot is doing is wrong and misleading. Our food was inconsistent. My steak was overcooked. I ordered a medium New York steak and was provided with a well done piece of meat. Fortunately my wife's steak was cooked properly. I liked my side of mushrooms and onions, but my wife found the sauteed spinach to be too salty. Our apple tart was fairly good and the Irish coffee I ordered was tasty. By the way, I saw another patron sending his food back, although I did not send my steak back. The best part of our meal was the service from our waiter Joe. I've never had my water glass filled so many times and I could tell he was a hard worker who takes his job seriously. If it hadn't been for the fact that management misleads its customers I would have given Steakhouse at Camelot three stars based on great service and inconsistent food.
4_star Macarons are so delicious!!!!!! Downside is that this place is not so convenient for me. The tarts are not that good though (especially compared to some other places) their macarons are amazing though. I love the lychee raspberry, still have to try the salted caramel here. During Easter season I ordered the egg hunt tart, it tasted a bit like soap....
3_star Over priced Steak Frites and Fries. The fries were bland and lacked the zing of the signature Wolf Gang brand. Good service kinda offset the mediocre food.
5_star I stopped in here for Breakfast on a Sunday while waiting for training at the Apple store close by. I sat at the bar and was very impressed with the staff and how helpful and friendly they were. I ordered the Breakfast scramble and added kale it was delicious!! Its great to know that healthy dosent have to mean bad taste. They let me sample a juice drink Kaleaid and will be getting that next time!!
4_star I go to montreal quite often and come here for a cheap meal. I always get the whole chicken (no sauce) very crispy skin and not oily. The Bibimbap is also very good. I live in toronto full time and there is a lot of great korean placea to chose from. This one holds up to them . I tried other items like the rice cakes and they were only ok. They are closed for vacation for a few weeks so check before going there. Emjoy
5_star I am not very brave when it comes to food, so when I ordered food here, I got the one that was most familiar to me. (wonton chicken ramen) It was absolutely delicious! Ordered to go, so they give you the soup in two different containers which I really like, because this way the wontons don't get soggy. Also got a Jinya bun, pretty similar to a pork bun, which was really good too. I would definitely recommend if you were looking for a great soup fix!
1_star The food always takes extremely long. The customer service is sub par. The lobby is always dirty. The parking lot is hard to navigate.
2_star We dined here for dinner with a large group while visiting Phoenix over Memorial Day Weekend... PROS: -Awesome view of all of Phoenix, like super awesome view. -Ambiance, the place is decorated to the 9's in complete western and country swag. There is a live country band playing music on stage, a dance floor, livestock, and just a cool floor plan overall. -Kid/ Family friendly, including a slide for the kids to play on all night as well as an arcade area -Separate bar and dining area, was able to accommodate our large crowd of 30+. CONS: -Staff, not very attentive, I understand we had a large group, but you also had notice of our reservation... staff up. -Food, nothing special. It was by no means bad, but for these prices I've had way better. The free biscuits and cinnamon butter were the best thing I ate all night. -Lack of vegetables or other alternatives on the menu, although I am a proud and happy meat eater, this would NOT be the place for your vegetarian friends, or friends that prefer to have some greens. -Waitressing staff at the end of the night went back and forth for what seemed like an hour, on whether or not they could split the check. Either way, we just wanted to go home. She finally split is by table and comes up and tells us, "so these aren't 100% accurate but this is what it's supposed to cost." I kid you not. She charged us for what she "thought" the bill was supposed to be rather than what we actually ordered. Major fail. Clearly the cons outweigh the pros. If you're going here for the food, don't. If you're going here because you want an awesome view and atmosphere and you don't mind the mediocre food and service, just know what's in store for you and your party. From the other reviews on here it doesn't look much different if you're a party of 2 or a group of 30+.
3_star I much prefer drinking here to eating here. Sometimes it is the only place close and I decide to order food and I always regret it. I'm a vegetarian so maybe I'm too limited and the burgers are awesome So stick to traditional fare. The salads my daughter and I had yesterday were pathetic
4_star Came here for a big birthday dinner and we were not disappointed. After reading the reviews we were prepared - they did try to up sell out lobster and king crab. We were specific in what size we wanted and for the most part they complied (only paid about 5 bucks extra for the bigger crab). They come out with the live lobster and crab to show you and to take photos of your upcoming meal. Quite entertaining watching people take selfies with their lobsters. Food was amazing! I love seafood and this really hit the spot. The presentation was really nice. Enjoyed every aspect of the meal. The fried crab was really good - best part of the meal for sure! We also ordered a few extra dishes to complement all the seafood. We ordered a whole chicken which was good - on the smaller side considering you can go across the street to the supermarket to get a similar one for half the price. The mushroom efu noodle was meh - soggy and sticky. This place definitely has their seafood skills down - wouldn't order their other dishes. We had extras so they packed it up and we had lunch for the next day. The service here was not characteristic of typical Chinese restaurants. We had great service with friendly staff coming by to wish my loved one a happy birthday (we had a cake and they volunteered to refrigerate it for us).
1_star I came here one day during because there was a huge lineup outside Sushi on Bloor and I didn't feel like going to New Generation because I was recently there. I must say, with all the sushi restaurants on Bloor Street, I don't really think that there is anything special or good to say about this restaurant that sets it apart from the others. I had their chicken teriyaki and it tasted like microwave-cooked chicken. It was too dry; there were no signs that it even touched the grill. Overall, just horrible and not worth your money. Just go to some other sushi restaurant on Bloor Street; there are plenty.
1_star Never going back overpriced and gross food. It cost $18 for a burger fries and a small can of pop. It took a long time to get the food too.
2_star Insanely slow. All they did was apologize. They got my order wrong too. Soupe Provencal very bland. Took a while to get our waiter to bring some salt & pepper for it. Strawberry tart, meh. Was bitter as the orange pate sucree had too much rind. Johnny cake cobbler had a very strong flour taste, yuck. The Bouchon cocktail at the BH location is better. Plus the butter here isn't honey butter. Still... Overall not bad, especially for Vegas. The Julia Child promotional prix fixe was a good deal. The pork portion was huge, almost disgustingly so. Desserts were also quite big.
3_star I've been here twice with friends who absolutely swear by this place but I still can't figure out why... The tacos are very reasonably priced (by Vegas Strip standards) at $2 each but nothing on the menu really stands out as I've had as good or better at my local taquerias in Los Angeles. I also don't like the setup where different meats are in different lines. Makes it more complicated for the customers and inefficient...
2_star If you are going to pay $52 dollars for the most expensive meet cut, you expect high quality meat. Instead I got a piece of meat that was 1/3 filled with fat, fat!! Come-on this is what you expect when you are eating at a college kid barbeque party. While my gf order the shrimp pasta and that was unbelievably oily if you are going to cook with sausage one knows hit has natural oil so you dont need to fill up the frying pan with extra oil, someone needs to question the cooks they got. Baked oyster was alright it was tasty, but buttery and oily as well, but still flavorful. The only thing good about this place is the service. The main waiter was very helpful when choosing a cocktail. The servers where very friendly as well. Bottom line: This place can cost over $150 person, depends what and quantity of order, skip the food at this place just come for cocktails. This place got two stars for service and cocktails. Would have gotten four if I was describing a lounge or bar.
2_star The food at this place was quite greasy and lacking flavor. I wouldn't call this place authentic as it's just a lot of fried food with greasy yellow cheese. I do NOT recommend this for visitors looking for authentic Mexican food.
2_star Overpriced for what you get . . . and you never know what you might get. Dried, old rice and fish is what I received. I love sushi, but will never go here again. Had been there before for dine-in, and the food was good. Ordered take out, and was terribly disappointed. Inconsistent.
3_star The pizza here was good, but not worth the money. For the price I really expected something different. The pizza was very basic nothing really speacial. It was good but too simple for the price.
5_star D's is always worth the trip, whether you're stopping by for some food or heading straight to the beer cave to build your own six pack. Maybe it attracts a certain kind of younger crowd, but it is truly a no-frills kind of place and the people working there could not be more friendly and accommodating. The first time I came here our server was super chill and chatty with us as well as patient while we took our time figuring out how many add-ons to pile on top of our food despite the busy atmosphere of the place. The food is cheap and hits the spot, for meat eaters and vegetarians alike. I will say their seitan wings were particularly crunchy/dry and not altogether satisfying shared between people, but the flavors were great. But let's be real, you're probably coming here for the dogs. It's cool, I do too. And you will probably want to add avocado to whatever it is you're getting, because avocado is for winners, just like the ocean. One night, during some seriously biblical amounts of rain and lightning, the power went out temporarily and workers and patrons alike kept on going like it was -no big deal-, demonstrating that the strength of D's can weather any storm.
4_star Decided to come into Bareburger and give it a try as it just opened not too long ago. This is the first location of Bareburger outside of the US and is situated in a prime location as it's very near the Eaton Center. There is a good selection of different burgers with various kinds of patty (beef, bison, elk, wild board, duck, turkey, and vegan options). You can also customize and build a burger to your liking too! I also liked that Bareburger has Sir Kensington ketchup. This is not your ordinary ketchup at all. It's way more delicious and is the best ketchup I've had so far. Overall, 4/5. AMBIENCE [5/5] Great design for a burger joint. The decor had a rustic feel to it and definitely was very fitting for a burger joint. The music that was playing in the background matched the setting and was at the right volume. The restaurant really has a nice and relaxing feel to it. Interestingly, both TV's in the restaurant was on the Teletoon channel. SERVICE [5/5] Service was very good as the waiters and waitresses were very attentive and friendly. The waiter for my table also gave an introduction on how the menu works and highlighted important information. FOOD [3/5] The Standard Burger - $11.25 This burger was fairly good. One of the better ones that I had in Toronto. The meat was flavourful and tender. I personally would have liked it to be a bit more juicy. This burger had the right amount of toppings and sauce such that it did not over power the flavour of the meat. Overall pretty good but fairly expensive for just a burger. Note that all the red meats are cooked medium well, so if you want it differently you need to ask. Sweet Fries (Sides) - $4.85 These were good and was a good quantity for a side dish. They tasted just like sweet potatoes and were very fresh. However, my order didn't come with the two dipping sauces: special sauce and buttermilk ranch. It seems like these two sauces only come with the order from the "Shares" section and not the "Sides" section.
1_star I know some people are going to completely disagree with my 1 star rating here, and to be honest, 10 years ago I would have thought the same; but considering how much the culture of Greek food on the Danforth has evolved in the past 10 years, Mr Greek seems to have been left far, far behind. Mr Greek has slid to becoming nothing more than a glorified cafeteria. That might actually be giving it more credit than it deserves though, because I've been to some cafeterias that aren't absolutely horrible. I remember stopping in there in the past and having some pretty decent souvlaki, but what you're presented with now is nothing close to decent. The souvlaki is tough and tasteless, the rice is lukewarm and overcooked, the vegetables were likely previously frozen; bottom line is, this is in no way an accurate representation of what Greek food is in Toronto. Add in the sweaty, pushy serving staff, and you have an all around poor dining experience. I actually complained via email last time I went, and I promptly received an email back from the owner full of profuse apologies and promises of a better meal, nicer service and an overall better experience if I returned. Although I appreciated his effort, the last thing I want is to be forced another meal there. I know restaurants can have a bad day, and I'm willing to overlook that. But from what I saw, this was just another day in the life of crappy restaurant living of it's achievements in the distant past. On a street with as many options as the Danforth, there's absolutley no reason (or excuse!) to end up in this joint.
4_star My review is for the wedding services they provide. When my now-husband and I found out that we could get married at Denny's we decided that we had to do it. I received excellent service once I was put in touch with Sheila, the manager. She explained to me what I options I could choose from and we went from there. In the beginning, we had chosen the cheapest option, but we were upgraded because we had a special guest musician perform for us. The upgrades were great! The flower bouquet and boutonniere was so pretty!!! The cake pops were delicious and the set up looked great! We had also wanted an Elvis minister, so they put us in touch with one and he was fantastic!! I would definitely recommend getting married at Denny's if you are thinking about getting married in Vegas!
2_star My wife and I stopped here for dinner. We were practically the only people in the restaurant - on a Friday night! Our server was not well trained and seemed more concerned about herself than her few customers. The food that we received was well cooked and good - however, it is not what we ordered. Both my wife and I were served the wrong dish! We aren't the type to send it back, so we didn't say anything... we just paid the bill - which took way to long to come to our table. In short, good food, but the place felt like it was dying as it was deserted on a weekend night and the wait service was awful.
5_star Hirut is great. Delicious food, friendly staff, a down-to-earth feel. I couldn't ask for more. It's my favourite Ethiopian place in town... I think partly because it doesn't feel like it is trying hard to be great; it just is. I haven't been for any live events, but I love the idea that they do this.
1_star I ordered the filet medium. When it finally came, it looked like a well done hamburger. I've had filets here before and they were ok. I asked the waitress if all the filets looked like this now. She put her hands on her hips and said what's wrong with it. The manager came over and asked if there was a problem. I showed it to him and he acted like it was fine and offered me a new one. I told him no thanks. Won't be going back there anymore.
2_star After checking with a bartender, she directed us to pick any table on the patio that we wanted. We sat down with no menus, and waited 8 minutes before we were acknowledged. We finally received our menus and waited another 6 minutes before the server came back to get our orders. We received two beers, which were both delicious! After finishing the beers, we waited and waited and waited till the server came to check on us. At that point we were hungry, but didn't want to wait longer, so we decided to get food elsewhere. We asked for our check and waited another 9 minutes until the server gave it to us. I wish I could say they were busy. They were not. Such a shame because the patio and the beers are awesome. (the only reasons this place got 2 stars)
4_star A good, if a bit pricey, breakfast place. Meal was filling and came fast and was good all around. Staff were very helpful with a couple extra requests. It is more than I would normally pay for a breakfast, but given food quality and the business's location I'm more than okay with that as an every once in a while thing.
4_star The food was great! We only came for Sandwiches though, so i can't comment on anything else! My daughter had the BLT and I had a Turkey Avocado. The onion rings were big, crispy, and tasty! The service was wonderful! There were only about 3 people there though. There was music playing the entire time! My daughter had so much fun playing Johnny Cash on the Jukebox! There was a HUGE selection of Oldies. We didn't try the table jukeboxes, so not sure if they worked or not! The prices are very reasonable! We'll def. be back seeing we only live a few blocks away! The kids really enjoyed the atmosphere!
5_star Honestly this place is the best! The staff are so friendly, the portions are huge and most importantly the food is delicious. They really take care in choosing quality ingredients while also being creative with their combination of flavours. My go to is the ahi tuna bowl and it never disappoints. Definitely recommend to anyone craving delicious fresh and filling poke bowls. Ono for the win!
2_star Wow, first time there and the server was one of the worst. Food was mediocre at best, especially for being the Saturday evening special. Very loud atmosphere, generally uncomfortable. Our experience downtown has been great. Sorry to end our weekend on such a downer. We should have listened to our friends.
3_star The dolma (stuffed grape leaves) was fantastic. The gyros not so much the meat wasn't all that great and the tzatziki sauce had an unusual favor. My friend says the chicken gyro was amazing. All in all I I will try them again!
5_star Never fails to disappoint! Best sushi in Richmond Hill / Vaughan area. Generous helpings of amazingly delicious fish. Maki rolls are simply so fantastic that it seems impossible to ever have better
4_star I really like this place, but I had to dock it one-star simply because the service and some of the menu items could be improved (very easily, I might add). I love the super nachos w/carne asada and the chicken quesadillas (no veggies added) w/sour cream on the side. So good!
5_star Some of the best tacos in town highly recommended. Take the whole family here to eat because you can't beat there prices! Highly recommended!
4_star My FAVE place for happy hour. Especially great during football season. They have happy hour for Monday Night Football from 'kick off' to the final play. I usually order their fried calamari and a glass of white wine. Hubby and I consider ourselves "regulars". We've been to both Yard Houses in Vegas. Looking forward to the Yard House that will be opening in San Jose Santana Row in February 2011.
3_star It does not inspire confidence when your bar tendar has to look up on his phone the most basic of drinks, not complicated high ball drinks I'm talking white Russians and Manhattans, service was slow and food was not stand out, I could say these things could be attributed to growing pains but we wont be back to find out.
5_star Literally no competition. Rolled tacos are awesome, California burritos are to die for...with shoes string fries as the potatoes, and the breakfast burritos with eggs, bacon, and cheese (add potatoes)....are the BEST. Don't judge a book by its cover, as you will miss out. Family owned.
1_star Not sure how other people can give this place anything better than two stars. I ate here as one of first places when I moved a little over a month ago and it was just not good. The rice on all the sushi was mushy. The sushi chefs didn't look like they cared very much about the sanitation of their prep areas. Not a fan...
2_star Employees where very nice and ok priced, but tacos were not good at all there was fat in every bite of my asada tacos. I couldn't even eat the last one. Took a picture if anyone wants to see. Will not go back
3_star The place was all right. I liked that they had a wide array of food to choose from, I just wish it were consistent and better. Some of the food, I found to be off, which could be a bit too salty, a bit too bland, a bit oddly tasting, or a bit cold for my liking. I appreciate that there was a mongolian grill, but I wish there were more options for me to put in my stir fry. The sushi, overall, was ok. I knew it was fresh, since there was a sushi chef there, putting sushi out. The sushi was hit or miss; I found some of it to be pretty decent and some to be kinda salty. The dessert pastries were dry, almost hard and their cheesecake was still a bit too hard from being frozen. The service was okay as well. It wasn't bad, but at some point in the visit, we had a few plates pile up and empty cups on the table for a bit before anyone came over to remove them or refill. So in comparison to other buffets, this one was just all right. It wasn't spectacular and it wasn't horrible; I would come back and maybe give this place another chance.
4_star Kiyoshi is always a good place if you're in the mood for sushi. Place is nice if you go in person, or they deliver which is even better. We've always had excellent food from them.
1_star Very disappointed in the poor quality of food. As someone who knows authentic Bosnian food, I can say with certainty that this isn't it. The "?evap" are rubbery and not at all how they should be. The kajmak isn't kajmak it's sour cream! Plain sour cream. If you can't make it, then don't put kajmak/sour cream on your menu, just write sour cream so it doesn't give people false hope. They charge a lot of money for nothing. It's pretty sad. Not to mentioned I hated parking there with a nice car, heck, with any car.. it was super sketchy. Not a safe place to be for a dining experience. Sincerely, Disappointed
5_star What an incredible experience! A few members of our wine sales team dined at farm for a little Christmas celebration. Service was outstanding, can't remember the young ladies name but she was absolutely brilliant and charming and took excellent care of our table. Food was equally as outstanding. We will be back for sure!
1_star Terrible service. I've been here two hours and haven't gotten my appetizer yet. I will never come back here.
4_star Yum! My friends and I went to KGB after a long night of gambling. Our waitress was super sweet despite a large-ish group. I got the Cheeseburger Soup and the Chocolate Malt Shake, yum-o. I also stole a handful of tater-tots from a friend and those were cooked perfectly. The portions were big for the cost (in Vegas) and everyone enjoyed their food. I took off a star because the food was slightly over seasoned for my taste.
4_star Another yummy meal at Bouchon. I've been to the original in Yountville years ago and to this one as well about 2 years ago. They did it again, although I must say that my previous visit had a bit of an edge on this one. Maybe it was because last time I was part of a party of 10, therefore able to sample a wide variety of foods. Also, last time I had the lovely foie gras terrine which was CREAMY, RICHNESS, CLOG YOUR ARTERIES DELICIOUSNESS! I couldn't order it this time since there were only 2 of us and both of us would have had instant heart attacks if I had! So back to this visit: Started off with a half dozen of my favorite creamy oysters from the Northwest, is there a better way to begin a meal? I had the duck breast which was the perfect ratio of fat to juicy meat and I, unlike some of you yelpers, enjoyed the orange sauce that accompanied it! It is duck a la orange after all...The special peeky-toe crab salad was excellent, even if it was on the miniscule side. And the classic chicken was simply cooked to perfection. Yes, the bread here is near perfection and we ate every last bite of it! Finished with the three bites of brownies with tin dollops of mint, chocolate, and carmel ice cream-the perfect ending. Only complaint here was that the restaurant was not that busy, so it took away from the usual energy of the place.
5_star Eating is a subjective experience. One person's orgasmic-gourmandic experience may be another's mediocre meal. Tastes vary greatly and it all boils down to that meal at that moment in that place.That being said, if you don't find Lulu to be absolutely amazing then there is something horribly wrong with you. We went on the friday after Thanksgiving and Charlotte must have been still under the effects of post-gobbler tryptophan malaise because when we arrived we were one of three tables, a scenario which I understand to be atypical. We were greeted warmly and seated by a window which framed a vignette of Central Ave at night. Wine was poured, conversation ensued and then the food was plunked down in front of us. My wife had the eggplant lasagna and I opted, in spite of the "you are what you eat" connotations, for the Chowdahead. My wife's dish was excellent, smoky and perfectly balanced taste and texturally. My Chowdahead, well let's just say the only superlative that could come close to describing it is "wicked awesome." For those of you not from New England, that means phenomenal. A fillet of salmon, which was perfectly cooked, lay atop a bed of the most wonderful chowder I've had south of the Mason-Dixon line. That evening was one of the first nights with a winter chill in the air this season and these two entrees fit the weather perfectly. Hot, rich, perfectly seasoned and filling. Our waitress was great, the service excellent. It was comfort food with class, served in a warm atmosphere coupled with good wines and great service. It was, absolutely, the best meal I've had in Charlotte in years. And I hear they do brunch as well.
3_star Reviewed Dish: Hamburger - Double patty burger Reviewed during: Mon - Fri Lunch time Service Speed: 2 / 5 Cooking speed: 2 / 5 Food Quality: 3 / 5 Food Quantity: 4 / 5 Price: 1 / 5 Cleanness: 4 / 5 Repeat: No I have tried Five Guys on Yonge several times, the burgers are decent, but no match for Slab Burgers / Holy Chuck. I tried the fries 4 different times, - The first time was way undercooked - 2nd time was soggy - 3rd time was soggy - 4th time was finally acceptable if you decide to eat there, stick with the burgers.
1_star Shocked by favorable reviews. The Cesar salad was warm, wilted with mediocre dressing. Seabass was overlooked and a bit on the fishy side. Pasta was an odd combination of ingrediants. Salmon was better than other dishes. Once again, odd combination of fava beans, sundried tomatoes, prosciutto, and overripe fresh tomatoes. Nothing tasty or memorable here. Could not recommend.
2_star This review is STRICTLY for the nightclub at Lavo. I've been to Lavo a few times. I was not impressed at all the first time I was there and have only grudgingly gone back for friends birthdays/bachelorette parties. I'm a local and I just cant understand the hype about Lavo. The decoration is cool and its a very sexy vibe but for as much as you expect from their reputation, Lavo is TINY!!!! There's really only one square cut out for a dance floor and the stairs that lead up to it are always wet. I don't personally think there should be stairs leading on and off a dance floor anyway. Nevermind the few flights you have to walk up and down to get in and out of the club from the restaurant as is. The music was average. Not really much variety. Just all house music. And it's so crowded in such a tiny space I've been burned by smokers' cigarettes on more than one occasion. I'm not even a smoker. Like I said, I understand the Vegas nightlife and I've seen smaller clubs than Lavo but for how many people rave about this place I think it's way over-hyped.
4_star Blows the roof off of local competitors in this type of food. I would go here at least three times a week if I lived closer. Great tasting and great for post workout.
3_star Great atmosphere but as a vegetarian (not vegan) it's a horrible place for dinner. Its easy for me to make do at most restaurants but this place doesn't even have enough options. If you feel like snacking over a drink then go but you will starve for dinner.
3_star The service was okay but the served portion was rather small. The potatoes were a bit too salty in my opinion and the plate looked kinda empty. However, the chocolate strawberry crepe I ordered tasted good. I haven't been to a lot of brunch places but I would recommend "Allo mon coco" over Tutti Frutti despite its pricier menu because the food portion and quality you get there is more worth the price.
1_star I was so excited to try a waffle at The Crepe Shack...but when we got there at 10:38 a.m. on Monday February 29th they were still closed. Yelp said they opened at 10:30 a.m. and so did the sign on their window. No lights were on, nobody was inside. We waited until almost 11:00 and still nobody came to open the restaurant. I was bummed, so I went onto Yelp, looked up Waffles again and found another restaurant called Egg Works. I am now eating a delicious Harvest waffle which was highly recommended by our polite and friendly waiter Rob and am a happy camper! Crepe Shack lost two new customers and Egg Works gained two new customers!
3_star Fantastic service and great ambiance. Our waiter was very attentive and friendly. Sadly the food is just.....ok. My fettuccine alfredo was very bland and my husband's lasagna wasn't much better. Our son liked his chicken fingers!
2_star "Best" Gyros - umm , not. I've been here twice - once within the first week of opening (so I'll discount that mediocre experience) and then now. My latest order was at 11:30 AM. I ordered the regular size meat lover's gyro, which, according to the menu, has seasoned, cubed chicken in addition to the gyro meat and regular ingredients. It was highly disappointing; here's why: 1.) I had been looking forward to a gyro for days - so the "Best" sounded like luxury. But, 2.) the gyro meat was dryed out, not slightly charred, not luscious as it should be. More spins without cuts for customers equals more jerky-like product and, lamb jerky, while a heck of a good idea, is not what I had in mind for lunch. Did you guys forget to pay the gas fired spit grill bill? 3.) I looked up tzatziki after this experience and in all the best reviewed recipes I found - all had a critical component that I felt was gapingly missing from this joint's sauce - acid. Best Gyro's sauce is like cream cheese with herbs - advice to management - walk across the street to the Turkish place and just taste their food, lest you be embarrassed to ask for advice. This creamy, too stiff sauce was consistent with visit one and would be best served on a mish-mosh bagel. Please offer cut lemons for people who like gyros. GOOD THINGS: 1.) the flat bread was griddled perfectly. 2.) "BEST" Actually - After hearing your apparently non-grecian staff handle phone-in orders pronouncing the Establishment's name on greeting I became freed forever of my fear of offending greek restaurant owners everywhere - it shall forever be as I first thought it should be- my "kronos emancipation pronunciation" - 'ghai (like chai, as in tea) -row", ghai-row, not 'yee-ro'. 3.) BEST - when you guys fail, and you're set up to, the physical plant and what you've done to it is perfect for a worthy replacement. The landlord is the winner here. Get a grip on the basics guys and I'll be back.
4_star I went to Nazareth yesterday and we lucked out because it was nearly empty inside (however it filled up within 30 minutes of our arrival and then there was a bit of a line.) The service was fast and friendly, but there was a bit of a wait to get our actual plate, but it wasn't uncomfortably long. Our server checked on us regularly and was very pleasant. We ordered one order of the vegetarian combination plate, and between the two of us, we still didn't finish all of it. Over all it was a great experience, we got there at just the right time and the bill was ridiculously cheap.
1_star Went to RA last night. Their happy hour has always been one of our favorites. We showed up to find that corporate has decided to butcher the happy hour. Not only were the selections minimal, the quality seemed to suffer greatly as well. We won't be back, especially with all of the other great happy hours in the area. Nice move corporate! Let's see how that one works out for you.
1_star This place treats their employees like crap. They pay under the table and don't even pay minimun wage, even though their employees work 10-16 hour shifts. They don't even get their meals for free or at any kind of a discount. And they wonder why they have such a high turnover.
5_star I have never actually felt the need to write a review but I must for this place. In a word WONDERFUL! Why? Fantastic food. We had pizza, fries, Alfredo-all absolutely delicious! The service was great. We were a large party and they threw in extras. I have never felt so pampered. Don't be put off by the small looking size of the place. Go in and enjoy!
5_star had breakfast Friday, was great. could not believe I cleaned my plate. that never happens. new location is beautiful and huge. no waiting and much brighter and more open. very happy.
4_star I did not expect to like the place but I was quite surprised when I visited for a friend's event. The service was very efficient and energetic (except maybe the reception at the door which was a snooty and over the top, just ignore and have a good time - that was my reaction). Advice was volunteered by the waiting staff and very rich. The person who took care of us did his best to make everyone feel comfortable and succeeded. He certainly gave this restaurant a better image. The food was rich. Perhaps a little uneven however. The tartare was delicious and the squid was a little salty. I didn't have a main course but the wine selection was good and there are reasonably priced choices. The ambiance is loud and happy, especially on weekends. Perhaps not the best place for a quiet date (maybe visit on a Monday or Tuesday for that). It's certainly the kind of place you visit to have a memorable night out on the town before dancing of after a show.
1_star Cash only?! Pamela's is a classic diner style restaurant. The food is decent and the staff is mostly friendly. They get one star b/c they only take cash, making this a great place to meet a friend, if that friend is visiting from 1981. Seriously... who carries cash anymore? There should be a big sign on the door "cash only", but instead, they get you in and tell you after your meal. After you have a moment of embarrassment, they direct you to a nearby ATM. So your omelet and coffee now cost $8 + $3 ATM fee + $1.50 fee from your bank. Maybe the owners don't understand or trust financial institutions enough to get a credit/merchant account. (If so, perhaps they also keep the profits in the freezer instead of a bank account.) Or maybe the owners are too cheap to pay the $20/mo service fee + 3% transaction fee. I asked the cashier about this, and she said if they took credit/debit, they'd have to raise their prices. Please, raise the price of my breakfast by 3%... heck I'll even give you 10%. I'd gladly pay $8.80 instead of $8 for my omelet and coffee for the convenience - your prices are low anyway. Pamela's staff: This policy is hurting you in 2 ways: 1) Your are getting lower tips than you would if people paid by credit/debit - customers are more generous when paying with plastic. 2) Cash-only businesses are much more likely targets for robbery and armed robbery.
5_star We went in for Restaurant Week and it was fantastic. We were both happy with the caesar and the mixed green salads. The steak and lobster was a really good deal plus you get a sizable loaded baked potato to go with it. The lobster tail was also larger than either of us anticipated. Our server was extremely helpful and as good as it gets. The bar service was very good as well as we had a couple drinks there first during happy hour ($7 off regular price). I'm sure we'll return.
3_star Wow, based on the other reviews, people seem to really like this place. I thought it was OK. I got the all meat sub which had a generous portion of meat, but all of the condiments on the sandwich made it really wet and a bit of a mess to eat. It was a pretty good deal - I think it was $7 for the sandwich, chips and a soda - but given the choice between a Subway and this place, it would really be a toss up.
5_star Been here many times, service always on point, super friendly staff, amazing food, great selection of beer, don't even let me started on the patio, best beer garden in las vegas. Family friendly and booze friendly too! Lol. Cheesey totz on the secret menu is a must have. Its your everyday american food with a surprising and unexpected twist
1_star Went to lebowskis for Dyngus Day for some polish beer ,cabbage ,polish sausage and pierogies . Okay so this is what I got a piece of toast, tasteless cabbage , bratwurst and some factory processed pierogies. Awful it is very sad to say that the owner is a buffalo native related to this dish.On another note The service was good
2_star It took more than 45 minutes to get our food. When it finally arrived, 3 of our 4 meals were cold. No dishes were amazing - disappointing considering the higher than average price.
4_star I went with 7 others tonight for the first time & was impressed. I thought it was great fast food. The BBQ chicken was pretty good, the chicken fingers were surprisingly great & the hush puppies were fantastic. The fries were OK, the cole slaw was good, the sweet potato fries were good. The others I was with enjoyed the ribs & the BBQ (pork). The peach cobbler was pretty good & the peach (sweet) tea was tasty. I'm not saying it's the best BBQ or anything, but for the price & fast food, I think it's well worth it.
4_star A Pittsburgh classic! A must try for anyone visiting the Burg and wants to participate in a long time favorite. You'll get a sandwich with fries and slaw topped on it in a tasteful fashion! If you go to the one on Carson you will get the Best experience!
5_star I'm not planning on being overly elaborate in my praise, but this was seriously the best chinese food I have ever had. I wasn't even particularly in the mood for chinese, but my brother was in town and was craving some. This was the first time yelp played a role in my choice, and I am so glad I listened to the reviews. I'm pretty sure I have finally found the chinese place to go to in Pittsburgh.
2_star Couldn't wrap a burrito to save their life .. Didn't add everything I asked for just started wrapping my burrito !! Customer service had gone down in the past year Good food but are better chipotles to go to!
5_star Recommended by a friend from my hometown and thought I'd give it a try. Food and drinks were great! Potato salad was like nothing I've tasted before...so good! Highly recommend the caramel milkshake. Max, our server, was so friendly and helpful! He made sure we were enjoying our time and was very good at checking up on us. The guy refilling water and taking dishes was so sweet too. They were also able to adjust a meal to my friend's allergy and gluten free requests! If you're in Vegas go to the Venetian hotel (the restaurant is inside by the casinos) for lunch or dinner here...so worth it.
4_star My boyfriend and I ended up here because I mistakenly thought it was part of the $20 food & beverage coupon that you get for the Luxor/Excalibur when you stay at one of those casinos. That's what I get for not reading the voucher all the way through! All the same, I'm very glad I made that mistake because otherwise I would have never thought to go to Tacos 'n' Tequila for breakfast. We were there during the Sunday Mariachi Brunch. I ordered the chilaquiles and my boyfriend had the albondigas. Both dishes were wonderfully flavored and the portion sizes were more than sufficient; however the real star of our breakfast were our micheladas. Hands down the best micheladas we've ever had. A perfect blend of spicy and hearty. Gave us just the pep we needed to start our day in Vegas! The service was great. Our waiter was very attentive and friendly and we were even serenaded by the Mariachi Band. They were taking table-side requests and my boyfriend asked for "Guadalajara" because that was the song his dad used to sing all the time when he was growing up. They did a great job and made it all a lot of fun. I would have given this place 5-stars except for two small things. 1) You have to pay extra if you want eggs in your chilaquiles. I know chilaquiles can vary from place to place, but it's been my experience that eggs are the main staple of the dish so it seemed odd they weren't included. However the dish did include chicken, so it was still very filling, but I did miss the eggs. 2) No menudo. I really wished they had it available. The albondigas was tasty, but to me when you're looking for a really good hangover breakfast, you just can't beat menudo.
1_star Don't waste your time! They boast about all the beers they have on tap - NOT! We planned to go here for my daughters birthday this past Saturday. There were seven of us - the waitress informed us only two beers on tap! When asked several times why - she just shrugged her shoulders! My son-in-law then ordered a beer on tap - all out! When I then stated I wanted a Tangueray and tonic - she asked me to repeat it - then when read it back - Tangerine and Tonic!!!! There were only 3 other people in the bar at the time - so we decided this was not worth it! We also remembered the last time we were in there - they got our food orders all wrong! So we told the waitress we were leaving - we were so frustrated. A member of our party said "Do you want us to turn off the "Open" sign on our way out!" We went to Panini's and had a wonderful time!
4_star Ate here based on a suggestion. Waitress was friendly but when asked what she recommends, she spoke really quickly and we didn't understand any of what she recommended. Food was very yummy but very small servings - I guess that's tapas for you! Cucumber Mist cocktail was great. Fantastic view. Best to request a window seat or even a table on the patio. Sat by the window and we weren't disappointed.
2_star We had a group of 12 at RuRu's for dinner on a Friday night. I called the day of to make a reservation. We got there early, so we could try the cocktails. The margarita is good, but small for $9.50. Unfortunately, it was raining and the outdoor bar was not open. The outdoor space is great with heaters, TVs and a large bar. The hostess took us to our table, which she was helping setup. The table was set for 10 people. I told her we had 12 and her response was "ok". She disappeared and never returned. We squeezed 12 at our table until the 2 top next to us closed out. Our waiter asked if we wanted to order appetizers but none of us had menus. It took 2 times asking and another 20 minutes to get a diet coke. The food was so-so and the service slow and confused. But the worst part is the chips and salsa are $5. Even the beautiful outdoor space won't make me return.
1_star Horrible horrible experience. We came in there for lunch, it was not even that busy, but we had to wait for good 10 minutes in the hall before anyone was able to help us. Then the manager (owner?) came in and said he would be helping us today as there were no waiters available. He sat us down and then went away to chat with another customer, which he did for another good 5 minutes before bringing us the menus. We ordered some shawerma and it was disgusting- overcooked, tough as a leather shoe, completely unseasoned, etc. I barely ate any of mine. They also wanted to charge us for a piece of bread. I was surprised that water was free. During the whole meal the manager was too busy chatting up with someone else to even come and check on us. Nobody even offered us extra water, I had to find him and ask him for some. The only good thing about the restaurant is the decor. But the food is not worth the price.
4_star 4 stars instead of 5 for the very slooow service. Food is great! Healthy options abound and it's all delicious. Yogurt shakes are amazing! I get them to go sometimes. Coffee is my fave flavor.
5_star Tried this place for the first time and will definitely be back soon!!! Came in for breakfast and got the huevos rancheros, the dish was delicious, great service and very friendly staff. This place is a must try !
5_star Black camel is pure awesome. It's small, inexpensive and packs a crazy punch. I highly recommend the pulled pork sandwich with barbecue sauce and a brio. It's quick, great and convenient if you're getting off the Rose-dale subway. The black camel is THE SANDWICH PLACE.
4_star I never considered eating here until my 10-year-old suggested it, because it is rather unimpressive from the outside. But I was pleasantly surprised by the food. Best sushi in Champaign-Urbana, without a doubt. I really enjoyed everything I tried.
4_star Quiet little place with nice atmosphere and pleasant and knowledgeable staff. We came in for dinner and I had paneer in creamed spinach which was tasty. My husband had chicken Tikka masala which was tender and well prepared. Portions were huge and we took most of our meals home. Although the flavor was good the sauce was too creamy and on the heavy side. We would like to come back and try something else.
3_star Great hot 'n sour soup! They also offer general tao tofu which is pretty damn good. The noodles are just ok.
2_star They say 3rd time is a charm. I recently went to Vinny's for the 3rd time - more or less because its close to where I live and we(gf and I) wanted some pizza while heading out for the day. The first 2 times I went the service was very slow, but could be expected because the place had just opened. Giving the benefit of doubt, I assumed this was why(service was so slow) and gave it a 3rd try recently. The 3rd experience, we ordered their pizza/soda special, which is basically a personal pan pizza and a soda.....After watching 3 orders come in, and go out before us, and 30 minutes go by, I asked if the pizza would be out shortly and the manager(I believe - the guy giving orders anyway) said they would be out in 5 more minutes. 15 more minutes go by and 1 more order out before us, that ordered after us, we finally get our pizza. They did ask us if we wanted a free desert(for our wait), and said it would only take a couple minutes to prepare - We declined as we did not want to wait any longer. The pizza, it was good - That's what the 2 stars were for.
5_star Have been here a couple of times. They are SUPPER friendly. The First time we went my shrimp lo me in had a funny taste to it but they exchanged it. My fault for ordering seafood in AZ ;) today we went and the food we great. Very reasonable, especially for lunch.
5_star Great Italian menue, clean, great service. Very reasonable prices. Highly recommended.
4_star Nice food, tasty and fresh but pretty expensive. If you are for gourmet food this the place! If you are really hungry and looking for a quick meal you may be disappointed.
5_star Ate here for the first time tonight. Was excited that Polish food had finally come to Charlotte. I wasn't really sure what to expect before I got there since Charlotte doesn't have a huge Polish population, but the restaurant really delivered. The food was great and the portions were pretty big (I had the Bigos). Prices are great too, especially considering the portion sizes. Definitely recommend giving it a try. It'll definitely become a part of my normal rotation.
4_star Very good brick oven pizza. This place would be much more amazing if it had a wine list and wait staff. Overall, the pizza is great if you like brick oven pizza. One of the best place to get a pizza in the West Valley.
1_star Your first impression will be standing up front waiting to be seated. This will take at least 10 minutes rather they are busy or not. You will watch a half dozen employees staring over at you but quickly running to look busy. Once you are seated you will meet your waitress. This person is typically unenthusiastic and will probably take 10min to get to you as well. Once you get your order in, now is the 20min wait for a burger and fries. I enjoy their food so its sad I had to stop going. The prices are pretty good and over all food is average. Went back again at 3:25pm on a Monday. Decided I will try the drive through this time. It's now 3:48pm and I'm still sitting here waiting. AlI got was two milkshakes and a drink. So once again it's a waste of time
4_star I can't stop raving about The Parlor! A group of 6 of us met for dinner here on NYE & I'm thrilled that we did. I was blown away by 3 AMAZING appetizers that we ordered: Arancini (crispy risotto ball), the Cauliflower Gratinata & Bruxelles (brussel sprouts w/ pancetta). The Zeppole and Carmel Pears & Apples which we had for dessert were just average in comparison with the other food. Next visit I probably won't save any room for dessert. You can find pictures of all 3 apps that have been posted by various reviewers! This place used to be a beauty parlor but doesn't resemble a pizza "parlor" in looks at all. No checkered red & white table cloths here! We sat out on the covered patio with vine covered walls & candles. I think sometime it would be fun to sit inside & watch the pizza-stretchers and the pizza assembly. Looking forward to going back!
5_star What an amazing experience, my family and friends visiting from San Diego, stumbled over this place called OREGANO, wow great food, and lots of it, I had the Diablo shrimp recommended by Tony it was the bomb, enjoyed it and we ordered the cookie deep dish it was worth the wait it came with 3 scoops of ice cream great dessert to share, FYI order the cookie in advance because it takes 12 minutes. we definitely will come back when we visit Arizona again or hopefully they will export Oregano to San Diego
2_star Was disappointed in their food. Being from San Diego I expect more from Mexican food. Their ingredients are cheap. Was not pleased with the customer service. No one was especially nice. The waiter seemed unamused and impatient.
3_star The restaurant has 6 tables which make it possible for you to eat-in, but this place is definitely more suited towards take out or delivery. Just don't expect service if you eat-in. You order at a counter and if you choose to eat-in, you will get your soup in a take out container, eat on paper plates and styrofoam cups, but get your entrees served on platters. The house special won ton soup was pretty tasty and was loaded with a variety of fresh veggies, as well as chicken, pork, and shrimp pieces. However, one key ingredient was missing - won tons! General Tso's chicken was fried and served with broccoli and sufficient sauce. The Mongolian beef was more Mongolian and less beef. Overall the food was OK, except for the disappointment of the missing wontons, and I would probably consider this place again for delivery.
1_star First of all, let me say that I love our local Olive Garden in Rochester, MN. I love Olive Garden's menu, so we dine out at the chain somewhat regularly. We went to this particular restaurant yesterday for a dinner with an elderly relative. I suppose when we walked in, they profiled us and didn't feel we merited any kind of special or polite treatment. We were led to the most cramped, dingy and dark booth I had ever seen in an Olive Garden restaurant, where the lighting was so bad, we couldn't even see our menus. Our server was Sergio, and he was just going through the motions--quite badly. He didn't smile once, or come back and ask us how we were doing. He brought the salad, and then we didn't see him for a half hour or more. Then he came and picked up our salad plates before he served our entrees and actually left the dirty salad plates on the tray beside our cramped dungeon-like table for a long time. To top everything off, the family behind us were the rudest, most uncouth trash I have heard or seen in some time--they need their own reality show on some trashy network. Their 2 or 3 year old brat was allowed to screech inhumanly for their whole meal, which unfortunately overlapped ours. When we finally got our food, it was hot (unbelievably) and tasty, but everything else about the visit was a complete and total fail. I would be surprised to imagine that the Olive Garden franchise can condone this kind of service and atmosphere. Luckily I was just traveling through and don't have to ever eat at this hellhole again.
5_star Get the pork belly buns. Did you get that? PORK BELLY BUNS. Stop reading this and order them already.
4_star We found this on yelp and delighted we did. The vibe was laid back and chill and the food was good. You must have the sweet potato pancakes...yummy!!
1_star Friends, BEWARE! One of the saltiest, if not THE saltiest, meal I've ever had. Looks good. Smells good. Don't fall for the same trap I did.
5_star I was close by the Beltliner yesterday and decided to pop in for a late lunch ... and in glad I did! I had the Big Salad and it lived up to its name ... it was humongous! The chicken that came in the salad was very moist and tender. The service was excellent and the food was delicious. What more could I ask for?
4_star Their turkey club croissant is amazing. Such a good lunch stop!
1_star Ordered on Uber Eats tonight. It was pretty terrible. We ordered the Arizona Chicken salad and the Indiana tenderloin sandwich. Maybe it is better in person?
4_star No place I'd rather go with a big group of friends to celebrate a birthday with margaritas and excessive amounts of food.
2_star I was not impressed at all. This place used to have a view for the four or five tables that are by the window. But, with the housing development encroaching on it, the view is not very good at all. And, if you're not at a table with a window, forget it. The food was decent. Salad bar was pretty lame. Tables are picnic tables, with benches without backs. We drove from Chandler ... it wasn't worth the drive.
2_star Food was good and lots of variety. Didn't like that they don't have a military discount. There are a lot of military folks here that could benefit from it and feel appreciated at the same time. Also didn't like that the manager would not honor my sister's medical condition and allow her to take her plate of food home without charging $5.99/lb. It was like double charging for her food. She could not eat the piece of chicken or the piece of steak that she put on her plate so instead of wasting the food she wanted to take it with her for later. Called the manager over to discuss and show her the medical certificate and the manager refused to let her take it without charging for it again. Otherwise it was good and deserved a higher star for food quality but for the reasons stated I will not be returning until they start to appreciate their military community and take better care of special needs customers.
2_star Beautiful decor, but the food was disappointing (bland, not special) and the acoustics were terrible. At a table of six, we had to shout to hear each other.
1_star Hated it. When we first walked in, the first thing we noticed was the stench of cigarette & cigar smoke. The hostess was very unfriendly and didn't talk...she just walked us to a booth, put our silverware on the table, and walked away. The fabric in the booths is noticeably filthy and old. Speaking of old, their website says they have award-winning beer. What they don't say is the most recent award was 11 years ago. We ordered a magnificent mile meat lover pizza. Please change the name...it's not magnificent. It looked like someone dumped a jar of pizza sauce on top of it. It was very watery and soupy. We returned the pizza, paid for our soda & left.
2_star Went here because of its feature on food network, nothing stood out here didn't feel like anything special.
5_star This place is the bees knees and beyond the cats pajamas! Marlon the bartender is amazing and needs a raise ASAP! And Angela?! Hubba hubba ;))) Happy Hour specials is hard to beat here and the yogurts soju Is super yummy with good portions!
4_star What makes a really goog neighborhood joint? For me it's not just quality cooking and decent prices- it's the sense of being welcomed and appreciated. I have been dropping by for lunch three or four days a month often with a friend since the current owners remodeled the former Tokyo Sushi opposite St, Paul's Chuch (where Tafelmusik plays). The food decor and atmosphere have stepped up greatly. I have tried many items but my fave is the Chef Combi with salmon teriyaki and sushi. it includes generous sashimi as well. Many veggie items too. Only a light dinner needed after such a feast. No friend has ever disliked Maido and my friends are Mostly picky foodies. Anyway, it's my kind of low-key friendly place, give it a try.
5_star Stopped for a work lunch. The MOJO pork was amazing. My coworker said her soup and sandwhich was very good. If I am in the area, I will definitely stop again
5_star Great food and service!!! Thank you Ragin Cajun!!! Our server Gina was a delight!!
3_star I've been coming here for about 8 years even though it's probably been around for much longer. You can't tell given that the sign says "Grand Opening 3 for $1" and it's been there as long as I have been patronizing this place. It's called Chinese Bakery and it's run by the same gruff Vietnamese girls that have been serving me for all 8 years. It used to be one of the few who made the milk egg tarts (as opposed to the traditional yellow ones) so it kept me coming back. It's a money printing operation cos they're always busy (though I've noticed they haven't been as busy as in the past... perhaps the competition is finally getting to them??). Well, in Chinatown, it really doesn't matter cos if they close, another one pops up and it's like they've made their money so they don't care. Service rating is crappy... like a 1-2 star as they treat you worse than just a number and they've even ripped me off cos they can't add so make sure you know how much you've bought. Their prices have climbed over the years and it seems like the size of the pastries have gotten smaller. The only reason I'm still coming here is because it's the closest one to the east where I live and I need to pass through the war zone to get to the others. In the winter, I'd rather not but if the weather is not too hot or cold, I'm willing to venture to a few of the other places to get my pastries. Overall, the quality is a 4 star for their buns, butterfly cookies, cakes and pastries but the sizes are smaller now, prices gone up and service is not so good so it's a 3 star and dropping. Keep your calculator handy and your eyes open for new bakeries.
3_star If you get the wrong wings don't bother in asking for the correct ones. We ordered honey bbq and they came out honey hot. We told our server, kindly, that they were wrong and less than 5 min later we received what we were told were honey bbq. What they really did was excessively coat the honey hot with bbq sauce. Like my mouth wouldn't know the difference....hello --on fire. (Sorry I don't have much tolerance for hot...) the server did his best, I blame management for thinking they could pass them off. We didn't complain because we didn't want to be more of a pain. We'll come back, but needless to say this visit didn't fill our appetites. Everyone has a bad day, we get it...
4_star Delicious. Great service. I reco pretzel roll turkey pastrami. Decor is great, nice outdoor seating as well.
5_star Certainly not representative of Québécois cuisine, but should you just crave a comforting steakhouse meal, you will not be disappointed. Over several visits both the food and service have been exceptional. Great atmosphere, as well. A perfect choice for a business dinner on an expense account :-)
2_star The first time we went it was just for drinks and we didn't have any food. Went this past Saturday night as we were looking for somewhere new for food. Uh....not good. I had the Pinapple Pico Burger (priced at $12), I'm not really sure why they call it this, because I tasted none of the so called Pinapple Pico, as a matter of fact there was not much flavor at all! The meat was not seasoned at all and was very dry. I ordered the house homemade chips instead of fries and although they were okay, they also needed more seasoning and I got wayyyyy to many of them...covered half the plate! My husband had their wings and they looked really good and he liked them. For 5.99 you get 8 wings or 1 lb. My kids ordered off the childrens menue and each had a cheeseburger. It was the right size for kids, but a little skimpy on the fries. I was however disappointed with the price of the kids menu...$5 and the drink was NOT included...that was $2 more, so basically $7 for a slider and a few fries and drink. Our waitress was nice enough, although I have to say she was pretty unknowledgeable about the bar drinks, when asked what flavors of vodka they had she gave a blank stare...all she had to do was turn around as they were all right behind the bar. There was another couple with us and we all had the same burger...cooked differently and they gave me my friends burger and me his. Need to be more observant I guess. I don't think we will be returning for meals, expensive and just not worth it.
5_star The best Szechuan anywhere! Authentic food from Chengdu China. Best bets are Fish with Chili Garlic Sauce, Dan - Dan Noodles, Deep-fried Crispy Chicken ...you will thank me for these recommendations. Say hello to Nancy, the chef's wife, who is an excellent host who will ensure your experience lives up to the quality of the food.
4_star I haven't been here in years, and I don't know why. We went for lunch, and Kevin was the only one serving, which made me a little nervous. He did an unbelievable job bouncing from section, from inside to patio, and from dining room to bar. The best part of our experience was the food. The fungi mushroom pizza was phenomenal, and our appetizer was good too. The only thing missing was a little ambiance, it felt like a dead restaurant which amazed me with how fresh everything was
3_star My husband and I go here because it's convenient to where we live. They have pretty reasonable prices for the quantity of food you get. We always have leftovers from all the food you get. Sometimes I feel that the quality of the food varies but we prefer it to How lee's up the street. I always get the chicken and broccoli and it definitely has more flavor than How Lee's chicken and broccoli. My husband has had General tsos, which is ok. He's also had the crispy chicken and amazing chicken which were both very delicious. Their eggs rolls are very tasty but at times they are too greasy. And the service is just ok. I can hardly understand them at times which makes it hard to order over the phone and they do not seem super welcoming. In the end, my husband and I will keep getting take out here because it's convenient and it really is tasty with the occasional disappointment.
5_star the food is amazing !!!!!!!! and the service is the best i love itt!
1_star One of the worst restaurants on Charlotte. I ordered a $45 lobster and was served something that was the same consistency as a rubber tire. The only good thing about Bonterra was the service and the wine selection. I'll never go back.
1_star The floor was dirty, the windowsills were dirty with many dead flies. We fought off flies the entire time we were trying to eat. Not a good experience at all.
4_star Good location, nice atmosphere good prices big 32 oz beers. Good bar food. Friendly staff. Lots of TVs.
4_star food is good i eat the bi bam bop which is tasty and fresh.
2_star Subway has bigger and better tasting sandwiches. For the price I expected something delicious, but it was pretty meh.
1_star Well white spot.... Now you've gone and done it. We have been coming to the white spot for years and noticing the service start to tank. It's been three or four times of hour and a half plus meals because of service/not enough staff/no glasses/no cutlery. I honestly feel bad for the staff having to deal with hordes of angry people on a regular basis. Pity, because the food is always good. No more white spot for me, I'll be taking my business elsewhere.
3_star Quick place to grab breakfast in Paris. Really good crepes but didn't like the fact that they were out of about 3 crepes on the menu and it was 10 in the morning. Tried the shrimp scampi, the cinnamon bun, and ham and cheese. Favorite was the ham and cheese. Decent little place for a quick bite and has a little cafe style seating that resembles a cafe in France, which is cute.
5_star The best Thai food around period!!! We have to go every time we're in town. Prawns in a blanket, crab fried rice are a must. Other than that, everything on the menu is excellent and you won't be disappointed. Give this place a try!!!
1_star Will never go back! Ordered a few slices of pizza and guy behind the counter who was also managing the cash register cut my slices with his dirty bare hands, took my money (which we all know is littered with germs) and proceeded to go back and handle the pizza without gloves. I watched him go between the cash register, hand pens to customers needing to sign receipts and cut pizza for other patrons several times without ever washing his hands. It was very unsanitary. I should also mention that the pizza was not that great. Actually it was all around bad. Village pizza is right down the street and a lot better and cleaner! Also it's more reasonably priced.
3_star This was a challenging rating. We were a tough group to handle, and they handled it with mixed success. I was at dinner with my family; a group of nine with three kids ranging from 3-10, a vegan, a vegetarian, and a meat eater. So finding a restaurant is no easy task. We made a reservation for 6:30pm, in hopes it would be early enough that the kids would not be too tired. Unfortunately, that wasn't necessarily the case, so we were not the most ideal family to be around. The wait staff were gracious, they were patient with the kids and were sure to bring out their food before ours. They even made a dish special order for one of the kids since there wasn't anything on the menu he wanted. They also offered a kids sized plate of mac and cheese rather than the full order. Unfortunately, other aspects were more of a disappointment. After they brought out the kids meals, we had a good 20 min wait before the adult meals appeared. And one order was even later. The food was ok, but nothing that would entice me to necessarily return. The fish taco and the bruschetta were the highlights. And they were really good, the lobster mac and cheese was a bit underwhelming and the tilapia was overly salty. I really wanted to like this place, but in the end, it was just ok.
1_star This review is for takeout. I'm a lover of BWW and this location is right by my work so me & my coworkers order out of here almost every week. Customer service is usually just okay, better when you actually go in, sit down and eat, especially in the bar. Today I placed 3 separate orders over the phone. When I arrived, they forgot part of the first order so I had to wait there for them to make it, in the middle of my work day. When I got back to work, we found I was shorted a ranch that I had paid for, and my coworker found that his wing order was short about 5 wings so we called in and spoke with a helpful manager, Daniel, who offered to remake the order. My coworker went back to the BWW to pick up his order and, when he asked for the ranch that they had forgotten, they refused to give it to him because it wasn't on that receipt. Lol are you kidding me? He mentioned it was on a separate order and they really wouldn't give him one side of ranch valued under a dollar. At this point it became laughably bad to just about everyone in our office. There are plenty of other BWW locations around the valley with awesome servers & hosts who treat customers as they should be treated, unlike this one. If you feel like wings but don't want to waste your time & money at this location, just go to the one on Durange since they're always great.
2_star I've been here once before and hated it so I avoided this place like the plague for years. A friend wanted to eat here today so I figured that I should give this place a second chance....too bad I was disappointed again. I had their $6.95 lunch special of Pad Thai and Ginger Beef that comes with the daily soup or mango salad and 2 mini spring rolls. The soup of the day was Lemongrass Chicken and pretty much tasted like sugar in hot lemonade. It was wayyy too sweet, but because I was soaked and cold from the rain, I finished the whole thing. The Pad Thai came promptly afterwards, but I was disappointed even more. The noodles were cold, too sweet (ketchup-y) and lacked any color at all. There were too many raw bean sprouts on top so that it was all I tasted. The whole thing was just bland. My friend and I liked the flavor of the beef but the texture with dry and overcooked, not tender like we expected it to be. The spring rolls were just edible but full of grease. I never finished my plate because I just couldn't take the flavors anymore. The redeeming factor was the service. The waitress was super friendly and refilled our drinks promptly. +1 star... 7$ lunches are pretty typical in Toronto. Definitely go someone else next time. I won't be coming back and neither should you.
5_star Dooby's Grill is a great find! The food is prepared with fresh and healthful ingredients, the presentation is attractive, and the service is the best. We dined here a couple of weeks ago with another couple, and then again last night; it was stellar both times. The owner is usually on-site and it is clear that he takes pride in his restaurant and providing a nice dining experience for his customers. This is the type of small, owner-run, quality restaurant that we should go out of our way to patronize, especially during these tough economic times.
4_star The restaurant is clean and accommodating for large groups of people. Servers are pretty Korean, as in they are more comfortable speaking Korean. Regardless, everything on the menu has an english translation. They offer a large variety of Korean food. Mainly hot soups, and traditional favorites like bibimbap and ddukbokki. Pretty good side dishes~ I recommend the mackerel dish. Bulgogi jungol is very delicious. So is the soondae guk. Rice is purple and yummy. More than good enough for the price! Come with someone who knows Korean so you can flag the waitresses down for refills.
3_star Read the previous reviews and most of them contained elements of my review - inside noise crazy loud - outside patio nice ambiance - drinks well done - food looks great - value missing 2 small pieces of cheese $4 - ordered the MVP based on the severs recommendation - Steak was the MVP requested it be cooked based on the Chef's preference - came out medium rare only problem it was cold - sent it back instead of a new entree they reheated the sent back plate - the result Luke warm medium steak - the service was poor and the overall experience underwhelming
2_star Very disappointed! I normally don't write reviews but felt compelled. After taking forever to take our order and to cook the meal, our food came. I took a bite of my Berry Salad which was actually a salad with bacon and blue cheese. I don't like blue cheese. So I started eating the salmon on top which was so hot it burned the roof of my mouth. It still hurts! We were able to flag down the waiter, who apologized. I asked for just the Berry Salad without the salmon and he brought it. The salmon was good once it cooled down. Other restaurants would take the meal off the bill or offer a free dessert but not the Burntwood Tavern. An order of pretzel bread also came out terribly hot. More like burnt mouth than Burntwood.
4_star Located on the 64th floor atop THEhotel at Mandalay Bay, Mix Lounge offers a breathtaking view of the Strip. This is a great place to start your evening, no matter if you're staying at the hotel or not. The balcony offers one of the best views of Las Vegas and the food and drinks are fantastic. And with an extensive wine list it's a perfect spot to get a bottle, sit back, and relax with friends before the long night ahead! The appetizer list is perfect for just an occasion. Definitely try the Mac 'n Cheese dish and the beef skewers, which pair perfectly with any of their hundreds of red wines. While just there I had a bottle of the DeLille Cellars D2, a merlot, cab, cab franc red blend out of Washington State. It was a perfect start to the evening. They open at 5pm and I recommend getting there shortly after that because as it gets darker things start to get considerably busier.
2_star Wine choices were middle of the road. Tortellini was very salty with little flavour. Veal parm was just ok and waitresses killed a bug at our table. Come back? Nope Ok the pizza out of the oven looks good but the rest of the menu - not sure
4_star I really liked this place for a light lunch while visiting a friend in Madison. The iced chai latte was yummy, not too sweet. I ordered a savory crepe: bacon, mixed greens, tomato, topped off with a fried egg over easy. Basically a BLT crepe upgraded. I appreciated that they definitely didn't skimp on the bacon. It was really delicious and a fun take on crepes. The place is small but it's bright and the people are really friendly.
1_star My husband and I stopped at BJ's on Eastern for what we thought would be a nice dinner. I have eaten at the one in Summerlin and really liked it. I was so disappointed at the customer service. We were seated after about 10 minutes. Then 20 minutes passed and we were never even acknowledged by anyone! 3 sets of customers sat in our aisle after us and all had their drinks and orders in. I have no idea how they could ignore a table.The wait staff was congregated at the restroom entrance, no sense of customer service. I spoke with the Manager and all he did was apologize. We walked out. THE WORST service ever!!!
3_star Decent light classic lunches. Portion is at times smaller than what you'd expect for that price. Overall a good place for a fast and convenient brunch
1_star The buffet is one of the cheapest you are going to find here, but it's one of the worst buffets in Las Vegas. I don't know how people even give this place a 5 star rating, and I'm thinking some of these reviews are fake. They have the most basic food you can find - hard shell tacos, hamburger, spaghetti, pizza, cheap ham, and water down ice cream.
2_star I went to Brasa during a weekend visit with friends. We had high hopes for this place, all-you-can-eat-meat after all, but were sorely disappointed. The service was indifferent. The waitress was scarce and acted as if she was doing us a favor by bringing us more drinks. The salad bar was extensive and the dishes offered on it seemed very fresh. I found the meat very over-seasoned though and not very high quality. Some of the cuts were very good but others were serviceable at best, and downright inedible at worst (I found the lamb to be especially poor). Overall I was not impressed and on my next visit I will try another one of the many restaurants in the Warehouse district.
1_star Watch for what they charge you for. Ordered the kids meal and still got charged for full combo. Chicken taquitos. Sick all night. At least I got thru the concert before it hit me. Maybe it was the green hot sauce???
4_star The best mexican food in Vegas! I'm so glad one opened near where I live, because I'm obsessed with their MENUDO!!! It's a bowl of awesomeness topped with WINNING. I used to think Pho was the perfect cure for a hangover, but Menudo tops that now. Too bad it's only available on the weekends. The Carne Asada Burrito and fries are my typical order. The burrito is a good size and is just delicious. The fries are probably one of the best carne asada fries I've tried on the west coast. You get a giant portion with LOADS and LOADS of toppings!
2_star I came for beer week beer and possible food. I've had their burgers before and they're great. Came in @4pm and it was pretty empty with a handful of people at the bar. Was seated right away at a dirty table... waitress ran and got a towel and wiped table clean. Again, it was empty here. Inquired about beers and the waitress didn't know much... did mention the special beer of the day - I got one. Beer event online stated a special burger was available, but never pitched. I drank the beer and left. I said bye 3x as I left, even pausing for the last one, and the waitress never looked... too busy chatting with another worker. Sad day, but will come back for solid food... and it was happy hr $3 beers too! 2 stars for bad service.
5_star Fantastic! Great new neighborhood restaurant under wonderful ownership. Carnitas and enchiladas were winners. We are definitely coming back...again this week! Thank you!
5_star This is my favorite Mexican food place in the area, hands down.
4_star I eat out from this place often as I work within the area. I've only had the half chicken lunch special which comes with two sides and have never been disappointed. Chicken is super tender, rice is delicious and moist and the potatoes are just right. It's simple, clean, delicious Portuguese chicken. Nothing fancy, but everything flavorful. Would definitely recommend this to anyone.
1_star Well after paying for a $18 dollars for a glass of wine you don't expect a PLASTIC glass. Come on !!!
5_star Nice folks, great coffee with a good location. Skip the one a block next to butters Much better coffee!
1_star IF YOU HAVE ALLERGIES, READ THIS. Went to Chinese Dumpling House for lunch yesterday with two friends. We made it especially clear that one of us was vegetarian and very allergic to shrimp, and to please have our vegetable dumpling orders separate from our meat orders. My vegetarian friend who's allergic to shrimp ordered mixed vegetable dumplings but they brought us shrimp & vegetable dumplings instead! That was a terrible mistake as we didn't realise until she already ate one. We called 911 right away, the ambulance came quickly and my friend is okay. However, the restaurant did not apologize once, didn't take action at all, and charged us the entire $50 worth of food we ordered, even though we had just begun our meal and essentially didn't eat any of it--most of it was left on the table when we left. We are really upset at the way they handled it and will never return.
2_star So I showed up at 7:45pm tonight. Place looked closed from the outside but they are open until 10pm. Must say my food was great and have no complaints. However they seemed to be closing the place up by 8:15pm. They closed up the soda machine so you couldn't get refills. Then when I went up to grab a shake I was told that they had cleaned up the machine already. Wow! Confused they are open for another hour and 40 minutes. Not very buisness friendly no wonder they were empty. Probably won't go back due to service.
5_star Delicious food wouldnt recommend because I wanna eat the food all by myself, haha that first bite though. Fresh tasty and stuffed
2_star Food was great, large portions...HOWEVER, service was awful! We got seated at the same time as another couple, though in a different section. Our waitress obviously forgot about us after bringing our drinks and taking our food order because we didn't get our food for another 45 min. let's just say the other couple was paying when our food arrived. food was good, but definitely not worth waiting over 2 hours to be seated and eat.
1_star This place sucks. I wasn't let in because I had a temporary drivers license that I had got 2 days ago in Texas. I also had a had copy of my Texas security license, and my old i.d card from texas. All issued by the dmv, all with the same picture and DOB. Apparently the state of Arizona doesnt accept real licenses....it wouldnt be so bad, but the "security" were assholes.
1_star Ordered the Philly cheese fries.... Very bad. My wife and took three bites and almost got sick.
5_star Went for a burger based on the Yelp! reviews. So glad we did. Burgers were cooked perfectly at medium and the bun was soft. We had fries with one and upgraded to onion rings for the other ($3 extra) and well worth it. Both fries and onion rings were perfect. We built one burger to order and the other, mine, was the Québécois (wild mushrooms and bacon). Would come back again without hesitation.
1_star White chocolate grill has recently decided to include a surcharge for dining with them. It is called P206. Check your bill when you receive it. I encourage you to complain about it as well. Management decided to hide it on your bill versus the menu hoping less people will see it and question it. Check out Charleston's right down the street.
1_star The service at this establishment does not warrant me wasting any more time typing than this.
5_star This place is great. Stunning service, great food. Did I say awesome service? Go here! I had a chicken dish that was delicious. Good margarita too.
2_star I ordered a 9" thick cheese pizza. It was probably a frozen crust, which was not a deep dish crust. The fact that it was not deep dish is not the issue, but the fact that the crust was just bad is an issue. The sauce and cheese were nothing special either, and certainly couldn't overcome the less-than-mediocre crust. Service was prompt and friendly.
4_star We attended a business dinner there last week and all 6 of us enjoyed our meal and service. it is one of the better steak places in Scottsdale. Definitely not the same old thing for the area.
2_star After my second dinner at Dominicks I have found I was truly disappointed in the food and more so in the strange aroma that permeates the building. The positives: The opalescence demonstrated through hard woods, crystal chandeliers, water features is common to high end steak houses. The negatives: The steaks were mediocre and nothing on the menu has left me "needing" to go back. Then there is this terrible smell of "feet" that hits you just as you walk into the bar area. Just not acceptable if you want to attract patrons. It does appear to be a hub for the seniors in our community and with the close of Marco Polo they now have a place to call home.
3_star Nice environment and service, but food is pricey for its quality, I had a chicken crepe for $16, it was drenched in sauce, and the chicken pieces was very dry and hard, I ended up leaving most of the chicken untouched.
3_star Loved the soup. Food is just like Yokoso at the Waterfront. I agree with previous posters that it seemed like everyone was having a birthday! And the loud music and disco ball were going when I arrived. They have hibachi seating, or regular dining. The hibachi seating was fun and energetic, so definitely not a choice for a quiet dining experience.
2_star I've been here plenty of times. I go with my kickball team because they sponsor them so I end up going here every week. The hostess is usually very friendly and so are the servers but they are extremely slow. It always seems to take us forever to get any food. We get pitchers of beer, and a lot of the time it will be flat or just taste terrible. They always say it's because the leg is out and they need to change it but for that to happen at least 3 times to us seems a little bit fishy. They do have a ton of tvs so it's great for games but it gets so packed in there during any big game that you never can get a seat. The food is pretty good. If only they could get better servers and get their food out faster and their beer figured out it would be a great spot.
5_star I love the atmosphere! The bartenders are amazing! The wait staff is great. I like the lunch and brunch menus best! The lobster bisque soup is great! It's opened 24 hours which is awesome... It has the best cocktails in this side of town!
2_star Quite possibly the worst Barro's experience I've ever had today in 35 years I've been a loyal follower Barro's for a long time and today I think I just change my mind the garlic bread wasn't posted and barely had cheese on it all the soda was flat Pizza Hut so much sauce on it you can bring it out like a sponge
2_star We had to try the EOS because all of the 5 star reviews..And because of those reviews we were disappointed. We each tried a different sandwich and both of us felt that they were Ok but nothing special,nothing to go out of our way for.2&1/2 stars at best...
3_star Drive to PHX for the real Rosatis taste at Thomas and 40th street. This Franchised Rosatis sauce cheese and crust are different - 3 stars based on that. The fact you can sit down and eat comfortably was nice.
3_star My family and I have eaten here twice for dinner, and collectively our experience has been underwhelming. The menu options are broad, the restaurant is clean, but the end meal product just hasn't "wow"-ed us. Both times we've gone something has been burned/charred (first time burger and the bacon on top, second time the sweet potato fries were grossly overcooked to the point of being dehydrated and tough), or under done (So-Cal Chicken Sandwiches were both served with hard, unrip avocado slices, and one chicken breast was..shall I say...crunchy? and not in a good way). Their standard fries are fine, the pesto aioli on the So-Cal is very tasty, and the ciabatta bun is beautiful. But when you're paying over $8 for a sandwich its the little things that make you regret not getting something simpler from the menu. We haven't tried the breakfast here, which is apparently what they're known for, so maybe we'll give that a whirl and see if our perspective changes.
1_star First time here. Service was horrible. Seemed like no one was happy except the manager. Took forever to get the food. Order was wrong. Would not recommend this place save your money.
4_star This place was great for lunch. I ordered the 3 taco plate (fish) with beans and rice. It was great and filling. Go for the Hot salsa at the salsa bar and try the taco sauce. Good. I will be back!
2_star Disappointed in this brand and this place. The employees taking the orders rush you along and mumble the order questions. At a minimum of three times I asked person preparing food to repeat what was said, with that being said I felt frustrated and ready to eat food and leave. Management needs to train better. I have been to several Chipoltes in other states, never seen one this disappointing. Speak loud enough so customers can here your questions and that would help better experience.
5_star Amazing! Just had the farmers plate - my first time having plantains. Insanely delicious. Will be back again!
2_star I wasn't impressed. The Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries was very good but the Miyagi-san's Grass Fed Wagyu Burger and Ronin burger were not. Both burgers were relatively tasteless and whatever taste was there was interesting. It is definitely not worth a taxi ride from the strip.
3_star The place was very busy. QUICK AND GOOD SERVICE. BUT I prefer In &out and smash burger they have better burgers.
3_star Slow and bad service. They tried very hard to make up for the extremely slow service and pricey but average dishes. We prefer cheesecake factory in green valley. Very disappointed.
4_star This place is decent, and I'd definitely recommend it over one of the Rio Mirages. The food is a bit on the pricy side for what they offer, and I prefer Popo's in Glendale. If I just need some quick Mexican food though, this place has always been satisfying.
5_star Fantastic food. Decent service. The location leaves something to be desired.
2_star Went there on a Monday afternoon with the wife for the first time. We were seated quickly but we aimlessly looked at the menu for about 4 or 5 minutes before our waitress stopped by. She asked if we had been there before (we hadn't) and then haphazardly explained the menu ("You can order one of the pre-designed burgers or make your own by filling out this form.") and the concept. They have all these different rubs and sauces and such. Some of them are self-explanatory but then there are others that you have no clue what is in them (such as the angel dust). Having never been there and the fact that my wife is pregnant and can't have gluten or lots of sugar/carbs (and I explained this to the waitress), we had a lot of questions. Our waitress wasn't very happy about that. As for the food, I ordered the topless bison burger with horseradish cheddar, the truffle aioli, the bayou cajun rub, pickles, onions, mixed greens and banana peppers with the quinoa salad. The wife ordered the hormone free beef burger with white american, mayo, lettuce, pickles and angel dust and the organic mixed greens (salad). The bison burger was good, between the cheese and rub it had a nice kick to it. There was so much mixed greens that it was impossible to see the burger. The quinoa salad was kind of bland, if not for the bell peppers and goat cheese. The beef burger was good, but kind of your standard burger. The wife really would have liked to have pepper jack cheese instead of the white american, but the pepper jack isn't offered. All-in-all, we felt it was an underwhelming experience, considering the price and the hoopla associated with the place. We probably won't go back again. Oh, and make sure that you pay with something other than the Discover Card, they don't accept it.
2_star "Meh. I've experience better." I find this fairly overpriced for the quality of food. I think that the decor of the place and the witty menu drive up the "like" of this place b/c it's modern and fun... but it all comes down to the food, and it's not something I'd think about again when I leave, but I wouldn't object too heavily if someone asked me to meet them there again. They staff is nice, when it's busy they're a little slow. The food is spicy, like the guacamole and house salsa - I like spicy, but it didn't really add flavor, just made my mouth burn enough to get a second margarita (which was strong - good, but strong w/ low-end tequila, yuck.. paid the extra $$ for better liquor). The pico de gallo, my alternative to the spicy salsa, was as bland as they come so I settled on "virgin" chips. Everything is just mediocre and pricey... meh.
2_star Teriyaki chicken tasted like rubber. Water tasted like kerosene. Very expensive for a buffet..more expensive than Golden Corral.. and mostly seafood.
3_star Nice ambiance. Pleasant wait staff. My pizza was chewy. My water glass empty. My wait for servers attention long.
4_star The staff is very friendly. Service is good. Food is also very good. For guys, sitting and being able to watch ESPN on with flat screen is an added plus! :-)
3_star Came with the family. Had a great time. Food was ok. The marinara was sweet. The bread was good though. The caprese salad was good. They don't serve apple juice for the kids anymore. Gave them a bottle of fruit drink....10% juice ......
3_star Our second visit here was not as exciting as the first unfortunately. We were in a little bit of a rush since we were heading to the Leafs game after. The lights are a little too dim, and we spent way too much time waiting for our food than actually eating it. We started with the Coconut Shrimp with Thai sauce, which was a little over battered, over fried and tasted a little stale, like it may have been frozen. I had the Roasted Crispy Pork "Osso Bucco" as my main. Fred's does pretty well with presentation, as I was given the largest piece of pork I've ever had. Gigantic. However, past all of it there was a lot of fat, the skin was crispy and the frites were nice. It felt more of a novelty meal, I don't think I'd be able to eat it again.
5_star Amazing food, just found my new lunch spot. It is a hidden gem. Chicken sandwich is my favorite made from scratch potato chips an a cookie! Yummy
4_star Had the lunch buffet for 14.95. All the basics included. As good as any Indian buffet I've had, and I like to think I've sampled some good ones. Certainly won't find a better deal on the strip for this quality.
2_star I'm not impressed. I came across this restaurant when looking for a restaurant close to my work. This place was not my type. The food was also not good. The only good part about the meal was the coffee. They give you a full pot. I wish we would have gone to the another restaurant. This was restaurant was a bad egg.
2_star We visited on a Monday at 7:45 pm. There was no wait so we were seated right away. We waited 20 min for one beer and water. Grumpy waitress took our order shortly after. Took over 30 min to get pizza. We ordered the Gotham. Crust is very soggy and not even browned on the bottom, despite the edges being burned. Pizza had little flavor and sauce tasted like a spaghetti sauce. Waters were empty most of the meal. Had to ask for parm and peppers.
4_star My good friends recommended La Ristra This past weekend so we jump in the car and head over there and boy I am glad we did the food margaritas , service and atmosphere was an awesome experience take it from me who is known in my circle for really knowing good food this restaurant was a homerun and I cannot wait to take my wife next weekend.
5_star The tacos at this restaurant were absolutely delicious. The queso and chips are definitely worth ordering! Great outdoor patio for dining outside this time of year. Can't wait to see what's added to the menu in the as they get established.
1_star This owner is much more concerned about being 'right' than providing customer service!! We have been there about 3 or 4 times in the past, but he is just SO Difficult to deal with. He loves to say NO and is rude about it, too. The food isn't bad, but it is over priced and he needs to understand that his customers need to WANT to come back, but if the owner does everything in his power to run this restaurant like an ARMY Barracks, then I would not be surprised if he didn't make it through the summer. I have never written a review before, but we are upset about being treated so poorly. Some of our complaints are more minor than others, but they all add up: 1 - Small side salad is $3 Large salad is $6.75, but is barely more salad in the large salad than the small one, just put it in a larger bowel. And there was barely any dressing on either of the salads. They used to have plenty of dressing on them, but not now. It's a shame, because this dressing is very tasty. Trying to save a penny at the cost of the enjoyment of this salad that we were looking forward to. 2 The bread used to be served with a mixture of oil and herbs or seasonings, not quite sure what was in it. We asked for butter with the bread, and got one little thing of butter, and none of the oil mixture. We were told we could have either the oil mixture or butter, but not both. He didn't mention that at the beginning, just brought the little butter and no oil mixture. He said, we can't give things away for free! What kind of response is that!! 3. I asked if they could leave the green peppers off of the pasta dish and substitute mushrooms and he told me NO! What?? He just said NO. He again said that he could not give things away for free! He said he would have to charge us $1 for the mushrooms. He didn't even say that nicely at the beginning, he just shocked us by saying NO. I have never been treated this way before. We should have been smart like some of the other reviewers and gone somewhere else, but we were tired and hot and hungry. Like some of the other 1 or 2 star ratings since last year mentioned, he is rude and he doesn't understand that the customer is #1 and should be treated well, not like he can't wait to get you out of the door. He shoved our bill at us this evening, without even asking if we wanted coffee or desert. And there were only two other tables during our entire meal, so they can't say they were too busy. We will take our $30-$40 dinner budget somewhere else in the future. Maybe we will even spend less and enjoy it more. It is tough out there in this economy. As customers, we should be appreciated and treated as if they are glad to have us instead of taking advantage and treating us poorly.
2_star First time there to celebrate a birthday event for a party of 6. Never again! We brought a special cake that the birthday person had requested. Before we even sat down we were told by the rude manager/host that no outside dessert was aloud but they would make a one time exception for us. He came across as if he was doing us a big favorite. He didn't even bother to say "Happy Birthday" or did he care that we were his first time customers that will not be returning. NO PIZZA IS WORTH IT!!! The food was good but it was not the best meal we have ever had. The market pasta was $21.00 but nothing to rave about or worth that price. There are plenty of good restaurants with great service in Phoenix that we could have gone to. For example: Federal, Parlor and LGO.
3_star Staying at the Elara time share, I wanted to try a buffet but was lazy, so I just headed for Planet Hollywood and walked through the Miracle Mile Shops. Upon entering the casino, I looked for the buffet, which was sort of hidden. It was late dinnertime so there weren't a lot of people but they still had a ton of food. I immediately went to town and grabbed the "exotic" dishes like kabobs, lambs, etc. and then noticed that you can make your own burger, so I proceeded to request two medium well's with cheese. I must have eaten around like 4 or 5 platefuls then it was time for dessert. They had like a cupcake bar. Tons of cupcakes, and I tried maybe 6 of them. I recommend this place only if you are nearby and if you're lazy. Otherwise I should have just gone out and ate somewhere else.
2_star Waited forever for my food. Ordered before a few tables who got their food before us. Seriously??! Go when they are slow
2_star The first time we got take out here we thought the food was ok and so we wanted to try it again. The second time was horrible. I got the chicken and broccoli and the chicken tasted funny. My husband got the sweet and sour chicken and that was even worse. It had no flavor or taste to it. It was bland chicken with mushy breading around it. The prices on the menu pictures here are also outdated. Their prices are too high for regular Chinese take out. I mean $12.95 for sweet and sour chicken? And $11.95 for chicken and broccoli? It's save to say we are never going here again.
4_star First time here. The food was great loved the ribs the best I have ever tasted. Also the strawberry lemonade delish. The only thing I did not like was it seemed that our waiter was rushing us to hurry up. We were all still eating he came over and asked if we wanted a box for leftover whhhat is that!!! Then after we said in a bit,he came over again and asked if we wanted dessert while we were still eating :( other then that the food was great
3_star Moe's is ok for when you don't have the time or energy to haul yourself to Kensington Market for more authentic Mexican stuff. I usually order the vegetarian Burrito bowl and most of the time, the ingredients are fresh. The service is friendly, the prices are ok. It's a couple of notches above the Taco Bells of the world.
2_star I thought the the name of the place was clever. The words "noodle" and "face" sound the same in Cantonese. And repeating a noun in Cantonese is somhow parents would talk to their children. 1. Jiajiang mien - Not a lot of jiajiang sauce 2. Spicy noodles - Noticeable amount of heat. Definitely big enough to share between 2 people with an average appetite. Overall: Would rather head to Chinatown for noodles. Not a lot of seats, looked like under 50.
1_star I can't understand how this place gets good reviews. I ordered salmon which came with an Asian slaw type thing and I ordered a side salad as well. The side salad, in complete disregard to it's name, arrived 10 minutes before the food. Fair enough, I'm still getting used to American dining practices but it made for an awkward moment with the person I was eating with as they had no side dish to arrive early and stare at...Anyway, when the food arrived I genuinely couldn't taste the difference between the salmon and the vegetables, so bland was the flavor of each. A restaurant that can't make fish and carrot taste different from each other simply can't be good, right?
4_star I liked the food a little better than the Toyoma restaurant down the road. The pricing was kinda expensive when they first open but they're having a 30% off hibachi and teriyaki dinners right now so it's pretty straight. The sushi is not bad, I tried a couple rolls. The only problem I found with the sushi is it all tasted the same to me. There wasn't anything wow about it so I kept ordering other rolls. The crab Rangoon was pretty good. Would recommend for a lunch spot.
1_star The Decor is awesome .:.the food is horrid. I had their featured salad which had one grape tomato (cut in half), no olives, three small pieces of cucumber, two pieces of artichoke and more bland lettuce that could cover the plate (some of which were brown and soft). There were five people behind the counter and it took them 3 1/2 minutes to wait on us. I brought the salad quality to the managers attention and she said " oh they prep in the morning it was their fault". In no way would I return.
5_star Wow, food was amazing, and staff was super friendly. Definitely has a Mom and Pops vibe. Highly suggest Almond Chicken, Mongolian Beef (I believe the meat they use is filet mignon), CRAB PUFFS, and Pepper Steak. Most people are used to Mandarin style Chinese food (aka Panda Express). If you're not familiar with Hunan or Szechuan style food, you won't understand Sesame Inn.
3_star The prices increased and the portions are quite small . Overall I like the chopped brisket best and I usually get the chopped brisket sandwich . The Mac and cheese lacks flavor and the cheesy potatoes need way more salt and seasonings. The service is ok , the takeout service can be rude sometimes . When I asked for more than two barbecues they told me I can only get two ? Which usually didn't happen to me . I don't really like the patio because there are way too many flies :/ the backyard is nice if you have kids lol .If you are going here I recommend you get a chopped brisket sandwich .
5_star Great Belgium selection!!! I left a bad review last time based on the individual server I got, and that's not really cool. This place has a fantastic selection, and a knowledgeable staff. FYI - they always keep Gulden Draak on tap!
3_star 2.5 stars Food so so! Service so so! Price good but taste just so so! $6.95 with steam rice, soup, vegetable and dessert! The restaurant seem old and dirty! Waiting time for food was too long!
3_star I wanted to find a good place to do some work on a sunny Sunday afternoon and I hadn't intended on coming here because there was no free wifi. But, there was space and the menu was student-budget friendly. I only ordered a regular cup of coffee and a cheese scone. The scone was big but not particularly cheesy. The coffee wasn't particularly aromatic but you get refills for $1. They also have a special discount for students. But if you're not the kind of person who can work in noisy places, I suggest you go somewhere else. I'd recommend this place if you want a place for brunch. It was 4:00PM in the afternoon and the place was packed with people still ordering eggs and toast. Cheap and lively, I see this place as being dependable but it's not the best cafe for studying. Apparently their cakes are to die for but, as a miserly student, I didn't have the stomach to dish out $6 for cake.
5_star !!AMAZING RESTAURANT!! I have got to buy a fondue set now lol. The creamy spinach artichoke cheese dip, minced walnut melted milk chocolate, and mixture of marinated meats were incredibly delicious but what earns this place without any doubt 5 Stars instead 3 or 4, is their incredible service. Richard our server was sociable and almost too considerate lol (we stayed to 1:20am even though this place closed at 11pm!!!). Steve the manager treated my girlfriend and I with a card signed by most of the restaurant staff and some treats to make the anniversary of our 1st date really special. This place isn't for the cheap at heart or those with quality taste but don't have a lot of spending cash on them. Definitely GO!! but I would suggest you go if you: 1) are in a group bigger than 4 2) just don't mind spending more than $20-40 on an entree 3) want to try something different/new 4) are looking to make a romantic occasion really special (let the restaurant know about your special occasion) 5) or want to treat someone you care about who is isn't particular in general, to something they haven't tried before
3_star We stumbled upon Cafe Raymond while exploring the Strip on a busy Saturday afternoon. It appeared to be the only place where you could sit and eat without either a) going to one of the touristy joints along Penn Ave or b) grabbing food from a market stand. Not to knock the market wares...I was tempted but we needed to rest our feet. It's a small, simple cafe with excellent sandwiches and salads. High quality ingredients and decent prices. All in all, a nice little neighborhood option.
1_star I just had dinner at this establishment with my girlfriend before heading to a movie. I do not and will not recommend this place to anyone. We sat at the bar and waited about 10 minutes for someone to come over. They were busy chatting with each other instead of customers which I could see if they were paying each other's bills. Once we did get menus they were for lunch and not dinner. A male bartender approached us, took half of our order before deciding to clean his bar then came back to finish the rest of our order. We had asked for Tuna nachos and a wedge to start and our entrees showed up first. When I questioned about the appetizers the male bartender proceeded to say "yea guess you didn't get them huh." And he walked away! I can easily say we will never ever be back. Just terrible terrible service. Very disappointed.
4_star If I was rating on food alone, this would absolutely be 5 stars. We split the tofu tod for an appetizer. Panko coated and fried tofu with a crazy good sweet/spice dipping sauce. The tofu was well seasoned (its easy for fried things to go bland and this didn't) and had great texture. I had chicken pad thai. For $13 it was a generous portion. It came out piping hot and with a perfect level of spice (I requested on the mild side of medium, which isn't easy to nail). I also tried my husband's massaman curry with chicken, sweet potato, and peanut. It was phenomenal, really rich from coconut milk with great flavor and heat. The service here wasn't bad, but they're definitely still learning. Our waitress mentioned that her brother opened the restaurant with his wife, and I'm happy to support a family business while they sort out the kinks. I think this is a great addition to the neighborhood and will routinely be slammed. Glad they offer take out!
2_star Not impressed with this location. We waited a while for our order and my boneless wings had obviously sat under a heat lamp for a while. My Long Island Iced Tea tasted like a virgin iced tea. The service was a bit slow too.
4_star This is another pretty good Mexican restaurant in the champaign area. It is usually never too busy, so you don't have to wait to be seated. However the service is somewhat slow and not as attentive as I think it should be. The chicken quesadilla is super yummy and definitely worth trying! I also participated in drinking a margorona while there with my friends. They're pretty darn big!! And are as tasty as the ones down in Mexico I will probably visit this restaurant again. Although I wouldn't say it's a place you have to try while in Champaign, it's not a bad place to get dinner with friends on a night out
2_star I have been going to the Beehive since I was in high school, but it's not where I would go for a cup of coffee. The atmosphere is creative, but I find the staff to be a bit pretentious and the coffee to be mediocre. The crowd that usually ends up here are the ultra so hip so indie so hipster so unique and different and therefore better than you. The kind of folk that are more interested on the paintings on the wall and the cool layout than actually enjoying a quality cup of coffee and a friendly staff. I must say the place has a cool layout. There are swings inside and they have a large space, which is good compared to the typical small coffee shop. Wifi isn't free, so get that out of your mind. That being said, if you're trying to actually accomplish something, I wouldn't go to the beehive because the crowd is pretty young and has a tendency to be distracting. There are other coffee shops in the South Side that offer a better experience.
1_star Worst restaurant ever! Stay away... corned beef straight out of the can... old stale toast... and gross slices of cheese on an omelet. Also bring a snack, you will be waiting at least 30 minutes for your food!
4_star Un lieu insolite a Montréal pour déguster des plats typiques comme la "poutine". A voir absolument!
2_star Appalling lack of quality and care. Not sure how you serve brown broccoli, old lettuce...sad that corporate doesn't care that a chain restaurant in an upscale neighborhood leaves such a bad taste for their brand.
4_star Greasy spoon joint. Great neighborhood place serving breakfast and lunch. Love their breakfast. Seating is limited so expect to wait to be seated on a weekend because the locals flock to this place since its the only place nearby serving a good breakfast other than fast food. Waitresses are really nice and will make you feel at home.
1_star Tried this place for the first time the other night, have to say echo the chorus of people leaving negative reviews of the staff. Some of the rudest management staff I have seen in any restaurant! The weekend hostess and the manager make a place with average food (at best) unbearable. With as many options in that part of town, when the place shuts down for running off clientele with their poor attitudes, it will not be missed. Based on a multitude of reviews that have shared similar bad experiences with the staff and their poor attitudes, don't hold your breath expecting any improvements.
1_star Oh my goodness...0 stars! Tom's Urban was one of the worst dining experiences I've had in years! Ordered a glass of champagne as it was my birthday, took 15 minutes to arrive then wasn't the kind I'd ordered. Had to literally flag someone down because the staff were so inattentive. Finally got my champagne. Ordered food, when it was finally delivered, it wasn't as I'd ordered (I didn't make a bunch of high maintenance substitutions, just chose options from their menu). The plate looked so completely unappetizing that I did not want the meal corrected, I just said forget it. I couldn't have eaten what they delivered anyway, there wasn't any flatware on the table other than a knife and oversized soup spoon. Ugh! This place sucks, there are far better choices along the strip.
2_star Had high hopes due to Yelp reviews and being backed by the Gordon Ramsay name. First off it's just after 11pm and there's still a 30 minute wait. Guess can't really blame the place if they are that popular. After being seated and ordering right away; 2 burgers, 2 fries and a shake took about 30 mins. Burgers and shakes even at a fancy burger place shouldn't take 30 minutes. The burger was pretty good. Nothing amazing but a solid good. The truffle fries were WAY too salty. The creme brûlée Oreo shake started out pretty good. Once the top part (creme brûlée) was mixed into the Oreo part; it became unbearably sweet. Maybe they were having an off night...???
5_star The food and the service here is exceptional. Especially if you are lucky enough to get Ryan as your server. I can't rave about the food enough. I have eaten here countless times and can't recall a single bad dish or experience.
1_star I was happy to see that this mall has this restaurant because it is one of my favorite places to eat. I usually go to the Promenade location....and very happy there but Vaughn Mills its a totally differrnt story.... I am walking in with my husband and two kids. Right at the front they tell me i have to leave my stroller behind...are you kidding me... no restaurant has ever ask me to do that before...what if one of my kids was sleeping? i actually try to time it that way so i can eat a meal in peace. Since we were all hungry i figured ok lets just stay in.I asked for a booth because it is easier to manage my 3 yr old in there.The waitress gave me a weird look and said that a booth is not available and we can sit at a regular tabe...why...i do not know...the restaurant wasn't even that busy .ok so i am getting pretty irritaded by now...i insisted of getting that booth...she gave it to us but with an attitude. I figured it can not get any worst than this lets just enjoy our meal. As i am getting the menu i ask for the high chair...the waitress tells me she can not give me the high chair because we are sitting in a booth...what?!..i always get a high chair sitting in a booth and it is never a problem and maybe if you didn't take my stroller away i would be able to put my younger child in there. At this point i asked for a manager. She tells me how it is dangerous for my son to sit there because it is blocking the waitress to serve the food to our table and the food is hot...and they are concerned about safety...believe me there was more than enough space I was quite upset at this point so she brings me a high chair...the one that you are supposed to strap in to a chair...hello...i can not strap this to anything we are sitting in a booth...am i supposed to sit my 1 yr old child in a high chair that is not straped in into anything...i think that it is pretty dangerous! Don't ask why but we stayed anyway with me and my child sitting on my lap. BUT I TOLD MYSELF I WILL NEVER COME HERE AGAIN ...EVER! It is a waste of a good restaurant...poor management! I would highly recommend the Promenade location. They have very friendly stuff...stroller no problem...you can sit whetever you like...with a proper high chair...really i have nothing bad to say except that.i am always very pleased with their service and of course that they have yummy yummy food at a reasonable price.
4_star kitsune udon takosen salad
1_star Worst Panera ever!!! Dirty disgusting restrooms, too slow on taking order, dirty sticky tables!!! I have been studying at Panera for months due to being a mom of two. I have been to Robinson, Summit Park, east side and other places in states.This one is the worst location ever no doubt!
4_star The place is pretty nice looking. I myself did not feel comfortable sitting on the raised seats section so we waited longer to be seated. The lake view is nice. There was live music starting when we left. The place is clean and the food is good. Also not expensive.
5_star THE BEST CASUAL RESTAURANT IN LAS VEGAS! I took my mother and sister here for a birthday brunch and it was ABSOLUTELY FANTASTIC! The service was impeccable, warm, friendly and attentive without being intrusive. Everyone was genuinely nice and put their heart into everything they served. And oh my God was the food good! It was unbelievable delicious! The portions are truly enormous (my fluffy, light, heavenly, homemade buttermilk pancakes were bigger than my head!) everything was fresh, homemade and delicious! The chef is definitely creating world class cuisine in this little spot-its like a secret that has yet to be discovered. The Mimosas were made with hand squeezed orange juice and were so light and refreshing. And they have a wide range of menu options for breakfast and lunch, something sure to please everyone. Mimosas Gourmet offers high end food without break the bank prices. They definitely could be charging more -huge portions and the very best ingredients but the bill was extremely reasonable. When they found out it was my mother's birthday, they made her feel so special and the owner even came over to give her a gift certificate for a free future meal. I can't recommend this restaurant hard enough...I have lived and traveled around the world and know a good thing when I see it...Mimosas Gourmet is a hidden gem and you should definitely check them out before everyone discovers them and you can't get a seat!
5_star The place is a hole in the wall right behind the PHX car rental center. Arrived at dinner time, and had the best Mexican food! I had the #5 Machaca Plate w/rice, beans, & one of their homemade tortilla's burrito style. It was just amazing, and so cheap ($5.65). The only issue I have with this place is that its very well used, and looks very dirty, I did find it a bit sticky. Maybe this is a better place for pickup. If you want a clean restaurant, their North restaurant on Cactus Road restaurant is much cleaner.
3_star My girlfriend and I attempted to make this our regular place to eat and drink Monday nights. The special is 45¢ wings and $1.99 Yuengling drafts from 7-10. Wings are great, appetizers are great, beers are great. What KILLS this review is the service. I'm not sure if it is because my girlfriend and I are of the younger crowd (mid-twenties), or the people there are just that rude. But, every time we visited, the blonde bartender took AT LEAST ten minutes to greet us and another ten to get our drinks. To add onto all of this, some times you can't get a seat in the bar (the only place the beer and wings special applies) they allow HIGH SCHOOL KIDS to sit in the bar area and cause a ruckus. What a shame cause the food is great.
4_star This place is great, best breakfast and best hamburger in town. The mannequin needs updating though...
1_star Meh..... Service is good and our waitress was very nice. The food is mediocre and nothing special at all. All of our meals and pizza we're cold and tasted like reheated frozen food that was over priced.
5_star I wanted to check this place out after reading all the great reviews. I didn't know if this was the best choice seeing all the other sandwiches but my mouth was watering thinking of the shrimp po boy I had last summer in Florida. Glad I took a chance it was awesome! Great tasting shrimp, breading was light, the bread was soft & delicious. Onion rings were great as well. Can't wait to order from here again.
4_star After u get pass the smell you'll love the food and their big portions. Will definitely be going back to this place. Awesome fried rice and katsu
4_star This is my local breakfast spot. My daughter and I come here at least once per week. All the waitresses know us and our order. They come by and say hi to her and play games with her. The food is consistently good. If you want a great mimosa or to try something a bit different a brewmosa.
2_star Let me preface this by saying I have been in the service industry for the better part of 20 years. I understand how restaurants work as far as service, reservations, repeat customers, etc. I was so extremely disappointed in this place. Here's my story: While looking for a centrally-located place for the fam to dine, we came across this pizza parlor and remembered seeing it on TV. On their website it states they take reservations for parties of 6 or more so I called to make a reservation. The gentleman that answered the phone took our name and phone number and then proceeded to let us know the rules: 1. They won't seat you until your entire party is there (not really understandable since they pushed tables together and could have easily separated them should our party not all show up) 2. They only hold the table for 10 minutes (kind of understandable since so many people flake out on reservations, but 10 min is a little short, especially if there's traffic) and 3. We had 1.5 hours to eat because another party was coming in. He asked if #3 was an ok time-frame. I said it was up to his kitchen and how fast they can pump out the food - they did good. He said there was only one table in the restaurant that could sit 6 or more. However, when we arrived they were pushing tables together on the patio to accommodate a party of 6 and they had another large party just in side the patio and we sat in a different location, so not sure how he thought there was only 1 table for large parties. Plus each table is a 2-top and can be combined with x number of other tables to accommodate - there was plenty of room inside the restaurant. So after hanging up I already felt like they didn't really want us there. Four of the six of us arrived a slight bit early. We introduced ourselves as the reservation and they promptly corrected us by saying they don't make reservations, they just hold the table and our table would be given away at 6:10 if the entire party was not here. Right at 6pm we called the other two who informed us they were 3.6 miles away (according to their GPS) but they still wouldn't seat us. We explained they were only 7 min away, but they said it didn't matter and asked us to wait outside in 100 degree weather sweating our a$$e$ off. They never offered water or anything to drink. Just literally shuffled us out the door and proceeded to ignore us for the next ~7 minutes. Sign #2 they didn't really want us there. Since we were in 3 cars and not familiar with downtown Glendale, we decided to stick it out. The other two arrived and we were seated back by the bathrooms. Sign #3 they didn't really want us there. The restaurant was not packed, nor did it get packed while we were there so I'm not sure why they couldn't seat us or even let us wait inside in the air conditioning. The ONLY reason this place rec'd 2 stars rather than the 1/4 I would have preferred to give it is because of our server, Sandy. She was AMAZING! We wanted wine so she made some suggestions for both red and white. The table took her up on all that she suggested. She was polite, timely, funny, professional; she just rocked. She saved the dinner for all of us. Thank you Sandy! The food was fairly good. We ordered the fried ravioli (REALLY good) and bruschetta as apps. The salads came next (ok to split with someone - they are fairly good size). Definitely ask for the dressing on the side. We couldn't eat half of ours because it was absolutely drowning in dressing. The pizza was pretty good. Be careful of the pies that have garlic on them - they are large pieces of garlic so you definitely want to make sure your date likes garlic too. ;-) We won't be back nor would we recommend this place to friends. We will tell them our story and let them make up their own mind. And we will definitely have them call ahead to see if Sandy is working because she really did save the night.
5_star Wonderful place to eat. The food was terrific and the service Great! If you have food allergies, they will accommodate you. Take a risk and eat at Copper Still Moonshine Grill.
5_star Amazing food! Great portion size with reasonable prices as well! Was my first time and the employee was very helpful and friendly in guiding me through the "build your own" process. Will definitely be returning!
4_star My first experience at Dirty Bird was amazing. I ordered the ODM and it was delicious. Boneless fried chicken thigh on a fluffy waffle! There was a sauce on the chicken which was a mixture of red hot hot sauce and medium chicken wing sauce, which was so good. Their coleslaw and potato salad are also a must get! I would recommend take out as there is very limited seating!
2_star I imagine the reason why some people rave about this pizza is the same thing that made me dislike it. I noticed a difference as soon as I picked up the take-out box. This pizza was HEAVY. Way heavier than any other box of pizza I've carried. At home, the reason became clear: there is an insane amount of cheese on top. I mean seriously crazy. The mass of the cheese definitely outweighs the dough and all the other ingredients combined. So, the good news: if you are primarily craving greasy cheesy goodness, you'll be in heaven. The top of the cheese was browned deliciously, and the bottom of the crust was nicely browned too. Smells great, also. But, the bad news: nothing in between got baked, because it was insulated by the cheese jacket. So the (bland) sauce left the top of the crust soggy; the mushrooms were soggy; the (curiously flavorless) sausage was soggy. It was a bunch of soggy lukewarm unbaked pizza ingredients, sandwiched inside a thin crust and swaddled in tasty but excessive cheese. I'd love to love Mineo's pizza. And I sincerely appreciate that the staff were super nice about fixing a mistake they'd made with the order. I'd try them again if I'm ever drunk at 2am and craving grease, but until then, this is not the pizza for me.
4_star Very friendly owners/servers and decent food. A mostly Korean menu with some Hawaiian BBQ, burgers, etc. added on. The food is fresh and hot but not the best in terms of flavor (maybe not enough seasonings?). (Pass on the fries. Bibimbap and volcano pork are quite good.) But as service counts for a lot in this girl's book, I'll stick to my 4 stars.
5_star The best thing to happen to Verdun since the metro system. T&C hits a homerun on so many levels: culinary experience, taste, service, passion, staff knowledge and friendliness, local/fresh ingredients, presentation, cocktails, value for you money.... you name it! Definitely for the adventurous eater, John-Mike will wow you with some of the whacky creations he puts out on a plate/bowl/rock/tree trunk/etc. Say hi and revel in the passion he has for food, it's contagious. Manu behind the bar whips up some unique cocktails that'll keep you going all night long. Small groups or large, they'll hook you up with an unforgettable meal. Everything is good really. Right now they've got an amazing gazpacho, pigtail tacos, TCFC (Flintstones sized Turkey leg wrapped with squid), whole suckling pig... A really fantastically unique spot in Montreal, like nothing else out there. And no, Verdun is not that far. Go to this place now. You won't regret it.
2_star I stay at the Four Seasons this time in Vegas. Friends told me about The Cafe. It's walking distance from my hotel. I thought why not give it a try. So here I am. Sitting at The Cafe having my breakfast and writing this Yelp review. I don't normally do this, but the hostess is so rude and annoying that I have to come vent immediately. I arrived with my computer and some books, ready to eat and work. There were several solo business travelers here as well. The place was quite empty, so most of them were seated in a booth or a bigger table. When it was my turn to be seated, the hostess took me to the smallest, most crowded table in the room. I needed space for my computer and stuff, so I told her I would like to be seated at one of the empty booth (she just seated a solo business man in the booth next to the one I wanted.) She refused and gave me a booth that's right behind the entrance. It's the worst booth in the room, dark and crowded. She gave me a dirty look and left. Fortunately my waiter is super nice. I told him that I wanted to move to the other booth that's more comfortable. He had no problem with it. When I was moving my stuff, the hostess saw me and gave me another super nasty look. Ok. It's 9AM on Monday in Vegas. The Cafe is empty. I don't know what her problem is that she gives every solo diner (mostly caucasian men) nice booths and give me the smallest table in the room. When I told her I needed more space, she gave me such nasty attitude. On top of that, the breakfast is just blah. My nice waiter deserves a star and that's why I am giving this place two stars instead of one.
5_star How lucky am I that this place gave me my first sushi experience ever!!! We come here once a week, and yes, almost everytime around dinner time there is a wait. BUT IT IS SO WORTH IT. Plus they are really good with their to-go orders. Not the greatest place for large parties who want to sit and socialize alot, but perfect for a quick, healthy bite. Try the tiger roll, it is by far the best.
5_star Been here before, 1st time for my friend and we had a Deal Chicken coupon. We arrived early for the sunset and were not dissappointed as the view is amazing. We had drinks at the bar while we waited for our reservation and the sunset which we went outside on the balcony to watch for a few mintues. The bar staff was attentive and nice quick with an offer for another drink and refills on the water. Our reservation time came and we were escorted to a window table in the dinning room, small, cozy and intimate. Our three course meal was delicious! The complimentary bread was warm and the butter soft! Perfect. We had the carprese salad, seafood bruchette and the flat iron steak served with potatoes and green beans. Our steaks were cooked perfectly and everything else was just as good. Our waiter, (forgot his name) was a native Arizonan and we had a nice chat with him. I highly recommend The Wrigley, but only if you have the money as it is expensive but with the coupon, it certainly was a great deal!
2_star I've been here a few times -- it's ok. Convenient to my work and the happy hour prices are decent. The house marg is ok but kinda small and with LOTS of ice. The happy hour bar food was ok - nothing special. The outdoor seating (when the weather is nice) is ok - it faces a parking lot, as does most outdoor seating in AZ. Also when the weather is accommodating, they open the bar doors to the outside which gives it a cute look / feel. Overall - it's just ok. The food is pretty basic and if i used a toaster oven for my costco chimis / flautas - it would be the same.
3_star Four girls squeezed into a booth. Cue a "movie" waiter. My friend named our waiter as someone you would see in a comedy movie or sitcom--talkative, funny-ish, and always popping up at random times for small chat. Needless to say, our server was very attentive (e.g., good at recommending/not recommending dishes, clearing the table). He skated the *annoying* line very closely, never crossed it though so hurrah. Food got thumbs up from us: Med. pizza (really delicious and big for $9), Bison burger (fries were a hit), jambalaya, and dopple chop (it was good, but pricey at $20 for what is received). Drink-wise: Belgian pale ale (ugh, no. a bit of an off-taste), torched cherry caiprissima (too much lime juice for me, but my friend loved it), and don juan (nice). Overall, a good experience. But not a place I would have cravings for or feel the need to re-visit. It felt like a safe night-out dinner. Plus you can wear what you'd like, I saw fashions of all kinds without much judgment.
2_star We had really high hopes, and while the service and ambiance were great the food just wasn't that great. The veggies were all undercooked. A plate of carrots had a lovely caramel color and looked fabulous but they were basically raw. Similar issue with Brussels sprouts. Everything seemed a little under-seasoned and lacking in flavor generally, and worse, nothing arrived especially hot, which seems odd since we were there pretty early and I believe the first table served. A halibut entree had a totally raw squid tentacle section, which seemed unintentional. For the money I'd be really hesitant to give them another chance when there are so many other spectacular options in the neighborhood. Most of the 5 star reviews seem to be for brunch, so maybe we'll have better luck if we try that instead of dinner.
5_star We had great service and great food. We were here twice in one day because the first time was so good. We were in town for a hockey game, and just had a blast. Both times the waitresses were super friendly. They had a lot of televisions, so we could watch any sport. The food was excellent and reasonably priced. There was a lot of variety, and it came out of the kitchen quick and hot. We will definitely come back to this hidden diamond.
2_star The pizza looked old when i walked in. Maybe it's better to order it fresh... I got the chicken schwarma which came with some wilting veggies and layers of sauce. It... Tastes as if the sauce is compensating for the lack of flavour in the chicken. Yes it is cheap and probably a staple. You're not coming here for top shelf food. It's the draw of schwarma on pizza... More like 2.5 but i don't see how this deserves a four star
1_star It has been months since I have eaten at this place. I used to eat here often, especially on Taco Tuesday. I walked in today just knowing I was going to have another great experience so I took my order to go. There was only one young lady (I could see behind the counter) who was quite pleasant and pointed out the new menu items which were of Indian origin (like Chicken Tandoori, Curry Chicken etc). I thanked her for the info and told her that maybe I would try it next time. So, I ordered tacos (hard) with shredded chicken on the inside. It took no time for my order to come up. It took me less than 5 min to get to my destination and BOY was I disappointed. The taco shells were cold (why? not sure). Then I broke apart my shells and discovered my chicken was ice cold as well. I was so sad because I enjoy a good taco. Every element of my taco was cold, as if everything came out of the fridge. If this place has been sold to someone else then they need to just do the Indian food and forget about the mexican food. I wont be returning unless I want Indian food. The lady said she makes that fresh per order.
2_star The food was amazing. Had the deviled eggs and Fried Chicken and waffles. The service was okay. The wine pours were shameful. So very small they must get at least 6 glasses per bottle, which is why I'm only rating 2 stars.
2_star The Estate House is a great room in a beautiful setting. That is where the good stuff ends. The food is mediocre at best. Overpriced salads, tasteless main dishes and boring desserts.The mache salad was a weak collection of greens and an overspiced cheeseball. I had overcooked Opah with a soggy veggie fritter. My wife had dried out seabass and limp spinach. The chocolate dessert was gummy and not very tasty. The service was terrible. It was slow and our waiter actually disappeared after the main course and we had to get another person to serve our dessert. Our waiter reappeared to ask how our dessert was and disappeared for the rest of the night. They need a new chef and a well managed dining room to go with the excellent decor and setting.
5_star I went in not expecting much, but Turkish Grille blew me away. I got the Chicken Kabab plate and it was delicious. The Chicken was perfectly cooked with a nice char on the outside, but still juicy on the inside.
5_star Zero complaints except maybe that I wish the place itself was larger! The atmosphere is spot on, it has the feel of beach taco shop for sure. The outdoor seating area is awesome, super fun place to kick back with friends! The tacos were sooooo good and prices were reasonable! Crab fries were yummy!!! The owner was super cool and making his rounds, service was spot on. I will def be back!!!
2_star We called half an hr before reservation to make sure they have room for a stroller to fit since we have two babies in the group, the guy on the phone went and ask the manager and they said they will try their best to accommodate space and that a stroller wouldn't be a problem. Ok since they said that then we decided to try. This is the first time we have dined at bier markt. But when we arrived there, there wasn't even room for a car seat and the table they gave us is tight! Even I had to squeeze in (I'm 5')....honestly their food is just ok (I've been to better restaurant in this price range) and I have to admit their beer is good since their name is bier markt but that's about it. At least tell us honestly that there are no room for stroller so we could've picked somewhere that's baby friendly. The guy at the front who took us to the table doesn't even care whether our car seat fits into the booth seat or not. At the end of the night, this was suppose to be for my birthday celebration, which we told ahead of time and when we went there they said it's their company's policy not to serve cake! Omg
3_star It's Cracker Barrel. I haven't eaten there for years, at least 8 or more. We ordered take out last week. Husband said to give excellent feedback based on the manager fixing a problem with our order. 4 stars for the manager -1star for the chicken fried steak
2_star I have been here a few times and none of my experiences have been mind-blowing but this time I was the most disappointed. I ordered the mushroom soup which was very oily and bland knowing that I had enjoyed the chicken chowder the last time made my mushroom soup all the more disappointing. For a main course I had the salmon and was again disappointed. The potatoes were fine, the green beans great and I really enjoyed the maple sauce it is served with but the salmon was dry and way over-cooked. The staff is always on-point and you never have to worry about your glass going empty but for me the food is just not worth the price.
4_star Great food. Even better service. The Manager is friendly & helpful. I love the smoked chicken nachos. Great outdoor live music and a great happy hour crowd!
4_star We went to Nine Fine twice this trip and experienced two different atmospheres. Our first trip there was for lunch during a FIFA match (Bavaria/ Korea). They did have minimum purchase requirements for seating which is understandable for a big sporting event. The service was prompt and left us alone to watch the game. My wife had the fish and chips which was fantastic. The fish was thick filets and perfectly cooked. I ordered the Shepherd's Pie and I'm hooked. I'm no shepherd's pie expert, but it was a fantastic dish. We went back the next night just for a drink. We didn't expect more than the ambience that we experienced during the FIFA match and we were wrong. Ri Ra, what I gathered was band that plays there regularly, was playing and they were quite good. We stayed and had a few pints (I recommend the Black Smith), watched the Irish dancing and listened to the band. The atmosphere was great and the service was excellent. Even though the bar was busy, the server's were spot on and never seemed rushed. All-in-all, a great experience.
4_star great tofu soup! yum! A bit crowded/cramped in between tables...
4_star I love the Keg. The staff is friendly, and make you feel welcome. The food is always delicious, although they seem to never get my steak right. Still a fan though!
4_star Spaghetti pie - yes. omg Yep a kid and Crowd pleaser!
3_star Another stop in our quest for acceptable pizza, Slice at the ballpark was just fine on a Monday night. We had a margherita and a Frisky Billygoat. The pizzas were tasty, the people were nice. The Pirates were not playing that evening, so I can't speak to what the atmosphere might be during a game. I am sure we will be back; This is really a 3.5 star review.
4_star This place is average. Your normal pho place, no twists or anything unique. Though consistency is a blessing. The food is delicious and the service is quick and easy. I didn't see my server after she handed my food but I understand because I was in and out. The spring rolls were small to me and sort of a bummer but it's still worth it as it tastes great. The bubble tea didn't seem fresh as they indicated but it was very very good. I would definitely come here if I was in the area.
2_star My friends and I came here before a show for dinner. We often go to Barrio Coreano, which to my understanding is under the same umbrella of restaurants as El Catrin, and we absolutely adore the place. To be honest, we were surprisingly disappointed by the food. We ordered one of the pork tacos, the mushroom tacos, and the shrimp and lobster tacos. The seafood one was probably the worst one of the three. The shrimp was flavourless and just covered in cheap chipotle mayo. The mushroom and the pork tacos were greasy but in comparison to the other one they were fine. At the end of the meal, the server did take off the shrimp and lobster tacos which is great service on their part. We really appreciated that. The patio and restaurant interior are gorgeous. Too bad we didn't have the food to enjoy it with!
2_star I really think that 18$ for gambas is too expensive, 6 pieces of shrimp, that's too pricey. Anyways, Our server came once to ask us for our food and never came back again. Instead our lovely buss girls did all the service! The food was ok! The biggest disappointment overall was the way the server treated the buss girl! He probably didn't know we spoke Spanish, but we clearly understood everything. After all she was the one who did all the work!
5_star The best thing about this place is the quality and freshness of the ingredients. Pizza was surprisingly delicious. My girlfriend loves that they offer fresh mozzarella and spicy sausage. I was impressed by their overall customer service and friendliness. We've been here twice in the past week, and each time our pizza was great. Customizing your own pizza for one low price of $7.75 is unheard of, especially given the quality. I Will definitely recommend this place to anyone who loves pizza. Try it out and don't be shy to add multiple toppings, it's only $7.75 regardless of how many toppings you choose.
4_star If you eat pizza only and solely for the cheese, you might prefer Mineo's. But if you enjoy tasting the other components of a pizza too, then Pizza Bellino is a good call. The tomato sauce has actual flavor. I mean you can actually taste tomatoes in it---crazy, I know. The sausage and bacon toppings are meaty and crispy, the veggie toppings get nicely roasted as the pizza bakes, and the cheese and crust are pleasantly browned. The white sauce pizza is great too if you enjoy a full but mellow garlic flavor. Once every few months my wife and I try another pizzeria, get disappointed, and promptly revert back to Bellino as our standard.
2_star Kaki Furai (Deep fried oysters) - $8 I don't love oysters but I actually liked this. The batter was crispy and thin and the oysters weren't dried out. 6-pack - $12 The outside of the nori was encrusted with...I want to say it was panko. It didn't look like deep fried sushi rice on the outside to me. Spicy tuna 2 styles - $6 The pieces on the far left/right were spicy and the inside pieces were plain. Reminded me of bruschetta. But better. Wild Jumbo Shrimp Tempura - $8 I don't mind wasabi but I wish it was on the side. Otherwise, I liked the big shrimp and the batter. Mini Okonomiyaki - $6 Nothing spectacular, but a bit too much bonito flakes Yaki Scallop - $12 These scallops were too dry for my liking. Salmon on rice in soup - ? That's literally what it was to me. The broth was interesting. At the end of each bite, there was a floral scent. It was like flower-scented soup. Not bad, but just unexpected. Service The staff was friendly and attentive throughout the meal. It would've been nice if they had told us which dish was which without being asked. Reservations We had to call a few times before getting through to book a reservation. The deal said that reservations had to be made 24 hours in advance but we called in the afternoon and got a seat for 7pm. The place was pretty empty when we got there but was almost full by the time we left around 9. We assumed it would be busier later on as it was more of a late night eats place (5pm-2am). Menu/prices I probably wouldn't go back if I didn't have a group deal like the one we had. We ordered 8 dishes and a beer. The total was just shy of $70 so we each ended up paying around $20 (for the coupon itself and tax+tip).
2_star We had a group of three and each ordered the pork and shrimp spring rolls and beef pho. The spring rolls were so disappointing... they were not fresh and almost seemed like they were frozen and not fully thawed. The peanut sauce tasted like watered down peanut butter. The pho itself was okay. Overall, the food can definitely use improvement and we wouldn't visit this restaurant again.
3_star Four of us went for breakfast. 2 of us had the $5.99 steak and egg special, which includes house fried potatoes (which are amazing) and toast. 2 of us had the veggie omelet, which was packed with fresh veggies, smothered with cheese, and also served with potatoes and toast. With coffee and tip, total bill was less than $35. Great deal. Service was very good, servers were really friendly and refills of coffee/water were abundant. We returned for dinner the next day. 2 of us had the penne al forno, which was creamy and delicious. 2 of us had the burgers with no complaint. The best part-- $2.25 20 oz. beers that are brewed in house. Both the Hefe and the Light are very smooth. Total bill for 5 beers and 4 entrees was $45, a steal for being walkable from the strip.
2_star Let me just start by saying that Luci's has been a great refuge when I needed somewhere to go without a lot of noise (aka children screaming and running around). Where they fall short is the food. The menu is inconsistent and seems to change with the moon phase. Recently I went in to order "dinner" only to find out what used to be an actual "dinner" menu with awesome comfort foods is now just the "lunch" menu extended. With all of that said... let me tell you the second thing that disappointed me about Luci's. I ordered the meatloaf sandwich. I was told it was close to the old "dinner" menu meatloaf and mashed potatoes. I asked for the sandwich with NO BREAD! Guess what? Yep, it was brought 20 minutes later to the table with bread! Guess what? They fixed it by scraping the meat off the bread and bringing it back! This is great for a place that prides it self in being "food allergy friendly". I sure hope that the owner sees that this is affecting her business. I used to recommend this establishment to friends. I will think twice now before I tell a friend about "the cool place on the corner".
5_star This was my 4th time coming here and it was good every time with a great price portions are well over satisfactory. I ordered beef and broccoli my girlfriend got orange chicken both were fresh the broccoli was not soggy or over cooked like most places the orange chicken had great flavor and moist less batter and more chicken how it should be.
2_star Food A-OK ! Just basic select of dish ... Nothing special! A little bit hard to call for service ! Tea time combo come with a hot drink and change to cold drink add $0.75! I ordered 4 combo and want to add $$ to change my drink to SNOW WHITE ( seven up + ice cream ). But the waitress told me that can't ?? U should side order ... So totally we have 6 drinks for 4 people! All HK style restaurant offer add $$ to upgrade their drink ! Anyway, I just go there one .... No second!!
3_star Well, here we go again: Phoenicians handing out five star reviews like penicillin at a downtown clinic. They just make it too easy if you ask me (but who's askin'?). Been here a few times now. The place: Really like it. Lots of wood surroundings, comfortable, open, and an herb garden right outside the front door. Terrific. Service: Had everything from sassy and sweet (previous visits) to "nice" but detached and probably didn't wanna work that day (my latest visit). But we've all been there. Really like that there's always a hostess and there are lots of people buzzing about so you are always taken care of pretty promptly. Food: O.K. - so we get it already - the pizza is good. It's the same as LGO as Pizza Biancho as blah blah blah. Has anyone really not noticed that flat pizza is about the same everywhere in the city? Phoenicians are annoyingly obsessed with "artisan" pizza. If they put half the energy they spend chasing down the latest artisan pizza into getting the Roosevelt district on it's creative feet, this could almost be one hell of a town. Sadly...the pizza chase continues. YES - the pizza is good here. Had the margherita and the seafood. Yum, fresh, and very pleasing. What I've noticed is that nobody has really reviewed anything other than the pizza and obvious adjoining fare. Well, here goes... Went there the other day, ordered, and was greeted by what had to be the smallest calamari appetizer I have ever seen. No joke...it's literally, like 10 pieces of calamari and shrimp combined. While I'm certainly not going to need gastric-bypass anytime soon to avert my hogging, I DO likes my calamari. This app has a three minute enjoyment time TOPS. At $9 for this amuse-bouche (that's French for "holy CRAP this is small"), you can skip it. I'm talking so little it has to cuff it's underwear to keep from tripping on itself. And then....the salad. Had the miserable beet salad, which arrived in a sort of flood-overflow-berm-meets-landing-strip-shave-job-for-a-centerfold shape. Oh - and again we are talking small. I'm a big fan of beets and the salads they adorn, but why would I pay $9 (again!!) for this meal when I can get a bountiful, delicious beet salad with dark, dark greens and breadsticks at Deluxe? I wouldn't. And I won't again. The BF and nephew had burgers - and they were very well seasoned, the buns had that twinge of crispy deliciousness, and the fries were well seasoned and tasty. Not a single complaint about these dishes. ...but that salad. And that calamari. Whew.... This place is getting some things very right, but it sure isn't hitting all the marks. And their prices on some things definitely need a second going-over, because it's just a rip-off. Oh, Artisan pizza...how you've made pseudo-critics out of a hungry, hungry populace. Sigh
4_star One of the newer Chinese restaurants in the asian town area. I was skeptical about trying this place because my parents went and did not give me a rave review about it. I decided I wanted to try it out myself and it was a good choice for a friend who enjoys spicy food. Since the first visit, I have been here more then a handful of times. The food is different from your typical restaurants in the area. The portions range from small to medium, dependent on what you order. The menu can be confusing...there is a dessert section, but not your typical sweet desserts. You know the food is not far from authentic cuisine when there are Chinese characters on the menu. They have 2 Karaoke rooms. The dining area is small and can get crowded. They have multiple large tables that can fit large parties. I have come with friends from all cultures to try the food. My most recent visit, I came with co-workers. I was the most "Asian" of the group, so I earned the responsibility of ordering? Since it was a party of 3, we ordered only a few dishes: - Braised mushroom with Bok Choy - one of my favorite vegetable dishes here. Bok Choy is actually inexpensive to buy and cook at home, but well worth the money when dining here. It is a nice complement to the multiple spicy dishes on the menu. - Pork with garlic sauce - I first noted this dish when glancing over at another table. Looked good, so we ordered it to give a try. A favorite of mine as well. The pork is cooked with some sort of vegetable in the potato family? Nice compliment to the meat. - Dan Dan Noodle - cheap and filling. Prob the spiciest dish that evening. Normally I share the noodle with someone, but I was feeling greedy and wanted one all to myself. Flat white noodle, minced spicy meat with some greens. A must try! I recommend to explore the menu and enjoy the different levels of spice. You can always ask for less or more spice dependent on your preference. Better yet, go with someone who can speak the native tongue and let them do the ordering. Sit back and enjoy the meal with a glass of water on the side!
5_star Hands down! BEST HAPPY HOUR in town!! What a steal! Have to try the Shrimp Eggplant!
3_star I give it a 3 because some of the dishes are not consistent. Order here often and find that it's easier to go in person to place the order because the people who pick up the phone barely speak English and even when you give the name or number of the menu item you're ordering they don't know their own menu. Also, if you pick up and pay cash they give you a 10% discount. The containers they put the takeout in aren't very sturdy and are taped shut. It's an ok place to go to order quick sushi.
1_star First off, I like family restaurants and avoid chains when possible. Sometimes that's not possible - in the future I'll avoid this one no matter what. Its always a zoo, the servers are not interested in what they are doing, and do it poorly. Food comes out of order or not at all. The managers don't care. We actually had a waitress spill the soup, catch most of it in her hand, and dump it back in right in front of us. Then she gave it to us before thinking to ask if we wanted another. Just go anywhere else, it can't be worse!
1_star I stopped yesterday, first visit to Al Hamra. It was around 5 pm--I was only customer & ordered to go. I ordered chicken tikka Masala with potatoes (paid extra for potatoes), and samosa appetizer. I got home and the samosas were so oily and, evidently due to the container they put it in, were falling apart soft not crispy & flaky as I was hoping. They forgot to add the potatoes to the masala. The masala was very hot & in a plastic container, so it almost melted the container. Taste was nothing special and prices MUCH higher than other better Indian restaurants I have been to around Phoenix. I don't think it's a good idea to order out with this restaurant. Might have been better experience if dining in..
5_star I've been lurking on yelp for awhile now, just reading reviews, getting suggestions, etc. But after trying true island bbq today, I decided to man up (woman up?...whatever, you get the gist) and start posting. Why? Because this place is ridiculously good! Like others have said, Darrell is fantastic. Very friendly and quick with the suggestions :) I had the shish kabobs with red rice (8.75), and it was worth every penny. Darrell was nice enough to put the hot sauce and salad dressing on the side for me (I didn't even have to ask) since I got my order to go and that hot sauce!! Tart, garlicky, spicy...amazing. Everything was super fresh and delicious! So hurry up, don't just meander along, and get yourselves over there. If not, I'll prob. end up eating everything before you get there.
4_star I ventured to Lola's this morning with my colleagues for a farewell brunch - it was delicious! I enjoyed the "mini" stuffed french toast - the berry compote was fresh (did not taste like a defrosted version) and the cheesecake filling was divine. My colleagues all ordered the scrambled egg dish and thumbs were up around the table. I sipped on tea, but others ordered the Americano coffee and said it was great. Overall, great spot for brunch!
1_star We actually had extreme food sadness. Rushed us through courses. Rewarmed entrées that we had sent back because we were still working on salads and apps. Had to ask for everything we needed. Awful service. Too bad, because at that price, we deserved better and we've grown to expect better from there. Disappointing. Plus the entrées, (mushroom risotto) were bland. Unseasoned. Swimming in butter. Not the great meal we had expected. And when we voiced our dissatisfaction, no offer was given to rectify the situation (different meal, free dessert).
3_star I suppose Noodle Asia fist the mold of the late night "fill-me-up" food, which people seek after a night of drinking in Las Vegas. Maybe I ate here at the wrong time, totally sober, and fresh off of the airplane. My hunger was satisfied, and I must have liked it to a degree, as my plate was pretty much clean, but reflecting back on it, my experience was simply, ok. There was a total of 6 guys that I went with, and we each got different things, so I was able to sample a couple of things other than what I'd ordered. Shanghai Noodles was my choice. It's a dish of wok-fried noodles with napa cabbage and pork. The plate looked and smelled good, but the noodles were truly too oily. I honestly couldn't help but think of Michael Jackson's 1980's jheri curl, so I suppose I can say that the noodles were straight up greasy. However, one of the guys at my table got beef congee. It had that nice thick porridgey texture that I love, not watery, as I've experienced at too many other establishments. Also, the beef was tender, which I previously thought was impossible in a soup. Though the noodles, their flagship product, aren't my favorite, I can say that they had excellent service. We were seated immediately, and almost as soon as we sat down, water was at our place settings. Additionally, time between placing our order, and when the first dish was delivered, was relatively quick, and when it arrived to the table, it was piping hot. It is one of the "casual" dining spots in The Venetian, so don't expect a meal to write home about. However, as I hinted earlier, if you're in need of balancing your liquid-to-solid ratio, after boozing, then head on over there.
2_star Food - Rare beef, classic pho. Broth was bland, noodles stuck, beef wasn't right. Spicy sauce on the side disappointing. It was pho but not the best I've ever had. Service - Mediocre Ambience - Not too hot on a Wednesday night
4_star wouldnt you agree that a key part of enjoying the dining experience in part depends upon the company you are dining with?! having said that, the times i have dined at abuelos have been with my fellow co-workers, all female, and yes, we all get along! needless to say, we had totally fun & memorable experiences, filled with great conversations, great food and good prices. their corn chips are fresh and lite, their salsa comes in different levels of heat. i usually request the hot salsa. i'm partial to their chicken enchilada. portions are just right, one is plenty for me, usually served with rice. in all fairness, believe i need to sample other dishes, before i could rate it any higher. found another great restaurant in chandler, az! top3 reasons why...1- great tasting dish 2- good value 3- atmosphere (location, service, ambience)
3_star Guac was made without lime and thus disappointing. Ambience was so-so. Food was okay. Eat here if it's convenient but don't make a special trip like we did.
1_star I have no idea how this place has a 4 star rating. I had breakfast here with my husband on a Saturday morning. We both ordered the House Breakfast, his no onions, mine no mushrooms. The gentleman who served us our food set down a plate in front of me and told me there were no mushrooms even though there were clearly mushrooms on top and scrambled within the omelet. I sent back the omelet and it took more than 10 minutes for them to serve me a new one. Both omelets were huge and overcooked, the toasted sliced baguette tough and chewy, and the hashbrowns were lukewarm at best with a strange citrus flavor. Everything was sadly underwhelming. The only redeeming quality was the friendly manager on duty who stopped by to chat with us. Unfortunately, we won't be dining here again.
2_star The server was more worried about reapplying her lip gloss than refilling the drinks. The food wasn't all that great either so probably won't be going back.
2_star This place used to be good, but with lazy wait service and inattentive management things have inevitably declined.
1_star Alright yelpers maybe we went on an "off-night" and didn't get the experience some of the others have described in their reviews, but this place is terrible! Right off the bat, my husband & I stood around like weirdos waiting to be acknowledged to be seated...when there was an empty table...yes Mr. Waiter we are here to eat & not just standing around in front of your restaurant to watch others eat...jeezz! So we get to sit & don't feel very welcomed. ..money is still green right? Anyways we order the ceasar salad & shrimp scampi, the salad was just like any other you can get anywhere & our pasta dish was blah! It didn't look appetizing and had unnecessary bread crumb crap on top of the shrimp that my husband & I both had to scrape off to taste the flavor of the shrimp. Oh and the garlic bread that I was sooo looking forward to after reading the other reviews wasn't great, I don't know if we got an old batch or they cooked ours differently, but they lacked flavor. We will absolutely never eat here again even if it's the last Italian restaurant left in Vegas. Our waiter never checked on us once delivering our food, only to leave the overpriced bill for our overrated food that lacked flavor & quality. ...to others reading this & craving Italian food late at night...go somewhere else.
4_star I eat here a regularly, but realized I've never given them a review! The menu is simple, and if you want a "fast food" burger this is the only place to go. I typically order the double-double w/o the (thousand islands sauce) and onion (this saves not only by breathe, but about 200 calories), and have them add ketchup and mustard. I do have to say the fries are just ok (5 Guys' are much better, but then they are 1400 calories for the large, so I'll eat these ones and be happy my waist is not expanding). Always lined up during the busy hours, but the line does move fairly quickly. Just a great burger!
1_star Came in to try for the first time. Most pizza places serve pizza. No pizza for us. Was told it was coming, but 40 minutes later, still no pizza. Please do not tell customers the pizza is coming every 10 minutes when you know it will take a long time. And when you say you will take care of the bill, why did I end up paying $17. Ohhhh, you didn't get permission. Chance we will be back....not likely.
4_star I made a quick stop at Costco (MLK & 95) this afternoon and saw the truck in the far end of the parking lot. I drove over and saw the staffer starting to close up shop. I asked if I could still place an order, and to my surprise, he was super friendly and said "Absolutely! Order whatever you'd like!" I was picking up lunch for a coworker too, so I decided on Asian Chicken Salad Wraps with side orders of the black bean and corn salsa. It was artfully prepared and the portion size was just right. I was expecting the wrap to be half the size for only $3! Everything was fresh and so tasty! The first thing I did when I got back to the office was find them online. I bookmarked their weekly schedule and am now following them on Twitter. I am so glad I stopped over and am looking forward to going back next week.
1_star The red velvet pancakes do not make up for the more than half an hour wait for drinks that we had to order three times, the inattentive wait staff nor the cold breakfasts that were delivered to our table! People who were sat twenty minutes after us were served quicker and another patron had to direct the waitress to my table when she failed to stop at our table yet again.
2_star I would have given this restaurant a much better review had it not been for our waiter. We were a group of 7; the waiter suggested we should order a chef selection, which would start at only $65 per person. We told him that we would prefer to order individually. The waiter said that he didn't recommend that and that he could not promise that we would all get our entrees at once since the kitchen was more set up for a chef selection type meal. Now I have eaten at many restaurants all over the world and that story was a first. We persevered with ordering our meals separately. One of our party was a little late arriving, so we ordered some appetizers for the table. The waiter kept telling us that we should order our main courses soon because they needed to "turn tables" and as such we only had 2 hours to eat before the next party would arrive. We told him that our late party was arriving any minute, but he still suggested that we order without him (even though all of our appetizers hadn't arrived yet). We were told 3 times that we had to hurry so that they could accommodate the next table settings. The meals came, one was about 5 minutes later than the others. A couple of our drinks never came or were incorrect. Other tables drinks were delivered to our table mistakenly. Once our meal was finished the waiter was pretty lethargic offering us desert or coffee. I will say the food was excellent and the ambiance was great. We ended up leaving just after 9:00 pm and couldn't help but notice a few empty tables and no one lining up to get at our table. I am probably inclined to conclude that we just had a poor waiter, but it really left a bad taste (so to speak) with everyone in our group. The only good thing for the waiter was the automatic 18% gratuity levied on our bill because of our huge group of 7 (used to start at groups of 8's) - he wouldn't have fared out so well if the tip was at my discretion.
1_star I've been going to this location since it opened as The Mez. In the last year the service standards have dropped beyond poor. Tonight was the final time I will go to SMG. I'm a new mom. My husband and I got a sitter so we could sneak out and see a late showing of Spiderman. The movie was supppsed to start at 10:45. We arrived early and at 10:38 we were told to go wait in the lounge. They had not cleaned the theater from the previous showing. We were allowed in and the movie began at 11:05pm. I could understand a delay if the theater were busy, but it was a Wednesday night. We had had plenty of time in advance to decide so we were the first people to place our food & drinks order. 11:05 movie starts 11:40 I flagged down a server to ask where our order was. She said she would notify the manager and never came back. There were only about 15 customers in the theater. 12:05 I flagged down the person who took our order. I told him every other person had been served and asked where ours was. He said he'd check. He came back five minutes later handed me 2 movie passes and said the manager would speak with us after the movie. He never offered to bring us food or even our drinks. No apology. No explanation. We sat there through the end of the credits until we were the last 2 people in the theater. No manager. When we left we didn't see anyone in the hallway either. I'm beyond disappointed. What was supposed to be a little getaway was ruined. Because I'm a breastfeeding mother I need to have lots of water to drink all of the time. This was the worst experience of several that we've had over the last year. They've lost a couple of long term customers.
2_star I write this review as someone who isn't into beer, so take that into account. Like many of my fellow reviewers, I thought this MGB had a cool space; you wouldn't find it out of place transported to San Francisco or Chicago. I went there with a group of friends in December; we were there at about 6P and it wasn't too crowded or too loud. As mentioned, I'm not much of a beer drinker, but most of my friends were, and while the selection was pretty good, we were disappointed by the server, who didn't seem to be able to answer some pretty basic questions about the different varieties. I don't think I'm alone in believing the staff at a brewery should be able to talk about the different beers and how they compare to each other. Another disappointment was the fact that they didn't have any happy hour specials. For a place that's relatively new and trying to make a reputation, why not offer a few discounts to promote your home brews and bring novices in the door? I'm also in agreement with those fellow reviewers who were blase about the food. Since I wasn't imbibing, I had been hoping for some great grub. I was disappointed at the uninspired menu, and the prices, which would have been more appropriate for those aforementioned Chicago of SF locations. The food we ordered was fine, but nothing special, and barely memorable. The one real plus I can point to was that at one point the manager came by our table and offered us a plate of free soft pretzels, which came with fresh mustard & garlic cheese spread. He said that the kitchen had accidentally made one order too many, and asked if we'd care to eat it. The gesture was great, but again, the dish wasn't interesting enough for a group of six of us to to finish it. I won't make any effort to go back, but if I'm with a group that is going there, I wouldn't put up a fuss about it. Try the place for yourself if you're so inclined, but it's nothing special from my perspective.
1_star It's a Chinese place run by Mexicans. They know nothing about how real chinese food should taste. Not freshly cooked. No coke or Pepsi.
1_star The food was disgusting , I haven't eaten anywhere so terrible in a long time. Sadly the burger was the worst part of the meal. It not only looked disgusting but tasted that way too.
4_star Their food is delicious. They have a few Vegan and Vegetarian dishes & I love the fact that it is a mom & pop type of restaurant. I always leave satisfied.
3_star Just had lunch at Thai Hut with my fellow co worker who insisted on trying a new place. Got to Thai Hut, menu was pretty simple to choose from. We got our food pretty quick. I had the yellow curry chicken. It was mediocre at best. My colleague's Beef panang tasted pretty bland. Chicken was prepared probably in advance as it was not as hot as we had hoped. Prices for downtown is reasonable and the service is fast.
4_star The Jerk Joint is stuck away in that market off Queen, which makes it less of an eye-catcher but the jerk is amazing! Went for lunch and had the wing snack box (jerk wings and jerk fries). The wings were perfectly spiced, juicy and delicious! My friend had the small jerk chicken with rice and beans and loved it. Portions are a bit smaller and prices a bit higher than some of the other spots downtown but definitely still affordable for great food. And an added location bonus- that hidden square just behind the market is a perfect picnic spot!
5_star I love this place. I recommend it all the time. However, I always....and I mean ALWAYS have to explain to people that this is "not the place with the little flag that gets you more tacos" This restaurant has a special place in my heart.
5_star Came here the other day to grab a quick lunch with a friend. We both got the margherita pizza, their standard with basil, tomato sauce and mozzarella. I definitely like the vibe of this place, staff were friendly and efficient. Everything is freshly made and you watch them as they p bake your pizza in an oven. My pizza was a bit burnt, but otherwise very tasty! I liked the texture of the dough and the thinness of the main part of the pizza, while the crust was fluffy and airy! Definitely plan to come back when I have a pizza craving. Roughly $12 for a personal sized pizza and a drink.
5_star Came here for a sunday brunch. Took one hour from when we got in line to being seated at a table but thank god it was worth it. Cleanest and tastiest buffet in vegas. I think the orange juice might actually be fresh squeezed. Great chilled shrimp. Every piece of cut melon is at the perfect ripeness. COME HUNGRY!
1_star Long lines for a short amount of fun. 20 dollars per person (with a coupon) didn't even cover the cost for all the arcade games. I wish I would have gone to Peter piper pizza. Then I wouldn't have to pay just to sit and watch. I will not be returning.
3_star We've come here several times in the last 5-6 years, but our recent visit early this month was a disappointment. The food has always been amazing, service impeccable, and we keep recommending this place to everyone who may enjoy food. However, it looks like they are making some transitions and it's not too smooth yet. New chairs- so heavy they will cause injury. Boots are recommended. The food was fine, just not memorable. Tastings were few and we had to ask for bread, which is usually served automatically. We got one tasting between courses and we did get a complimentary dessert since we were there for my birthday. Typically there are at least 3 tastings and so that was definitely a loss. We do have some dietary restrictions but it's never been a problem since the chef always has made adjustments. There is a new chef and they are making changes and a new menu. I hope that it's a good change- I am sadly more likely to try a different place rather than try here again. This was a place I would say WAS a bucket list highlight, and I hope that they manage to revive it.
2_star A large group, of around 20 or so, made a reservation for 8pm on a Saturday night. The place was suprisingly empty around this time with plenty of free tables. The first thing I noticed after glancing at the menu was how limited and overpriced everything was. It was a single page menu. It appears on busy nights, for fights, bell center events, etc, they switch to a severely limited but overpriced menu. I was looking forward to the chicken fingers, as I wasn't all that hungry, but they were nowhere to be found. I guess it's hard to justify charging $20+ for them so they had to go. Burger and fries will set you back ~$20, which I think was one of the cheapest options. I actually had a burger and fries and it was pretty mediocre. Definitely not worth the money or something I'd have there again. The service was really quite good, I'd say 4 stars there. My French is pretty brutal but the waiter had no issues with English. The food came out pretty fast and we were able to get out of there in a reasonable time which doesn't always happen with a largish group. Overall it was a good time but that was more so the company. Swapping out the menu for an overpriced special event menu leaves a sour taste in my mouth and I won't be back to this location again. There are much better options in Montreal than this place.
5_star Super bomb!!! Only all you can eat Korean BBQ & Sushi place in town. Derek was awesome hooked up all the grilling and gave all sorts of recommendations.. Brand new reopened under new management... Can't wait to come back!
1_star I hate giving this place a low rating because the food was good and our service was excellent, but my boyfriend and I had a horrible dining experience due to the following: We decided to try this restaurant on a Sunday. It was crowded, and still early, so there were families nearby. Despite this, a gentleman and what appeared to be a stripper were all over each other next to our table. This was our date night, so watching a girl sit on a guy's lap and make out with the guy next to me was disturbing. I later found out that this guy was an owner, a friend informed me that his name is Mills. Not only this but we were seated at one of the banquettes against the wall, where I had to slide into the table to be seated. The purses/bags/random clothing items from the party next to us were spilling into the section where I was sitting, and they did not bother to move them so I could sit. Once again, the party next to us was that of someone who owns part of this restaurant. If I wanted to have a date at a strip club, I would do exactly that. I'm all for watching a lap dance, but not on date night where I'm dropping $100+ on a meal, and not in front of families and children. I highly recommend rethinking this business strategy, or at least practicing mild class.
2_star I have tried this tavern twice now. First when it was new and then today. On my first visit I had the fish sandwich. I thought it was ok; but The Pub's (the previous restaurant) fish had been fantastic, and this was not nearly as good. Well, a year later I decided to try Burntwood Tavern again; I ordered the "Reuben sandwich". I suggest changing the name as I know my Reuben sandwiches and this definitely is not one. When it came to the table it was about 14 inches long and the corn beef resembled loosely ground, sweetened hamburger topped with slaw (softened cabbage) instead of sour kraut. This avant garde interpretation just doesn't work for this Clevelander. It is basically a squished loaf of bread with melted cheese and a sprinkling of corned beef on top with a thin layer of sweet cabbage pushed together to make a sandwich. All said and done 1 1/2" inches thick -- come on this is Cleveland -- the 3" minimum applies. WHERE'S THE BEEF? Not at Burntwood Tavern to be sure. This place is simply overpriced for what it offers. I do not plan on returning, however if you're in the area I would recommend trying one of the other restaurants around beachcliff -- Tartine, Sweet Melissa's, Stino da Napoli, Pearl of the Orient, Market or Beachcliff Tavern. If you're going to eat out in Rocky River you should choose one of these restaurants as they offer a much better value for your dollar.
5_star I just moved here and a friend recommended the Salty Sow. The staff was incredibly friendly. I had the Cracklin' Duroc Pork Belly and the Stuffed Mushroom appetizer. Both were fantastic and presented artistically. The waiter recommended the Kilt Lifter, an AZ brewed beer, which was also tasty and just what I had hoped it would be, a dark Scottish style beer. Glad I went and will certainly go again.
2_star Meh. I mean, sure, if you're into 2-hour waits on a Wednesday and expensive, mediocre sushi, by all means go for it!
3_star For the price and decor , it's a good place to get a savory brunch . Though seating space is limited , the food is cooked fresh and is flavorful despite being a tad bit salty. It's definitely a place to nibble on food while drinking good beer !
5_star So, whenever you have a California gurl in a Mexican Restaurant, it has to be good. My weary tummy has not had anything substantial all day, and having read the best of the best about the amazing La Tolteca, I decided to let me feet hit the street & check out this local flor in the rough. Well, I have to say the reviews are all TRUTH. The green enchilada's were my choice as I've not ever been huge fan of the red sauce, in addition to a full range of all that one could feast your immediate appetite too, there is also fresh tortillas, candy, the bakery which is a temptation I did avoid (thank you P90X) and yes, I did say it, the temptation is the BAKERY, the smells hit your nose before you even step in, yeast, sugar and spices, La Raza! Enjoy your time, don't rush, I wandered around and grabbed my favorite Fanta to connect the true flavors of home, Cali and my youth, thanks for the great time La Tolteca, and you'd better be sure that I'll be stopping in again with re-inforcements. Gracias & Happy Eating
3_star Good food and microbrews - one of the originals in Arizona. The place is always packed and is mostly a younger crowd at the Tempe location. Parking is on the street and difficult at times. Four Peaks is definitely a Tempe tradition.
2_star Typical Panda Express as far as the consistency of the food, but they can be VERY skimpy on the portions.....watch them closely!! First time I went there, I got probably 4 pieces of Bejing beef and 5 pieces of Orange chicken.....by the time I drove the 3 miles home and saw that, I was not going to return and complain, so I went online and filled out the survey to get a free entree next time. On my next visit, with the coupon in hand, they tried to skimp on the portions again......I told them that if they did not put more in the container, I was going to walk out and never return to this location again. They looked at me angrily, but put more in the container. I told them they will NEVER get away with skimping on my portions again... Only to be told " thank you, come again"
1_star Average food overall, pretty lousy prices. For Italian food you could do worse, but you could also do a whole of a lot better. Pizza is expensive but tasty. Dinner's were over prices and i think i could make the same thing at home pretty cheap
5_star Love this place. You can always get a healthy smoothy when it's 4am instead of getting some junk at some fast food place. I always get the chunky monkey protein smoothy. It's quick and it's 24hrs. I wish there were more of these is the city.
5_star Hands down the best filipino restaurant in town. My family and a few friends went on a wekend trip to Las Vegas and craved for filipino food at one point. We heard this place was good so we decided to try it and it definitely did not disappoint. The cebuchon is to-die-for and all their desserts are a must have. will definitely come back for more to try try out the other scrumptious items on the menu.
1_star Ordered lasagna for delivery with extra meatballs on the side, it came quickly. But qualty wise wasnt impressed. Meatballs were gummy and not tasty and the lasagna was full of too much cheese that did not taste very fresh. Frozen lasagna at loblaws is compareable. Was looking for a more authentich home made meal and was left disappointed.
3_star The food is good. The kale salad is my favorite. Slightly over priced but an overall good experience.
4_star Dinner was good. I had veggie enchiladas. Guacamole which was delicious. 1st time here since it just opened recently. Which I think explains some of the negative reviews. Atmosphere is fun. Similar to Mexican benihana but you don't have to socialize with strangers.
2_star I ordered a salad, the SoCal Love. It was okay. About a 1/4 head of butter lettuce, maybe half a tomato, 1/4 avocado (a little over ripe), sprouts. And a small piece of chicken so tough I had to ask for a steak knife. $12.25 and no croutons. And this place will not give you a piece of regular Italian bread. I was with seven other people and most of the ordered pasta. Bread to scoop up all that sauce? Nope, you can't get it at this place. You can order bruschetta, or flat bread. But you can't get a piece of freaking Italian bread.
1_star First of all, I'm a major YELP user, and like most of you on here, I look at Yelp for food recommendations; however, I am a terrible Yelper and never actually post anything on here. This place was so bad, that I actually had to find time to post something to inform the public on how terrible this place is! Coming home from Red Rock Canyon, we (party of 4) decided to give this place a try. The hostesses seemed lost when I requested a table for four. She just walked in a circle around the restaurant before going back to the front to ask another hostess for help on where to seat us ?! We ordered the mussels, which were super tiny and came with half of them still closed. Why would you serve totally closed mussels to your patrons? The dates, at a whopping $6 for three, don't even have a nut in the middle like Firefly giving them no texture. The sangria was good, however, it was overloaded with ice in an attempt to minimize alcohol content and maximize volume with ice. The bruschetta with ham (NOT PROSCIUTTO AS IT SHOULD BE) was good, but for 7-8$ for two tiny pieces, it was way overpriced. We also ordered Scallops, Sausage, and another item which we cancelled because we just wanted to leave and find another place to eat. Basically, everything is so overpriced that you will spend 40$ per person and leave totally hungry. The quality of the shrimp, mussels, and other meats is so poor and tiny that it seems that the owners are simply taking advantage of the "Summerlin Area" by charging such high prices for such low quality. Finally, this "Tapas Restaurant" actually has gaming machines and huge flat screen TV's all over it with football playing loudly on all screens making this a hyped-up PT's rather than a Spanish-feeling restaurant. Stick with Barcelona, Firefly, or another tapas restaurant if you want to leave full and satisfied, not hungry and ripped-off.
4_star Oh, man this is good pizza made the way God intended: In a wood fired oven on a crust that is just thick enough to hold up all the toppings. We went on a Friday night and they were completely packed, which means that the oven was having a hard time keeping up with all the orders. I've had pizza at places endorsed by the Rick Steves crowd in Italy, but this place was actually better. It took quite a long time for our food to arrive, but once it did it was pizza heaven. I need to find out when they are not so busy so I can go back the next time I need some Neapolitan goodness.
1_star This location should be on the TV show Restaurant Impossible. As soon as you pull into the parking lot, you will notice that it is a ghost town. I'm trying to decide if the poorly maintained parking lot is part of the look and feel of the place. The food was abysmal. The fried steak was bland and the sweet potato cold. Overcooked salmon and soggy bread. Go to Macaroni Grill or Chili's if you're staying in the area.
4_star Tenshi is my new favourite sushi place in Calgary. The quality of the fish is excellent. The sashimi cuts are actually too big. The rice is good and well balanced to the fish. The restaurant is in a great walkable neighbourhood, it's small and casual. Great before a night out or a weekday lunch.
3_star So... went for dinner. Staff was very fast and super freindly. Salsa was pretty good, queso was pretty good. Hard beef taco pretty tasty. Rice good. I got cheese enchiladas as well, and didnt like them at all. They had that odd fake like white cheese in them, not yummy, at all. In fact i didnt finish them. Ill probably continue to go occasionally, but will be careful about what i choose..... Atmosphere seemed fine.
1_star Definitely only 1 star worthy. The waitress only came to our table ONCE to ask how we were doing...and spoke very fast because she wanted to rush back to the table beside us to kiss their asses. After we paid for our bill, she comes back and asks for more tips..... WHO DOES THAT?! I felt that she didn't even deserve any extra tip because she didn't even provide us with amazing service. Besides, anyone can tip whatever percentage they want. People don't even have to tip if they don't want to. So I found that extremely rude. I will NEVER return here again. The manager didn't even try and talk to us about what happened which I thought was ridiculous.The food's not even great............
2_star Based on others' reviews of this deli, I have been wanting to stop in and try it for a long time. I could have saved the trip. The first thing I noticed when I walked into the place was the smell. Not sure if it was one of the food items, or if the place was just old and musty, but it was a complete turn-off. I'm all for patronizing local businesses, I realize that I might be the only person to feel this way, and their food might be the most awesome stuff on this planet, but I lost my appetite really quickly and left. As far as the rest of my experience went: it's crowded, drab and not very tidy looking, they have communal seating (ick) that takes up most of the floor space, and it wasn't clear to a newcomer where I was supposed to go to place an order (was it at the cash register by the door, or back towards the deli?). My brother-in-law's family owns a deli, and it looks and smells nothing like this one. My mouth actually waters when I walk into theirs and smell their food...in Cheese 'n Stuff, my mouth watered like it does when you're about to throw up.
4_star My son and I found ourselves in the Mirage on a Sunday afternoon and stopped here for a late lunch. The place was busy, but we were seated right away, and our server was super friendly and attentive. The milkshakes were wonderful - smooth, flavorful and creamy, not too thick, not too thin - just right! And the burgers were even better, cooked perfectly juicy, with generous portions of lettuce, pickles, onions and tomato. Just your basic burger, fries and shake - so simple, but so well executed! Skip the fast food joint and treat yourself to BLT Burger.
2_star Food is average and expensive compare to "Todai" restaurant in the casino trip. (Todai restaurant is closed and it is a best place to eat sushi.) if you eat at "Todai" don't come here because it is nothing near to what you get at Todai. I think it is just better a bit compare to regular chinese buffet restaurant but the price cost twice. for two at least 70 bucks. I don't think it is worth it.
5_star Great for take out or a casual meal. We had the chicken shawarma wrap and the falafel wrap. Fresh and authentic flavours. Customizable spice levels and good value. Next time I'm in Calgary I would definitely go again.
5_star Un café tranquille et confortable pour la lecture ou de détente. I enjoyed the relaxing and quiet vibe of this cafe to recharge after a visit to the fine art museum. Almond milk latte, sofas downstairs, and mellow lighting. Lovely.
1_star Place is beautiful but food was bad and overpriced, better go to buffet next door much better than this place.
1_star Don't try anything on the lunch menu. My husband ordered a ham and cheese sandwich, but he was told that the ham was still frozen, so he should choose something else (red flag... but we already paid). He ordered a grilled chicken sandwich. The menu description says it comes on a ciabatta roll. The microwaved piece of chicken came pretty much drenched in mayonnaise between two pieces of white toast and some lettuce. They don't bother to cut the sandwich in half, or serve it with anything (someone else mentioned chips? no chips here.) Sadly, he just threw the whole sandwich away... I ordered the BLT - because you can't really screw that up, but this place came pretty close. Pre-cooked, microwaved bacon on white toast with some bad tasting tomatoes and lettuce... Stick with coffee, or the pastries that aren't made there, i guess.
4_star As a vegetarian, there is nothing more exciting than walking into a restaurant and knowing that you have an entire menu to choose from. I'm not a huge fan of the Chinese style fake meat, but here I found that there was plenty to choose from that didn't have the fake meat, and the dishes were rich in fresh vegetables. I had a selection of vegetarian dim sum, the tofu fritters, and wonton soup, and it was all delicious. The two ladies serving were really nice, and if you have kids, they are very accommodating (and it is also a nice, big, bright space). They were quick to offer up high chairs, and there is a ramp! Will return for sure.
4_star I went there a couple week ago. The service was great small place. I had there osso buco meat it was good so much could only eat half. Wine was good by the glass a Malbec. I and my friend had there seafood soup was very good. I would recommend you try this place
1_star Absolutely terrible service, and an overall disappointing Cora's. Don't get me wrong, Cora's (in general) is one of the best breakfast places. However the one on Carleton is the WORST one I've ever been too. I've been here twice now. The first time, the food took a long time (the restaurant was not very busy) and one of the dishes was disappointingly sparse and looked nothing like the pictures (which is a major disappointment considering it's Cora's). The second time I came we waited over 15 minutes for someone to come take our order, once again the place was not busy. I usually highly recommend Cora's but I would highly recommend avoiding this one.
1_star I went there for my lunch n I must say one of the worst chinese food ever I got in my life..it was tasteless n only full of soya sauce...really disappointed:(
3_star I'm never impressed by quantity over quality but I really wanted to like this place. The wait was 90 minutes for breakfast so we went and gambled and returned in 75 minutes $150 richer. Score! So, we're all riding a jackpot high ready for some good food. I was drawn to the Benedict menu, while my dining partners had sage chicken and corn beef and cocktails. Maybe it was the alcohol -- they loved their food but I was greatly disappointed (drinking coffee). I had the HH original that was supposed to have tomato cream sauce. I was unpleasantly surprised to receive a plate covered in marinara sauce; eggs, mash, biscuit covered in marinara. The biscuit on it's own-delicious. The mash-yum. The combination? An utter failure. Where was the cream sauce? My recommendation, drink heavily or win the price of the meal and you won't care so much.
5_star The macarons here are a work of art. They have mastered these little desserts to be the perfect mix of a bit of crispiness, followed by a delicious chewy center, and then followed by a burst of subtle flavor. How can a burst be subtle, you ask? Try one and find out.
3_star Olive & Ivy...Ambiance is fantastic. Just walking in you feel like you are in a place to enjoy friends, drinks and good food. The outside seating area is actually my favorite. Although it can be hot in the summer evenings it's totally worth dealing with the heat. I gave this place 3 stars because of 1 thing. I ordered the veal raviolis when I was there. The taste was great, but for $18 the portion was more like a small appetizer. That was a bummer to say the least. I left there and had to get something else to eat later which I just don't do. Bump up the portions guys...then I give the place 5 stars.
4_star this place is actually pretty good, and I like the fact that it's not too trendy looking inside. It feels more traditional, and the tempura is awesome! Yet, I guess it's not that hard to make tempura. I love, love LOVE when they give you the sliced cucumber, cold noodle and rice vinegar small plate. OMG! what a great way to start a wonderful meal of sushi. Plus, this place has a lot of good memories. My first dates with my bestest friend ever, and he's still in my life. Hm, maybe I should take him there for ol' memories. I HIGHLY recommend this place for traditional sushi/japanese food.
2_star The banner advertising "Gourmet Chinese Food" could not be further from the truth. I'm shocked that this place has more than 3 stars and isn't out of business yet. I understand the whole American Chinese food thing and I know we're lacking in great local Chinese food spots... but I'd avoid this place at all costs. The food was very bland and- more importantly- every dish we ordered came out sitting in a pool of grease. I have never had pizza this greasy, let alone Chinese food. I am talking inedible amounts of oil covering the shrimp, noodles, etc. Even more disturbing was the fact that multiple people working here were coughing and sneezing, including the lady at the front handling takeout orders (who failed to cover her mouth and was sneezing throughout the course of our meal). Made me wish I worked for the health department. This restaurant is disgusting, the only reason I don't give it one star is because I didn't get shot or die after eating the food here (meaning I suppose, potentially, it COULD have been worse). Anyway, the point is I'd never come back.
3_star I honestly like Spring Rolls, but the service at this establishment was kind of poor. I went to the location at the Fairview Mall to catch up with friends and try the "All You Can Eat" option which sounded pretty cool. Our waiter was nice...at first. He told us about the $25 buffet style dinner (my friend and I had never had that before, our other friend had tried it) and we all got that. FAIR WARNING: If you go with a group EVERYONE has to pick either all you can eat or ordering dishes. Anyways, food started rolling out and honestly it was a GREAT experience! You can literally try anything on the menu as long as you finish it and everything is portion controlled so you have room to eat more. Here's where things went a little left. I have a super fast metabolism so I get full fairly quickly but I obviously wanted to get my money's worth. After every plate I would take 5-10 minutes to digest before ordering again, obviously not trying to waste by ordering too much. About an hour in, my group wasn't getting served as much and we were waiting up to twenty minutes to be served. The waiter seemed annoyed when taking our orders and was clearly avoiding our table. It bothered me because he knew two of us were new to the restaurant and first impression are so important. Anyways, we finally get desert and they have these bite sized brownies that I really liked. Again, fast metabolism so I wasn't trying to eat too much too fast. When I ordered a second round of brownies, I noticed they were basically thrown on the plate. Even though they were cube shaped they had an obvious top side and he clearly wasn't worried about presentation when he sent them to our table. This was really passive aggressive behaviour on his part and by then, my group was ready to go. We tipped an okay amount given the service and he seemed annoyed that we didn't give that much. I thought that was pretty extra, considering he avoided our table so much. So yeah, service sucked but I enjoyed the food and didn't get sick (I also have a super sensitive stomach) so I would definitely return and have ordered from Spring Rolls since then!
2_star Tacos were extremely small. I've experienced a lot better. Super disappointed.
4_star Came here for lunch only but they had a very decent selection and was quite consistent with their quality as well. Definitely my go to ayce lunch if I'm around the area. Service is usually better than the average ayce
2_star I have fond memories of this place when I was a student at Ryerson. I do have to say I believe my memories clouded the actual experience at Salad King since I've grown up so to speak. The pad thai was decent, but definitely not as good as I remembered! The curry was good too but I felt like I've had richer tasting curries before. It did it job though, fast relatively cheap and to the point. Great for take-out or a quick lunch if you're in the area.
1_star I've been to this place twice, more than once was a mistake. When they were a street operation, albeit a semi-legal one, it was really cool, novel - people would line up for days. The tacos were $3 apiece, and it was a unique and fun experience. Ever since they got fixed locations though, I am very unimpressed. I have slight hearing loss and the environment in this place is not conducive to any form of conversation - the music is all rap and hip hop and seriously and intensely loud. I don't mind the style of music at all and am happy to eat tacos to A Tribe Called Quest, but at airplane-taking-off decibel levels? I was with a group and couldn't hear a word of what was being said, made me feel stupid and isolated. Asking for music to be turned down was disregarded - 'this is our brand' was what I got in return. Gross. Service was slow and weirdly pretentious given the aesthetic they are trying to cultivate. As per the tacos - overpriced and way small. No lies, the cod fish is a decent two bites, but the carnita, cotija and beef cheek taste very boring - like more boring than ground beef with a 99 cent taco mix packet boring. You could eat ten of them easily and still be hungry, which sets you back over $60 - the price/food ratio is rough and both times I left hungry, poorer, and disappointed. The cherry on top is that this place is run by misogynists who think it is funny to make taco puns at the expense of women. They have done this multiple times, and I am certain will continue to do so despite overtures to the public. But hey, it's just locker room talk, right? On food quality, ambiance, and price, there are many, many better options for tacos in Toronto - I would skip this one.
1_star What a waste of time and money !!!! Just finished "birthday" dinner. Had to ask 3 times for a glass of water. And still waiting for a birthday cake....even asking 2 times....don't go here....
5_star A tiny place with amazing food!! Flew in from CA hungry and stumbled onto Chanpen. Oh happy day! Delicious!!!! Wonderful service too!
5_star Delicious. Absolutely delicious. The bacon mac & cheese was absolutely to die for. Such a simple dish, cooked to perfection. Well done
1_star This cute little place with an inviting patio quickly became the pit of starvation and lack of service despair. Save your money... When we were finally acknowledged, and the server stopped telling us of how busy she was, we ordered a beer. So... It took 15 minutes to be acknowledged another 15 to get water, another 30 to get a beer and another 40 minutes for the food to arrive. We were one of two tables. It was complete craziness! An hour and 40 minutes before our single-course arrived for lunch is truly unacceptable. This poor girl knew nothing about Indian food. I suppose that it is not totally her fault, someone should provide her with some training. The paneer in the mutter paneer was surprisingly chewy. They are more like cheese curds and even squeeked! The rice was over cooked and the garlic naan was burnt, and not lightly. Not to mention that when I asked for ghee the server said "what's that?" Ha... The real kicker is this place is not cheap. The bill came to $49! For 2ppl for lunch that was barely edible and was barely served. Our server realized that our experience was a grand disappointment and only added to it by selling out a team member. She said, "I know you had a bad meal. I'm sorry. The other guy in the kitchen is better. He's off today." I hope I'm not ever on a sinking ship with this chick! A note to the owners... You should really consider selling this place, and let the cool location be taken up by real industry professionals. If not, perhaps take a trip to India town and see how the flurry of Classic Indian restaurants operate.
3_star I thought it was decent my partner wasn't exactly pleased. I thinks it's worth another try. We came at closing and there was no avocado well see how or opinion changes with the next visit.
3_star We did not have the noodles but we did try the wings (very tasty) and pork on buns (also excellent). Nice place for a quick and easy meal but not that healthy for those watching their waistlines!
1_star Fail. Total fail. The subterfuge of culture that is (suburban) Pittsburgh is graced with many an identical TGI Fridays, I'm sure... But this place is just overall terrible. I travel constantly and I know what to expect from all chains, both in the 'burbs, and in the cities - but this place was just awful. I waited almost 15 minutes (late at night, empty bar) to have my order taken, and the food seemed to have been heat-lamped for several hours prior. I don't expect much at a TG's, ever, but this place fell short even within that mental framework. Just avoid it and try to get to Bonefish Grill down the street if at all possible. Similar prices and FAR superior food/service... Ugh.
5_star Food is great! Try the flank steak, the fondue, the bruschetta's, really the whole menu is a can't miss! Also, not on the drink menu is a Suite 9...it's basically a muttled strawberry mojito, and is really really good! No other place has this! By far a best of Madison!
4_star This is a popular place,here for fish tacos, they were very good Been here several times and would come here again,they have patio seating if you prefer to eat outside.
3_star I tried jerk pasta which was pretty good. It was not over cooked unlike most of the Italian restaurants in America. I think it was a bit pricy for lunch though. Waitress was friendly though I had hard time understanding her accent.
3_star I got a voucher from groupon to spend $35 for 2 people. The food was good for a vegetarian place. I would recommend the food and the place, for people to try at least once.
2_star If it wasn't for the beer, I wouldn't go here. With the exception of one waitress, the service is well below average. One waiter isn't 21 and is supposed to be able to give you advice and help with your selections. That would be alright if an establishment only serves Bud and Miller, not a place with such high quality beer. The atmosphere is typical strip mall, very bright and loud.
2_star well.. I wanted to like it..but.... The server was a mess. Got something on everyone of our table of 5's meal wrong...literally. Draft beer was flat. Got the brisket. Was nice and tender but it taste like it was cooked in the oven!! Not a hint of smokiness. Mac and cheese was not good...almost pastey consistency. Baked beans were different but good. One at our table ordered the boneless babybacks..but got regular... server was supposed to fix it.... 15 min later came back and said it wouild be another 10 min.... needless to say he ate the bone-ins. Took forever to get the food then forever for the server to come back and bring the check. And of course....checks were screwed up and wrong amounts charged to cards (and that was for the correctly calculated check) Next time in Cleveland I will skip BBQ.
2_star The food served was pretty good. But the service took so long to arrive. One of our orders was just forgotten. Overall , not a very good experience dining here. I won't recommend it to any one.
4_star i like this burger place, but to me they need to have a thicker ( or stronger ) hamburger bun.. After all the toppings are added, the bread gets soggy and it becomes very dificult to eat. Altough a little too liquid, their milkshakes are good
1_star We were looking forward to the dinner based on the reviews and ratings. However I had some concerns as there were some recent negative reviews. This was probably the most disappointing dinner we have ever had. We started with the octopus and calamari. The octopus was far too salty and inedible. The calamari was chewy and bland. The main courses we had were the lamb and linguine with clams. The rack of lamb was composed of about half fat. My wife had the linguine and the noodles were hard and chewy. When she asked about the chewiness of the noodles they took the plate back and said they would prepare a new one. They brought the same plate back just hotter (probably in the microwave). Will definitely never go again and will not reccommend.
2_star I don't get it here. This place is known all over the country, and gets rave reviews. After a three hour wait (I only put up with that because an out of town guest wanted to go), the waiter was rude and acted as though he could care less about our satisfaction. As for the pizza, it's not your 'normal' style which would be fine if it was good or an unusual treat, but it wasn't either. And pricey to boot. Not a place I'd suggest; Phoenix has many better locations to spend your $$ and get some great food.
4_star Visited this place on the way home from an obnoxiously long road trip where we desperately needed to be out of the car. It was a good choice I think. First off, we got there at happy hour, which while we weren't drinking so we didn't get to take advantage of those specials, the food specials were awesome. I got a burger and my fiancee got a brat, both of which were pretty good. My burger was cooked perfectly, however it had pulled pork on it which was dry. The coffee BBQ sauce at the table ended up providing some moisture and an extra burst of flavor. My fiancees brat was the same way, but he jacked it up with some stadium mustard, which IDK if it's made in house but it definitely packs a flavor punch. The fries were good, almost like a shoestring variety but a good crunch/soft ratio, and when you throw some of the chili and actual cheese (not the awful plastic variety) they become a delightful guilty pleasure. My only complaint was the shake. I was feeling adventurous and got the apple bacon vanilla shake and tossed a shot of bourbon in it (and I LOVE bourbon, thank you Pulp Fiction for making me ever consider the idea of bourbon in a shake, but I have grown to love it in the right application). It was not good, not even a little bit, and I'm not sure if it was the type of bourbon or if I just really didn't care for the flavor profile, but either way I wouldn't try that again. They have 'rules' about building your own thing but frankly, they have worked hard at creating the flavors that they have and securing their brand with them so I get it. They aren't condescending about it, they are just there, and it does help you sort of get out of the box with what you're eating which most of us need from time to time. I liked the decor, definitely a masculine feel but what do you expect from a place focused on burgers, brats and bourbon. A bit louder than I tend to care for but it looks like the outer door can be opened in good weather, which is a super cool feature in my opinion.
1_star I've heard great things about the dim sum here. Unfortunately I was unable to try it as, despite there being many empty tables on both floors of the restaurant, they refused to seat my party of 4 because they were "too busy". I've never been flat-out refused service at a restaurant before. So if you do decide to go check out the apparently legendary dim-sum here, perhaps call first and see if they're in the mood? :(
3_star The atmosphere was awesome! But... I ordered their mocha coffee drink and it was made with rose water. I'm not a huge fan of having my coffee taste like roses. I'd be interested in coming back to try the food
3_star We had buffet.....sushi was good but I was very disappointed with the Chinese food. It was bad as per my taste.
4_star I've been looking for a good Jewish Deli since I moved to Las Vegas. I picked up a friend from the Airport and he told me that we had to try this deli, so off to Bagelmania we went. When we walked in (around 11am) it was pretty busy. There were only a few open tables, and we were promptly seated. We ordered the whitefish salad appetizer and it was GREAT. I haven't had smoked whitefish salad like this since I lived in Chicago. Served with a bagel or your choice, and dill pickles, it was all very tasty! Paired with a Dr. Brown's Black Cherry soda, how could you go wrong?!?!?!?! Next came the Lox, Eggs, and Onions, served with Home Fries. Just like grandma used to make (jk). The servings are a good size and the atmosphere is very casual. The bagels are the best bagels I've found in Las Vegas. My friend ordered some Rugala to go to snack on in his hotel room later on. We had to break into it just to have a taste and they were very good. They have all kinds of meats, cheeses, salads, and desserts available for quick carry out. If you're looking for a great Authentic Jewish Deli in Las Vegas, this is the place to go. They are open 7 days a week, but only until 3pm.
2_star So we went here because of the reviews - they were wrong. If you get the waiter who is named Oscar, just leave before it starts. We had a party of 4 and the bench table had another party of 4. It was mildly funny at first with the rude attitude, but things got uncomfortable when - One of the ladies had her phone out when Oscar was at the table. He grabbed her phone, stood on the bench seat, took a photo of himself holding his genitals, then told the girl she had a "disgusting phone" while rubbing her phone against his genitals - then literally licked her phone. Things then got more uncomfortable when he wanted a picture with one of the other girls, telling her to grab his moustache as he pretended to grab her breasts (while commenting negatively about their size). He made not just rude but down right offending remarks to our table (which I choose to omit). There's a "rude and fun" atmosphere and this was just down right offensive and uncomfortable. The beers my wife and I ordered were brought out and not what we ordered - and when I commented on it he basically told me to shut up. The food tasted pretty good for what it was. The last straw was the hat incident, which resulted in my wife walking out immediately upset. I wanted to ensure the bill was paid, but the waiter couldn't be found (after walking around for several minutes I told a waitress he needed to come back). I told Oscar he went way too far and I wanted the bill. He then asked me what it was that I had ordered. I had enough of it, and I went off on him telling him to figure it out since he had written it down - and telling him to get the beers he gave us correct on the check. Which then made things worse as someone at a nearby table got angry at me for waking up their infant in a stroller (yup, a family of 5 with 3 young children were there) and literally stood up as if he wanted to fight. My wife and I have a good sense of humor and have no problems with rude and crude, but it went way too far. The manager spoke to me after the incident and was actually concerned. She was unhappy to hear about what had happened and she did what she could to set it right. I am only, hesitantly, giving it a 2nd star because of her.
4_star This is a proper student hang-out. But, even though my student days are sadly far behind me, I still love this place. It's great in the winter as it's all cosy and I like sitting by the bar people-watching, drinking a pint and eating their apple pie with ice-cream. Yumm. In the summer, the patio gets really busy - so it does take a while to bag a table. And it can take a while to get served. But hey, I'm in no rush. I haven't tried anything else on the food menu, so can't comment on this.
3_star I had high hopes for this place because it gets great reviews by critics but the food is only ok for the price and the service is god awful! I went twice in hopes that the experience would be different the second time around but both times I was seriously disappointed. The one redeeming quality is the venue! The decor is really nice and the terrace in summer is beautiful but honestly not worth it!
1_star Do not EVER eat here!!! Or the tacos at least. I went with a friend of mine and her sister. I got tacos and they got other menu items. I am just getting over a 36hr food poisoning! The food wasn't even that good. I have had way better tacos. The people I went with weren't impressed either. Do not waste your time or risk your health at this place!
3_star Prefer the location on college street, this one opened a couple weeks ago so the staff Seems to be still figuring things out. Great addition to my neighbourhood, was getting bored of all the Korean restos in the area. Have been twice since it opened, first time not enough toppings and the girl making it was told to redo it by the grill person, second time I went it was overfilled and had a burnt taste. Both times had a chicken burrito. Good location and very clean and spacious inside, so I'll prob go again in a few months when the kinks have been worked out.
2_star Complete disappointment all the way around. Mostly, we were disappointed in ourselves for not checking Yelp reviews first, which we usually do. The building interior and outside patio are really well done and have an edgy, hip feeling. The cool vibe stops there. Upon arrival, from the hostess to our server to the food runners you get the feeling that they can't be bothered. The server acted annoyed when my husband asked him to repeat the draft beer selections, he didn't explain them or offer a sample. Specials were not shared with us until we asked. Service is cold, unwelcoming, and borders on downright rude. My husband and daughter ordered a dozen raw oysters and they were the only thing we would return for. I had one of the whole fish specials (sheepshead) which was delicious and prepared well. The Brutus salad was not anything my husband expected. The menu says anchovy dressing, so he expected a Ceasar type dressing, not whole anchovies dumped all over the salad. He likes anchovies, so he ate it. We ordered 2 of the Hoi Toider for the 3 of us and were really disappointed. The fish/cheese spread is not smoky flavored at all - as advertised- and the house made crackers it comes with were mostly stale. How can a place not get crackers correct?? My daughter ordered the lambs and clams. The steamed clams were good, although no dish was given for the empty shells so she had to put them on the table. The lamb sausage in the dish is actually ground up bits in the sauce so the $13 price tag for this small plate is a bit steep. We did not get dessert and found the offerings lackluster. With the prices they charge here we were surprised the first dessert on the menu comes with sour gummy worms. Seems more appropriate for Chuck E Cheese. Not sure what they are going for with Rock Salt, but they need to figure it out. Save yourself the time and money and eat elsewhere. Too bad, it could be a really cool place.
3_star Pretty decent hot pot! We went a couple days ago with some friends and ordered the all you can eat special. We got a TON of food and the quality across the board was quite high. We ordered lamb slices, beef, pork, ox tongue, oyster, mussels, cuttlefish, squid, beef balls, fish balls, shrimp, salmon, tofu, udon noodles, spam, hot dogs, taro, spinach, nappa, mushrooms, and a fresh lobster which was STILL moving when it arrived. We ended up staying for 2.5 hrs and almost devoured all the stuff we ordered. Service was decent, we had to ask the waiter a couple times for one of the ingredients we wanted, but ultimately he delivered. The total was about $30 pp but for the quality, I would recommend.
3_star Been ordering from here almost 2 years. Delivery guys are awesome. Called tonite and on hold for 22 min. Guess it's pizza hut night
2_star Love their food, hate their prices, too much for too little food. Not worth it as the specialty is really in their sauce.
2_star Very slow service which is not ideal for an airport setting. It took the waiter 10 minutes to even take my drink order. Then, when I was in the middle of ordering... he walked away mid sentence. The food was decent but it was overpriced for one margarita and a plate of chicken nachos. My total was $28. Too much for terrible service and sub par service. Pass!
5_star I really love this place!! Great food, very clean, super friendly staff. I definitely recommend for all. My favorite is their pad Thai! The only recommendation I would suggest is having more options when it comes to drinks, of course when dining in. Over all I love it and I am glad to have another vegetarian/vegan place to have here.
5_star This place is too good.there was lots of buffet and different type of food .food is soo tasty.prepration is soo good specially chicken tikka ,saag and dal makhni was too good .if anyone try to eat indian food I suggested this place .service was good it's very good Resturant
5_star Love the atmosphere, the art pieces on the walls, music is entertaining. I love coming back and it reminds me a little of Roscoe's in Los Angeles. Their chicken is nicely flavored, love their wings, I can eat 10 of those and still ask for more. Their portions are perfect for the price and service is great...no complaints. I've been there four times and never had a bad experience with them.
5_star Expect this place to be packed EVERY SINGLE time you visit. The food is that good. The coffee cake alone is worth the wait.
1_star Very disappointed. The poached eggs were runny. Sent them back and got more runny eggs. They were kind enough to not charge me as I could not eat them. A dining companion ordered the house special breakfast omelette. She, too was very disappointed in this expensive brunch entree. She described it as "blah". No potatoes or toast is served with this omelette. At $15 one would think it would be served with a something. Want a side? $5 more. Another dining companion ordered a burger "medium". It came out of the kitchen very rare. The wait staff seems hurried and pretty indifferent. Still the place had plenty of customers. I have no idea why as I won't be back.
1_star Well, this one took me by surprise. Been a long time visitor to this as Sweet Tomatoes. I must not be very observant, because I had not realized this had converted over to a Field Kitchen. Anyways, showed up with my daughter (12 yrs old) tonight. Walked in and was a little bit confused. The hostess at the front walked us through, gave a great explanation of how things worked, escorted us to our table, gave us a menu, and we were on our way. The build your own salad bar is now one-time thru only (which is what we did, everything else looked way too expensive when you add it all up). Everything is now priced separately... cafeteria-style... and it's pay per item, except for fountain drinks and their small selection of house breads. The atmosphere is trendy and the staff was decent, but the prices are very high. If you are not careful you will walk out of there paying quite a bit more than expected. Also - be aware they add 7.5% gratuity onto your bill unless you specifically request they not do so. All in all, the food was alright, but the experience is not worth the price. We will not be returning to Field Kitchen again. So disappointed... and we are huge fans of Sweet Tomatoes. Goodbye - you will be missed.
2_star Sub par pizza and terrible seating combined with bad service: the only saving grace from the 1 star is the beer selection.
5_star Just a fun place to eat, drink & visit and knowing that your helping children and not lining the pockets of corporations, well just awesome :-) :-)
1_star We frequented this place in the early 2000's but got away from it as we moved away from the downtown. Seems everyone stopped going. We went on a Saturday night at 5:30 and was one of two tables there. Should have walked out when we had the chance. The place has the same decor and it's suffering from a need of a make over. The food was fine but you make your own so you can only blame yourself. I will note that the pineapple had no flavour so there is one product they could get fresher. I will note that my food had a funny after taste and I can't place blame as I am not am sure of the cause? The grill? The cook? A sauce that was odd? Don't know. I will say we won't be back. I would not waste your time either it's not the same place we loved 12 years ago. Head to the great Thai place 2 blocks west on 11th. It's worth the walk over.
3_star I went tonight and ordered a pound of shrimp hot and juicy mild with sausage added and two pounds of mussels one was black garlic mild and the other green garlic mild with a side of rice and Cajun fries.Now, shrimp was good quality however not as big on the flavor of the sauce. Sausage pretty good and the mussels were nice and plump. The two stars stem from the service it was lacking. Servers when they were around were friendly, it's just they never came around to ask how we were doing or refill drinks. Now I may be a little bias because my first seafood in a bag experience was at the angry crab shack in Mesa and they had absolutely wonderful service and such badass flavor seasoning. I will say I won't be coming back not because the food isn't good, but because angry crab is better. And I don't mean to put down any business, it's just my personal preference and experience.
5_star Delicious food and extremely friendly service! Warnings: turkey is not smoked there and frankfurters come with bread, not bun. However the smoked meat is so good the child who ordered hot dog quickly converted and fell in love with it.
4_star TO be honest, this place caught our attention only because we ditched the idea of going to El Catrin next door after reading a series of negative reviews of that place, plus our appetite had been worked up after walking around in the gloomy afternoon at the so-often visisted distillery district. But I gotta say Archeo served us well. With an austere food menu (but not so for the drinks), we were still able to order some really amazing food, like the risotto with a hint of tea leaf and sweetness, and the vegetable lasagne that had large slabs of mushroom in sophisticated layers. The friendly servers were attentive. Industrial Archaeology, they say, is the systematic study of material evidence associated with the industrial past. If my memory serves me right, the wall by the entrance had the term printed in Italian. I guess this place has somewhat made its relation with the industrial heritage of the whole district the theme of the restaurant. The loft style dining space offers a vast yet intimate experience with the space. PS. I genuinely welcome the lavatory style restrooms at this place. Far as I know, only El Catrin next door and Salad King on Yonge boast such sumptuous treatment for their patrons.
2_star Supposément les meilleurs burgers à Montréal (selon le sondage du Mirror en 2010). Largement surestimé. Le prix d'un burger complet (un patty, du fromage, tomates, laitue, ketchup, moutarde, cornichon) est passé à cinq dollars. Un deuxième patty peut être ajouté pour deux dollars de plus. Il y aussi un veggie burger pour $5 et des patates cuites sur la grille à $2. Des boissons sont aussi offerts pour $1 chacun. Malheureusement, le patty -- dont l'épaisseur n'impressionne pas tellement -- a été cuit si longtemps qu'il est devenu quasiment blanc à l'intérieur et sec comme une semelle de chaussure. Faut bien mastiquer. En plus de cela, en place de la musique agréable ils nous jouaient une sorte de fracas immonde de nouvelle-techno composée de sons nintendo et de cris percants qui ressemblait au gémissements d'un chat torturé. Affreux. Le service n'était pas très rapide (en partie parce que les burgers sont laissés si longtemps sur la grille), mais soigné. Vaut la peine de chercher votre burger ailleurs.
1_star We usually don't go to chain restaurants, but my wife has been wanting to give this one a try. What a mistake!! The cold salsa was decent, but we just couldn't understand the warm salsa. Maybe it works back east or in Colorado, but in Arizona when the temperature outside is 110 at 7:00 p.m. it doesn't work. We started with the guacamole table side, which was no big deal. Like Joe D. said "we can make it better and cheaper at home", I couldn't agree more. For dinner I ordered the Oaxaca Camerones, which were wrapped in bacon and stuffed with jalapenos and oaxaca cheese. Now I have ordered this dish in many Mexican restaurant, minus the jalapeno. I can't figure out why these did not even compare to any of the others I have had. The dish is so simply to prepare, but the shrimp tasted dry and the bacon was way to fatty. My wife ordered the Tacos Cascabel, soft tacos with sauteed chicken in a cascabel sauce, which were way to spicy. I love spicy Mexican food and she had me taste one, I couldn't finish the thing it was so hot. I usually don't write bad reviews, because I have been in the restaurant business for almost 20 years and I know how tough it is. Since I grew up in Arizona with real Mexican food I felt this chain needed to be reviewed. I just don't understand why people who live in Arizona or come here to visit would want to go to a chain Mexican restaurant. We have some of the best authentic Mexican restaurants in the United States! Viva Arizona!
3_star Went for happy hour and would definitely go again, but wasn't blown away by anything in particular. The food menu is pretty limited, which is expected since it's a bar and there's a full restaurant next door. We tried the perogies and some of the pate. Both were good, but again, nothing astounding. Although, now I see that we could have also ordered from the legume menu... We had some cocktails and would definitely come back to try some of the others. Overall, I'm mainly won over by the location, which is walking distance for me, and the fact that it wasn't too crowded at about 5:30pm.
2_star My son ordered a hot wrap ... it came to the table lukewarm. Coffee tasted like it had grounds in it.
3_star This place is just a Meh in my book. The mixed drink selection is amazing, and better than the food, in my opinion. The food is good, but the portions are tiny (and I'm not a big eater), and the wait for a table, even during the week, can be frustratingly long. Not the best pizza in town, but not terrible either.
3_star Price range from $20 for breakfast, $30 for lunch, $40 for dinner, that's just me rounding it up:) Went there for dinner. Food wasn't anything different from any other buffet. But the customer service was great from the whole staff. I was impressed by the service more than the food.
2_star We stopped at Peachtree for a glass of wine and appetizers. The place was comfortable. Unfortunately though not only was the bartender cranky but he made us feel like we were a bother to him. Then we order sweet potato chips which were $9. The chips were burnt and was about one cup total. So overpriced and bad quality. Couldn't recommend this place to anyone.
4_star I went here based on the reviews! I was actually pretty satisfied! I have lived on the northwest side of town for over 5 years and always got the advertisements and coupons but never went. I'm glad I went finally because I wanted Chinese but not so much "panda" ... Lol. The only downside is that the service is not great at all. They were pretty stale and unwelcoming when I ordered. A lil disappointed, a lil customer service 101 could help them bump to atleast 4.5 stars.
4_star Oye I'd give this place 5 stars if they could be a bit faster producing the meals. I love this place, nice fill for people with high metabolism in need of a good meal. Good price to size quantity value. Good staff and service, but kitchen is a bit slow because this place is very popular for lunch, and the wait it just takes forever. My suggestion to avoid the long wait, order ahead of time even if you are to eat right there. The food is delicious, very juicy meat, good complimentary salad and sesame naan. If that is not enough to fill you add a Bolanee fresh and delicioso.
5_star First time at Kyara, First the fried potatoes fried with garlic, very good per everyone at our table... Appetizers, yuzu chili salmon and albacore drew special sauce, yums but drew special sauce has a stronger kick in terms of spicy... The butabara is delicious without the tara sauce... The tempura is good since its lightly battered... Some places uses way too much... The nasu dengaku was good for those who like eggplant... Tori meshi is yums even though its small. The age mochi had a really good broth but eat it fast... The tsukune was ok...the tsukune at Raku is better... Another good dish was the ika butter...everyone enjoyed... The koro koro steak is something to try...medium rare... Melts in your mouth... Finally the mini udons...one of the best in las vegas... Overall loved the dishes and the service was superb... Definitely high recommendations to all...
1_star I am a frequent customer of Vinnie Zucchini. I have even recommended this restaurant to friends and family in the past. But yesterday when I went to visit with my wife, I was served some very bad chicken. I even noticed that afterwards, the owner (or whoever was in charge) realized there was something wrong and went to try it and then spoke to the chef. It seemed that they had realized the chicken had gone bad or something, and tried to cover it up by placing peppers on top. We did not say anything to the waitress, as she was very nice and we did not want to upset her or make a big deal out of it at the time. I will no longer be visiting this establishment, and will no longer recommend it to anyone. I really enjoyed going to this restaurant, but I am very disappointed and will not be going back.
2_star I called in a carry-out order since I need to eat at my desk for lunch. I have had drinks there before, and had their sweet potato fries for a side. They were good, so thought I'd give it another try. I was really disappointed. I got a BBQ slider and soup for the side. When I got to work and opened up the container, I felt jipped. What I had was a slider---yes, a teeny tiny burger. The soup was in a container not much bigger than one you'd get salad dressing in. I will say they both tasted good. Not great. Not special. I could have gone to Merryann's and gotten twice as much at half the price.....and they can do greasy burgers, too. You can also get sweet potato fries lots of places. I just wasn't impressed. Won't be going there again.
2_star Other than being right across the Fountains of Bellagio, I'm not quite sure what the hype is about this place. We came here for brunch during peak hour, but luckily had a reservation so ended up waiting only a few minutes. Our table ordered Bordelaise Steak Frites (with caramelized onion and red wine sauce); Chicken and Mushroom Crepe (with kale and brie); Seafood Crepe (with scallops, shrimp, peas and cream); Onion soup; and Eggs Benedict (with Canadian bacon and hollandaise sauce). The steak frites and onion soup were the best things we ordered. Steak frites came with a huge chunk of juicy steak and a side of crispy, salted fries. Onion soup was also a nice, big portion, but I can't say it stood out from other onion soups I've had. Can't speak for the chicken and mushroom crepe since I didn't get to try it, but everything else truthfully fell short of expectations. The seafood crepe not only lacked flavor, but also was too creamy and heavy for my taste. The large pieces of shrimp and scallops saved the dish, but overall, the crepe was just okay. Eggs benedict here is definitely not a stand-out dish, either. The muffin was too hard and I've definitely had better hollandaise sauce.
5_star Had pizza from here the other day got the chicken pesto it was great. Friend got the gluten free tomato basil, said it was fantastic. Can't wait to go back and try other pizza and one of their salads. Look grand
1_star We had a really bad experience here. On average this is a 3 star Japanese restaurant, the one star is for the bad uni and the chef's attitude. It's definitely overpriced. They only have sushi and no other dishes, and the ingredients are not as fresh as they should be. And they charge 6 dollars for valet parking. The worst thing is about the uni. My boyfriend and I are both uni lovers, but at this place its really bad. It's EXTREMELY BITTER, which means that it's not fresh. We talked to the chef but he was very arrogant. In brief, bad food, bad service, high price. Don't go there.
5_star The food is really good, try the beef enchiladas with hot sauce go set at the bar when the mariachies are playing drink a corona eat some chips and just enjoy yourself.
5_star Delicious vegetarian roti! The best one that I've had in Toronto.
3_star Not bad...service was pleasant...atmosphere festive...I enjoyed the Thai salad...looks like they have good takeout service as well...if come back
3_star Had noodles with bonito flakes, pickled radish and mayo. Great dish. There was a surprise concert too. I think the portions are too small for the price, so it gets 3 etoiles.
5_star Sean had amazing customer service and the gold standard of customer care. Will come back based off of his service. Good food and good drinks!
3_star Three and a half. A perfectly good place to come hang out after scoring produce at the nearby farmer's market. I ordered the potato soup (85 degrees outside, yeah...I'm weird), while my sis had the onion soup, a.k.a. cheese monstrosity (pictured). Cold beer, can't complain.
3_star I kind of really miss good Asian since I've moved to AZ. When we went to this place, I was excited about digging my chopsticks into a nice bowl of ramen but what we got instead was anticlimactic. Sigh... so much potential but it fell a little short. Having said that, it tasted ok. I can see myself coming back since it will definitely satisfy my cravings until my next visit back to LA but unfortunately, it won't be one of the top places on my list.
3_star Great restaurant! The ramen is not bad, restaurant is pretty quiet, nice atmosphere for chatting. Sushi isn't bad eithe. Price is a little on the expensive side.
4_star Fantastic service in this place. We had a large party for dinner and the service couldn't be better. Friendly staff/waiters who made sure we had everything. We felt right at home. Also, good value for the money.
5_star This specific location had the finest level of service and quality I have had at a Taco Bell in a really long time. This is nit-picky, but It has probably been 15 years since I have eaten a Burrito Supreme that didn't have all of the sour cream accumulated on one end of the shell. At this location, they do it right: evenly distributed with equal shares of filling in every bite. Other items were also prepared with surprising care and quality, plus they gave me just enough sauce at the drive thru, dare I say perfect? They've done right by me on two occasions, so I suspect it might not be a fluke! Also, friendly and personable staff.
4_star What's there to say about the IOC, except that it's THE place for breakfast on Cleveland's East Side. It's not fancy, but it's not dingy either. The wait staff know what they're doing and the service is quick. Portions and prices are good, and the food is consistent in it's goodness. It's very crowded on weekends for brunch, but if you get there before 10 a.m., you can usually get a table right away. I think they make a great short stack of buttermilk pancakes. I also really like the lemon-ricotta pancake, but I have had a few occasions when that one has come out a little "goopy" in the middle; I'm not sure if it has something to do with the ricotta . I also like their omlettes. My partner almost always gets the biscuits and gravy, and he says they are the best he has had in Cleveland so far; not excessively salty and the gravy isn't too thick. You're not going to leave here having had the best meal of your life, but you're going to get a solidly good breakfast, and unless you eat a lot more than I do - and I can eat a lot - you'll leave fully sated.
1_star By far the WORST restaurant experience I have ever had! My daughter and I went there for Mother's Day. 1. Upon entering the restaurant, nobody was there to greet us. There were only about 5 tables sat at that time. It was 2:15pm, so before/after the rush. 2. Feeling awkward just standing there, I took a to-go menu from the plastic holder to look at. When the host finally came, I went to put it back and the plastic thing tipped over. I fixed it and the hostess said "you o.k. there?" HOW RUDE! 3. Server took way too long to come get our drink order. A table was sat behind us a few minutes after we were and had their drinks and order was being taken before we had our drinks. 4. The restaurant was NOT busy. The owner/manager or whoever she is just sat at the bar doing nothing but talking to the bartender who had 1 customer and was just chatting. 5. Ordered an appetizer. It took 20minutes. It was cheese sticks! 6. Finally got dinner ordered half an hour later. A philly steak sandwich and baked ziti. 7. Another 30minutes later, asked the server about our food. She said it should be a couple more minutes. 5 minutes later, no food. Asked her again and also asked why ours was taking so long and the table that sat behind us was now paying their bill! Server said "I was wondering the same thing". 8. Forty minute mark - food finally comes. Another server brought it. I asked her why our dinner took almost 40 minutes and this was her SNOTTY, RUDE reply...."I checked the ticket, and your order was put in at 3:02pm. It is now 3:32pm, so that is only 20 minutes". REALLY? That is 30 minutes lady. 9. Finally, so upset, I went up to the bar to find a manager. Turns out the woman doing nothing sitting at the bar was indeed the owner. I explained my frustration and she could care less. Her attitude was just as bad as the girl that delivered the food. Said "we make all our food fresh here", blah blah blah. 10. I asked for my check, we paid, and I left. After getting home, I went to their website and found out the snotty waitress is also part of the family that owns this place. They claim to make you feel like part of the family when you come in. Nothing could be farther from the truth. Thanks for making my Mother's Day so bad.
2_star I went with my wife and son today. I thought the food was so so. While we were there they had a movie on that was not appropriate for young children because of the violent content. We went for the lunch buffet. There was a large selection of food choices. I think there should have been more vegetable choices. I believe I am more picky than most people since I am very health conscience. The servers were helpful.
1_star My son and I are avid fans of Guy Fieri's so we had to check this place out while in Vegas. We were extremely disappointed. It was pricy which isn't a problem if the food is worth it. The burgers were really dry and appetizers were so so. They were out of one of the ingredients for a house specialty drink. Tables were dirty. Guy needs to make a trip to his restaurant to see how subpar it is.
1_star Sigh, I had high expectations with this going in right in the heart of Strongsville. Pros: -No lines -Location Cons: -Food was cold -Extemely expensive, $23 for 2 small bowls and small drinks. -Atmosphere is a miss, trying to be chipotle modern but just comes across as bare, empty with an echo. -I like indian food, but this tastes more like frozen leftovers from the indian cafeteria style in the mall. Lets just say you don't have to look far if you want more value and fresher food, Chipotle is across the street.
3_star The sushi was pretty good, nice small place. We had the $35 sushi boat which was a good deal, the only downside was that you AREN'T allowed to choose either of the two "special rolls", 5 sushi pieces or 9 pieces of sashimi. I would give this place another shot though.
2_star Chicago style hot dig restaurant ran by asians. How authentic. Rather have driven the extra couple miles to Lukes at 16th st and Camelback. Portions where small, much more bread then meet.
5_star Cecily is the manager, very helpful and suggested great dishes. So glad I stopped by! Tomato broth is too good. Again highly recommended.
1_star I have been coming to this restaurant for many years, and have brought many friends and groups of friends. They have a great sushi menu, and their chefs are very nice. Over the years I have had several friends mention that the restaurant smells bad, and I have recently noticed it starting to smell worse. That's less than ideal for a fish and sushi restaurant. They do have a great menu, and the food is good. The service is sometimes slow and it's normally very very loud when they are busy. Last night (Tuesday) and asked for a booth. The host said they were going to seat me at the bar. The restaurant was nearly empty. Another hostess came over, and said we can seat you now at a booth but if we get busy we will move you to the bar. I was by myself and evidently they want to keep booths for groups of people. That is understandable I suppose, but when 80 percent of the booths were free does it matter that I wanted to sit at a booth? She decided in her words to "just this once" sit me at a booth very rudely. I asked her why it mattered and she said they may get busy, and said numerous times that next time I would have to sit at the bar. It wasn't so much that they have a policy of not letting one person sit at a booth, and slow evenings, so much as how rudely they handled it. I asked my waitress to speak to a manger. The waitress was very nice and polite, but told me the woman being rude to me was the manager. I decided I told the waitress she didn't do anything wrong, but I wasn't going stay, and I may not come back. I didn't catch the managers name, but probably about 40 years old, slim, with long dark hair in a ponytail I think. I am torn, I do like this restaurant, and overlook the smell and poor service usually for the good selection. I most likely won't' be back now and will need to find a go to restaurant for Sushi.
4_star I ordered the Blackened Chicken Po Boy sandwich. While the chicken was delicious. There was not much chicken in the sandwich. I wish I took a pic. Basically, I got a small piece of chicken breast cut in half and place on each half of the French bread:(
1_star Unfortunately my two friends were sick after eating their lunch. I was OK but they said it was too spicy.
5_star The place is freakin' bombshell. It's especially bombshell if you're someone like me who'd rather be horse-kicked in the trachea than spend time on "The Strip".
4_star Went here with my son and husband for lunch on a Saturday. It was $10, but for all-you-can-eat stir fry we thought that was pretty good. The ingredients were very fresh, lots of choices. We had fun mixing different sauces. We managed to get two bowls made and eaten and were stuffed. The food was really good. As we left, we saw cards that listed suggested dishes and the sauces, etc. you would use to make them. Our server didn't point that out to us. Food was still good, though. Then, my husband took some people there for a workday lunch. He said it was terribly slow service. People's ingredients got mixed into other bowls. One person at their table was waiting and waiting for their bowl to be cooked while everyone else was eating. At the end of the hour, their food finally came. They charged a take-out fee even though they took so long to get all the food out. My husband thought that was bad. He isn't as impressed with this place after that experience. I will try to consider they are still relatively new and might need to work out some kinks. Will be going back for the great ingredients and variety of food.
2_star What is it about high-end restaurants these days-- they crank up the music so doggone loud that you cannot hear the person next to you talk, let alone hear yourself think!!! I had looked forward to my meal here, but honestly, the very good food was overshadowed by the busy-ness of the restaurant and the too-loud rock music blasting away throughout the place. Honestly-- I love music, I love rock music, and I enjoy ambiance with music-- but this was just insane. Never again. Where do you go these days to have a nice meal in peace and quiet, to have a little intimacy, to have just a conversation with the person next to you without shouting so much that you have a sore or froggy throat the next day?
3_star I have had mixed experiences here. First up, both times the service was impeccable so that's a plus. I had lunch a couple of months back and it a great experience. Last night however it was a different story. We ate on a Sunday night so the menu was limited and the main attraction was the fresh fish display. We shared the Milos special starter of fired zucchini and it was lovely. We chose a small Branzino fish for main with Greek salad and potato sides. The sides were yummy but it's pretty hard to mess up a salad and potatoes so no surprise there. This fish was super disappointing. Not nearly fresh enough so not as delicious as it appeared. The bigger shock was the bill. To be honest we were moronic in not asking about the pricing of the fresh fish on display but it still came as an almighty fright. I expected it to be an expensive meal but I didn't expect to pay six times the average market price for a fish! I guess the moral of this review is know what your are going to be paying - ask for the price before they gut and cook it - and make sure its fresh that day for the price you'e paying.
3_star Very popular pub milieu that's a welcome break from the lounge vibe and uber-throbbing in most of the other proximate options. Wide beer selection and - with proper Happy Hour timing - reasonably priced (for Vegas Strip) prices. Staff was friendly. Can be cacophonous, especially if high-stakes sporting events are being displayed on their many TVs. Sliders so-so.
4_star Awesome bbq ribs, hush puppies, fries and fried apple sticks in vanilla ice cream. Come hungry leave happy!
5_star We absolutely love this place. They have the most delicious sandwiches. Their prices are good and portions are huge. This is a family business and they really care about their customers. When we eat there, they always remember us. They make their own roast beef and steak on site. This place is great!
4_star Small restaurant with family atmosphere. Food was great. The bread was fresh and warm - to die for! The Arrabiata sauce was awesome.
1_star Ordered the BBQ bacon burger which wasn't actually bad. Service wasn't very good. Had to ask multiple times for drink refills for our party of 8. Not sure anything ever has been cleaned there. The place was and felt sticky. All beer is served in plastic throw away glasses, utensils were plastic and came plastic sealed with a napkin. Expected a salt and pepper packet to fall out when they were opened. Water was served in styrofoam cups and 2 people had stuff floating in them. I ordered Guinness in a can to be safe. For a place where I didn't either much other the attractive waitresses, it really didn't even give that much.
5_star Had breakfast with friends this last weekend. Our waiter was either hung over or just inattentive. They had the roll up door up and after several requests to close it because members of our group were cold, as were other guests, the management finally rolled the door down. We also had to ask twice to turn down the music. It was so loud I could not hear the person sitting next to me talk. Our order was mixed up, but eventually got it right. Had to ask several times for coffee refills. this was not a typical visit, usually we get much better service. We will go back and try again. Food was good as always. Staff needs a little more customer service training...and management needs to be aware of how cold the restaurant is with all the roll up windows and doors open and to keep the music at a level that is background music, we're not at a club, we're at a restaurant.
3_star Well, I had no idea this changed so much! I was going in expecting a dark, all-wood, old-school restaurant. The only thing the same is the name. GREAT food though! The food we had was wonderful though. The pretzel with the beer cheese...YUM! We also tried the Nosh board. Not bad...not bad at all. Our friends split the meatloaf and said it was one of the best they've ever had. Some other friends had the green chili pork. They said it was very good, could be spicier though. Guess it depends on your tolerance level. My hubby and I split the burger, of all things. It was cooked perfect and tasted amazing! Overall the food was delish! I wish they had tried to keep some of the charm from the original place. Right now it seems very cold and unwelcoming. That said, the staff was the complete opposite. The general manager seemed very involved in how all his customers were doing and the wait staff was very attentive and nice. We most likely will be back at some point.
1_star Sat down to have dessert with my wife today, cheesecake for me and crepe for her. The coffee was decent and the food was OKay. There was one little problem: fruit flies on the coldest day of the winter. That was it. Two or three fruitflies and we complained to the manager who didn't charge us for a partially eaten meal. She did ask my wife to pay for the coffee which we refused. Of course, If you see flies in this weather, it.means there is something wrong with the cleanliness in the kitchen. I also noticed there was an accumulation of furry dust on the walls which is off putting but the place was filled with eager customers. Go figure. Anyways, hygiene should be the utmost factorbin operating an eating establishment. We will never return.
1_star First experience. My husband picked up food. First thing I noticed was the long black hair in my burger. What a waste of time and money. My dinner is now in the trash. My husband was braver then me and decided to taste the food. He said the burger was disgusting, the jalapeno poppers were strange with cheddar cheese, and the mozzarella sticks were a step below the frozen no-name brand. I wasn't missing out on anything except for maybe the stomach ache in his near future. Lucky he only ventured to eat a bite of each! Shame on you for serving such garbage!
2_star Just moved to the Scottsdale area and searched around online for a Chinese buffet style restaurant in the vicinity of our new place. Decided to give this place a shot. This place was pretty disappointing to say the least. The only plus was the friendly staff. Other than that, the place seemed run-down. Bathroom was kept pretty filthy and was in need of a makeover (might be a reflection of their kitchen, who knows). My GF and I went there for lunch and the food looked fine. However, almost all the food there taste as if it were laying under the heat lamps all day (if not from the previous evening). The veggies did not taste fresh at all. The wontons had hard edges. Basically, I'm glad that we scoped this place out before deciding to come here on a whim with a large group and risk being embarrassed by recommending that we eat here. I guess if you haven't been to any other Chinese buffets to compare it to, it might be somewhat palatable. But coming from the East Valley where we have so many awesome buffets to choose from, this place pales in comparison. I gave it 2 stars only because 1 star goes to the friendly staff. And the other star goes to the drinks and desert cake with ice cream (which was the only thing I enjoyed).
1_star It's 2:52 on a Sunday, Yelp says this business closes at 4:00. Me and my fiancé go in for a late brunch. The blonde at the front immediately says "we close at 3 but you can still be seated" how rude, don't lie to customers because your ready to go home. If you don't want to work on Sunday find another job. We will never come back.
2_star I love the Muramoto downtown, but I live by Hilldale, so my friend and I tried it out last night. We were seated quickly, and brought our edamame and wine within minutes. The waitress was efficient, but didn't smile once. Then, we waited over 45 minutes for our soup. My friend asked the waitress when it would be out, and she answered without looking at us: "Should be right up." 10 minutes later, she wandered over and said "Oh, you haven't even gotten your soup yet!" No, we haven't, and you obviously weren't listening earlier. How long does it take to ladle out two bowls of soup? We watched her ask the kitchen staff for the soup, and she was back with it a minute later. Easy fix. She brought out our rolls before we were finished with the soup, then brought us the check before we were finished with the rolls. Her timing was way off. The food was good, and about average price for sushi in Madison, but the service was really disappointing.
5_star I will never wait in line at Biancos again unless it is just for the appetizers. This is really good pizza and worth cramming into the little restaurant. They make the biggest pizza I have ever seen and if you have a small car it probably won't fit for take-out so be prepared to strap it to the roof or something.
2_star Food is very good but I can not believe that they do not accept American Express card! This is ridiculous.
5_star I go to the farmers market in old town on Saturdays to get my tamales for the week. They are SO good! I like that there is no lard used. Very clean taste, not salty, the meat is seasoned perfectly. My husband, daughter & I are big fans!
4_star Staying at Best Western and just wanted to walk to find a neighborhood restaurant. Turned down 7th street and found Laurier. I has their special of cod, three shrimp, mashed potatoes and veggies. My dinner was excellent. My husband has a lobster ravioli and loved his dinner. Our creme brûlée was outstanding. The service by Milan (?) was of the most outstanding. We are going back.
1_star Worst service ever!!! Will never go back!!! Food was just okay. Such a waste of money and time. The restaurant was not the cleanest as well.
4_star This restaurant is most definitely the most clean of any Chinese restaurant within China town. The service is mediocre like any other restaurant in Chinatown. It's really expensive and the quality of the food is what makes it stand out. I personally enjoy the spring rolls and siumai. All in all, the food is really enjoyable, however and service is lacking.
4_star Une envie de voyager direction le Mexique , excellent et très bon, à tester et j'encourage tout le monde à le tester rue Saint-Denis Montréal.
1_star I had steak and eggs x-mas night, service was ok, . I ask for my hashbrowns to be well done, they wore barly cooked, and the steak was like shoe leather, a strip of dry tough meat, cost over $16 not going back. I could of gotten the same meal at Denny's for less,
4_star I have been to the original Duck Donuts many, many times, so this was a fun addition to the neighborhood. The donuts are the same, or at least I think they are--though the ambiance is cutesy, it doesn't have the shack-esque charm of the home location, which mingles with ocean air to make fried dough slathered in liquid sugar taste better. Mostly, I'm happy to see a homemade donut shop in the area, and would love more. These actual donuts are good, but the toppings seem to have that funky glossy additive that makes them look pretty but stick to the roof of your mouth, which I hate. I stick to the cinnamon sugar and am a happy camper.
2_star We were there for breakfast. I had the waffles nothing to write home about. I make better waffles at home with Aunt Jemima mix. Husband order pancakes eggs sausages well over 9 dollars for that. He did not even finish his pancakes and thats normally his favorite. Enjoyed the interior.. but the food lack in taste and overprice. Took forever to get the food too. Perhaps since they are still new. Management will work out the problems. Overprice foods. Would not being going there again.
4_star Pretty darn good and you can tell there is a frequent regular crowd there, which is always a good sign. It's small, and has a nice Chicago theme, probably best for weekdays vs. crowded weekends.
5_star This is the best fish and chips place in Mississauga I've been to. I've only had their halibut and chips, and stick to it, though I'd eventually like to try some of their other fish (if I can get past the halibut!) I've only ever gotten take out here but it is served pretty quickly and properly for fish and chips, in a cardboard box. I can't stand places that use styrofoam as it makes the fish soggy. Thankfully, these guys do it old fashioned! Their fish is lightly battered and crisp. The fries as delicious and obviously fresh. I also believe they are double fried. The home made tartar sauce is good, though they usually give you the packets with your to-go bag, I would like their homemade stuff! It's much better!
3_star Decent brushetta, cheap wine, good happy hour. Only problem is the live music on weekends. This place has 2 rooms, the main room with the band and a back room. The bands here are WAY too loud, they are loud even if you are in the other room, and the only tables ever open are the ones near the band (hmm I wonder why). Came here as a couple with another couple to get wine and appetizers, all 4 in our group said, at the same time, "mrmrhg rmrhr mrhghrh hgd", but that was unintelligible because it was too loud so then we all shouted to each other, "TOO LOUD LETS GO". This place is already OK, but it would be GREAT if it had dimmer mood lighting and a jazz CD. Ditch the live bands.
4_star During my recent trip to Vegas, we made a point to stop at three restaurants including Bobby Flay's Mesa Grill. I had the New Mexican spice rubbed pork tenderloin and it was worth every penny. The flavor was outstanding and the pork tenderloin was tender. The sweet potato tamale with crush pecan butter was a perfect side for the tenderloin. The portion sizes were also good. I was satisfied and a little full when we left the restaurant. A couple of notes: 1) Reservations are NECESSARY at this restaurant. We made the mistake of showing up for dinner at 7:30pm on a Tuesday night, only to find out that we would have to wait until 10:30pm for a seat! So we had to make a reservation for the following night, which threw off our agenda a little. Just be sure to make your reservation at least a day ahead, and they will secure it with a credit card. 2) if you want to have dessert, you may want to skip the assorted bread basket that they bring out before your entree arrives. It's hard to resist, but you won't have room for dessert if you eat the breads. They are filling.
2_star I don't like giving poor reviews, but the quality of food for what they charge just isn't worth it. I understand it's Vegas, but...... We were looking for a late breakfast/early lunch on a Saturday before catching our flight home. Our normal spot, Hash House A Go Go, was absolutely packed and we didn't want to wait so we figure we'd try Chayo. The ambience was nice and host staff friendly. We were seated and ordered drinks. I ordered a margarita, friend ordered a mojito. My margarita was good, but her mojito was...well....yellow. I've never seen a yellow mojito before. She sent it back and when they brought her another one it looked (and tasted) like an actual mojito! I don't know what that first one was. That was about the only positive part - decent (although expensive) drinks. The food was less than mediocre. My friend ordered a simple caesar salad with dressing on the side. They brought her mayonaise. Yes, mayonaise. She asked for oil and vinegar instead, she was told they don't have oil and vinegar and brought her some citrus type stuff that again, was pretty much just mayo with lemon juice squeezed into it. I've worked in enough kitchens and made enough dressings from scratch to know that most of the creamy dressings are mayo based, but it's NOT ALL MAYO!!!!! Who wants to put mayo on their salads? The salad itself - ugh. The greens were very limp, not crisp. Chicken was dry. I ordered the tacos. Very underwhelming. They lacked flavor. Sorry, not a fan.
4_star This place is great, just kind of in a location where a place this nice shouldn't really be...but in a way it's nice so it's kinda secluded (even though it's on a main road if you blink you'll miss it, the sign is black and it's in a plaza with clothing stores). It's surprisingly very hipster inside and there are lots of food choices aside from sushi burritos and poke bowls, which is what people usually go here for. They also have macarons and other desserts in the cafe! Worth a visit :)
3_star An everyday comfort food that you cant ignore...I just wish this location was around in highschool!!! I get the terminator sub...and then dose the huge amount of fries that they give you with the balsamic vinegar that is on every table. The Rocknes salad is good but it is just iceberg lettuce so its really just a good tasting crunchy water but if you are in the mood for their dressing and pita bread, then its worth it! Oh, if you want a heart stopper..get the cheese fries...=)
3_star Was there today. The service was great and everyone was extremely nice. The sandwiches? They were ok. If I go back I will not order anything that is hot as they use a microwave to melt the cheese into nothingness. The meat was good as were the sauces. I was so excited to try something new in the northwest, but was let down again. I suggest getting a toaster to run the bread through for the hot sandwiches. Will try again....
3_star Honestly it should be a 2.5 didn't hate it didn't love it. We started out with the insalata which was very good the scampi was delicious and the breading on the calamari was fantastic, didn't care fir the fried ravioli. We both ordered the ribeye medium. Both were a little overcooked but good the mashed potatoes and the spinach were very good. We finished up with my favorite dessert, creme brûlée; this was not up to par. The custard wasn't set properly and the brûlée wasn't torched correctly what a letdown. As far as the service goes it was just so so. We asked for the tv by our table be changed to the ball game only to be told the remote has been lost for months and we asked for steak knives when our entrees were brought out and after 10 minutes or so I had to get up, find my server and ask again.
1_star My wife and her family went there for lunch. Found a bug crawling out of one of their salads! Never going back to this place and telling everyone I know to avoid it.
4_star Came on a recommendation from a friend. We had the chilli chicken dry, the chilli shrimp dry, the Manchurian mix fried rice and the chicken pakoras. My favourite dish was the Manchurian Mixed Fried Rice - it was just the right level of spice - it's definitely got some kick to it so if you aren't a big spicy food eater you might want to ask them to tone it down. Portion size was huge! We had enough for lunch and dinner the next day. Underwhelming was the chicken pakoras - they were not that great compared to others we have had from at other Hakka places. They were also quite pricy for what you were getting. They also came last which was a bit odd since usually they come as appetizers. We were halfway through our meal when they arrived and only had one each since our plates were full. I know people rave about the prices at this place but it was only reasonable - not a super great deal. Our go to Hakka place is about 20 dollars cheaper and it's good food too! I would still come again though
2_star Unfortunately, El Catrin was a big let down. I lived in Mexico City for five years and have high standards when it comes to Mexican food, especially from places that bill themselves as being authentic. I'll start with the good - the decor. This is one of the coolest looking restaurants I've been to in Toronto. The huge mural, the Huichol art (look it up), the light fixtures, everything was amazing. I also appreciated the high quality cutlery, cloth napkins, and nice plates. The menu reads well and sounds great but that's where it ended for us. We each ordered aguas to drink - sandia and horchata - which although they were a bit sweeter that we like them, were very good. My dining companion ordered the Torta Fresca which was tasteless and unfortunately had a tomato on it which was frozen solid. When we brought this to our server's attention she was unconcerned. I ordered the Torta La Catrin which was ok but there was one major problem with both tortas. The bread was wrong. You can get a proper torta on any street corner in Mexico City, always made with the same kind of bread - an oblong crusty roll. The bread used at El Catrin was borderline brioche and all wrong for a proper torta. I also mentioned this to our server who explained they use the bread they do because they go through so much of it. I'm sure they could go through just as much proper bread for a truly authentic torta experience. We also shared an order of the Tacos Baja (Halibut tacos on flour tortillas. They were just ok, nothing special. The tortillas seemed to have been made in house which is a nice touch. None of the three salsas on the table were spicy, nor were they particularly flavourful. As for the service, it was efficient yet impersonal. Our server didn't understand us when we pronounced the names of the dishes properly. Perhaps it was the background noise, we can give her the benefit of the doubt. I think there are enough Mexicans in Toronto to hire some Mexican servers and it could reasonably be construed as a bona fide occupational requirement. At $66 including tax and tip for a mediocre (at best) lunch for two, we won't be going back anytime soon. Maybe for a drink to enjoy the super cool space, but not to eat.
5_star Very clean place, food is delicious The taste is like a homemade Mexican food. The server are really friendly. I recommend this place.
1_star The food is poor. The seasonings in the sauce do not taste anything like what I grew up with in my Italian home! The bread was stale and the meat sauce was sour. I feel I have given this restaurant a fair chance. My husband and I have eaten there three times. MT
3_star We thought this was a sushi buffet too. Pleasantly surprised that it was a full buffet. Obviously it was Asian. We went for Sunday lunch. The restaurant was modern and clean. Overall very nice food selection from salads, to soups, to North American, to grilled food, to sushi and finally to all things Asian. Even saw some kimchi. My only complaint was that the sushi selection was modest considering the name of the restaurant. I prefer this buffet over Mandarin or other chains as it is family friendly. Pricing for kids and kids under 4 was nice to see.
1_star What a bizarre evening at this establishment, the kale salad was delish but it went down hill after that, wrong taco served then taken away, new right taco served, it was shrimp and 1 of 3 shrimp still had its tail hmmm tasted crunchy. Then the waiter says we would like to give you desserts and one slice of pie is brought to a table of 8 and I was charged for the shrimp tail taco, shame on you Tarbell's, the pie was ok.
5_star I've been to the one in Gilbert a few times but checked out the in Scottsdale for the first time today. The service was outstanding. I saw the manager touch every table in the restaurant - and the place was full. I go out all the time and you never see that. Food was great, drinks came out properly and everyone was friendly despite being completely full. I love thirsty lion and I think this Scottsdale location might be the best
2_star No Longer a Pho Restaurant anymore even though they kept the name. Doh! Went there after about 6 months and was very disappointed that the restaurant is now under new owners or possibly their Pho chef left. Bottom line, PHO IS OFF THE MENU!! The menu is now Hong Kong style breakfast, rice, noodle, with some other dishes and was rather disappointed too that the food is only so-so in flavour. Price was reasonable compared to other places but not to Congee Queen standards. If they kept the Pho AND added the new menu that would have been better. Message to the Chef. Learn to MAKE Pho! Sorry not going back again
1_star Embarrassing disappointment! Hosted 4 friends from out of town, who expressed desire for good Italian food. Checked Yelp reviews; even asked couple of different friends who lived in Oakville, who gave thumbs up. They were all wrong. Supposed Pernod sauce on Bass special was thick and bland, linguine was mushy and veal spezzatino was fatty. There was some spice included that left poor aftertaste. My guests would certainly not have insulted me by complaining, and I was not going to make a scene in front of them, but I was very embarrassed, as I had selected your place. Owner/manager was very friendly and kind, and service was efficient and friendly, but not polished. I actually emailed an apology to my friends next day, saying I would not go back to this restaurant. They agreed with me! I had originally chosen Julia or Ritorno; should have gone with those choices. Gave one star because "no stars' not offered as an option.
1_star Bottom line: Don't go this place, you will regret it. There are many good, at least better, restaurants around, with the same or even lower price range. If someone tells you the food here is good, that person is either lying or s/he really needs to explore Toronto more. But the worst thing there is the service. One of us ordered a sushi roll dinner set. She waited until the rest of us have finished ours. Then asked a waitress when her order will be brought. We waited for another 5 - 10 minutes and asked another waitress the same thing. After 3 times we were irritated and just asked for the bill. (Yes, we placed our order at the same time, there is no misunderstanding or anything) Guess what? The sushi roll came! Then it was the final surprise Yutaka prepared for us: we asked to split the bill and the waitress there literally divided the total by 4. And we all ordered different things with different price So, respect yourself, don't be fooled by the declaration like we did.
5_star Great food and great beer! Had the pepper bacon cheesebuger the last time I was there and it was absolutely delicious.
5_star Had the Chimi, Tacos and Bugogi fries. Had no ides what to expect of the fusion taste. Simply put, I was blown away. Definitely on our return to list of places!
5_star My girlfriend and I love Chinese food specially lunch specials. Cafe Noodle does have the best lunch specials. Price is cheap and food is delicious but like any other Chinese restaurant, customer service is a little off.
5_star Best Steak house, went there for Father's day dinner, all of the food from appetizers and salads, to main course and side dishes were all amazing. The service was superb, our waiter went out of his way to make sure everything was perfect . Also, the bar makes you any drink that you want! Highly recommend this place!
3_star The ambiance in this hookah bar is great, there are a couple private rooms, and there's a great outdoor seating area, which is where we chose to sit. The planes going in and out of LAS can be a bit noisy, but its not too terrible. The food and drinks were all amazing. Lots of Greek and Israeli fare. Fresh squeezed juice really elevates the cocktails ($12/each, but worth the price). Unfortunately, I can only give this bar 3 stars because the service. At least to the outside patio, the service was practically non-existent despite the establishment having less than 10 patrons the entire time. We waited 20-30 minutes for someone to check on our drinks (we were ready for a second round), but we had to get up ourselves and go inside to order them. We ordered the hummus(amazing), which after not coming out after 30 minutes, we again went inside to ask about and the order had not made it to the kitchen, again despite the low volume of business. The exception to this rule was the "coal fairy" or whatever you call the guy going around refreshing the coals. He had excellent timing, showing up consistently when we needed new coals. Overall, this bar is worth checking out and is only a 30 minute well-lit walk from Bally's. Maybe pick a seat inside, though, so you can call a waitress over when you need one
3_star Made a reservation for 6:00 expecting it to be busy on Saturday, arrived at 5:30 and was seated promptly. The salad bar area is very nice, dinner was going very well until one of the gentleman slicing flank steak decided we needed an English lesson on the difference of can I and may I - it didn't seem to matter to the server he said please either. Experience ruined.. At $175.00 not including tip, we won't be back.
2_star Don't ask Carol to help with anything but complain to you in front of your face. Awful customer service.
5_star Great food! I had the Rueben and it was so yummy! Very cute inside. I went on a Saturday in midafternoon and there was live music. I will definitely be back again!
4_star Obviously this place is so yummy! I wanted to give some recognition to one of the employees, Pablo. We were there on 9/12/15 and he went above and beyond to help us out. He got us extra sauce, picked up our food for us, and overall helped us have a great experience!
3_star The atmosphere at Otaku was wonderful! This was my first time coming here and all of the staff was extremely friendly and welcoming. As soon as I walked in I noticed how amazing decorations are and got the feeling that it was a more upscale restaurant. The whole place was very lively and fun, definitely not stuffy. This was only my first time eating sushi, or even any type or seafood, so I wasn't really sure what to order. The menu was huge and had so many choices things to order so I decided to ask what the waitress recommended. The waitress was very friendly and after asking what kinds of foods I liked she recommended I get the spicy tuna roll with rice paper instead of seaweed. The presentation of the sushi was quite nice. However, I was not a fan of how the sushi actually tasted. This being my first time trying sushi, I was not impressed. It could have been that I just don't like the taste of sushi because the other people I was with seemed to enjoy their meal. The food was definitely a little pricy, but the atmosphere and friendly wait staff was spectacular. I had a wonderful experience for my first time at Otaku and would recommend it to anyone who enjoys sushi.
4_star The overall feel of the reviews here are pretty on point. The reason to go is for the beer selection, the best time to go is for happy hour, it seems a bit too pricey for my taste otherwise. The food is overall pretty average, the appetisers seem better to me than any of the entrees that I have tried. My best suggestion is to ignore any of the things that it is trying to be, it is not a particularly great restaurant but it is an awesome bar for the beer lover, and the appetisers are definitely adequate for an accompaniment to the beer.
4_star Elote and chips w/ salsa and guac (hot) to start. Solid starters. Tacos were alright (cold nopalito tacos were great). The pan seared cod and mussels were alright. Margaritas were great. Service was great and restaurant atmosphere was nice. Would visit again for drinks and apps.
2_star Overpriced ridiculousness. After dropping $250, I was gnawing on the bone I was so hungry. If you are looking for exorbitant pretentiousness, this is your place
1_star I walked in and the place was empty and looks kind of run down. I found out why it was empty after I ordered. $16 for a medium 3 topping flimsy dough? Paid for extra cheese and didn't get it. I think they even put light cheese on it. $16? For one mediun pizza? One pizza? For $16? Is there gold flake in the cheese? Lol, one and done for me. Never again. Side note, employees at the counter were nice. But $16? Goodness.
4_star This is a great place to cater office lunch from. The food is delicious, fresh and healthy!
5_star My partner and I were staying at the Wigwam and wanted something close to the resort. The Old Pueblo Cafe was a brief five minute walk right across the street. When we arrived we noticed a "closed" sign in the window an hour before the advertised time. After some initial confusion, an employee spotted us and explained that they were still serving food next door. We sat at an outside open bar, still unsure if we were in the right area. After a moment, the wall opened to reveal a "secret passage" rotating wall-door, and the bartender emerged. No joke! She was friendly and brought us full menus and offered us drinks. The House Margarita and Long Island we ordered were decent but priced pretty well. The food came out within minutes and was hot, tasty and in large proportions. The Fish Tacos I had were fresh and delicious! Highly recommended. If you're looking for a great place to stop and eat while at the resort, you need to check this place out.
5_star The guy was really nice. He introduced us to cheese and honey. He used the same pitcher that my mom got me for some special day. In this way - we connected. Bless this man and his Greek yoghurt, which is YOG - HURT.
3_star I usually get comp rooms at the Venetian/Palazzo so I typically gamble long hours at these 2 places. I have eaten at Noodles Asia a few times due to it being a chinese restaurant and also getting comped food from the pit boss. First time I asked for a comp for 2, pit boss told me that I had $86 to blow at Noodles Asia. I was floored! I never eaten here before and was wondering how 2 people can spend $86 in a chinese restaurant, when we did not plan on ordering Shark's Fin, Abalone, Bird's Nest, Buddha Jumps Over the Wall, Sea Cucumber, you know the drill. But Yes We Can, at Noodles Asia apparently. The food isn't great, heck, I would go to Ping Pang Pong over at Gold Coast over this place anyday. But I absolutely adore the fact that they have Chicken Mushroom Ginger Soup. Oh this is the reason why I go there. The rest are just for formality. Dim dum mediocre, Fried Rice Oily, Noodles not asian enough. In fact, last Saturday, I got drunk playing Baccarat at MGM HL room and got back to the Venetian and decided to have one bowl of soup. Sure it costs $10.95, sure it's still not that good, but it is to me the best item on this menu, and that is good enough reason for me to keep coming back. For better dim sum and chinese food in general, head over to Bellagio's Noodles if you want a casino setting, or Ping Pang Pong at Gold Coast. Otherwise head over to Chinatown
5_star This place provides far more than a meal! It was a great experience with an awesome environment. Also a good place to catch the big game on one of the many tvs. Two thumbs up...
5_star This is one of the best restaurants in town for an informal - but high quality meal. I prefer dinner to lunch though.
1_star First & the last time I will come to this place!!! Never in my life that I got refuse as a customer to eat in a restaurant because "they don't have anyone to cook the food". Unfortunately, the cook was on break and no one can cook our food! Seriously???!!! Maybe next time they will ask you to get the food in the kitchen because they don'thave a server!!! Too bad i have to put at least 1 star! I would rather give this place a 0 star!!!!
2_star This is used to be our favorite go-to pizza spot. I always ordered a pepperoni pizza and the side salad. Man, have I been disappointed lately. It seems like each visit brought a decline in food quality. For example, at one point the salad dressing was the best italian dressing I'd ever had. It tasted home made. Now it tastes like store-brand dressing. Cheap. The last few pizzas we ordered were soggy and one had almost no cheese. I miss the Rosati's from the days of yore. We will not be returning. For a great deep dish Chicago-style pizza we'll be eating at Chicago's up the road.
1_star Subpar at best. I had breakfast here and the toast was bread thrown on the plate and they forgot the sausage with the eggs. When I told someone about it - it was not corrected at it all seemed like a hassle. A lot of people running around and the total time from sitting down through eating was over 40 minutes for eggs, sausage and toast. At least I got the eggs and watered down oj .... $16 later.
5_star This is an amazing place!!!! As far as bistro's go this place tops any one that I have been to in Phoenix. Everything they serve is absolutely amazing. The cuban pork is my favorite, you can add it to a salad which I think is best, get it by itself or even get it in a sandwich!! The salad bar has like 40 different things to choose from in your salad which is always a big plus to have. I would reccomend this place to just about anyone, as long as you are in the mood for a delicious sandwich, pizza or an awesome salad!
5_star i love the pizza i come here all the time $7.99 pick up special pepp pizza ..... hellllllloooooo kittyyyyyyyyy
4_star I LOVE Gusto, I go fairly regularly with my girlfriends...Thursday nights sometimes the line sucks but the kale salad and the mushroom pasta are worth it!!! Also dollar an ounce wine obviously helps! I tell everyone I know to go here!! This is the first night I have had an experience that really made me think I wouldn't come back/recommend (and more realistically I'll probably come back, but just be jaded...as the pasta is that good) Worst off it had nothing to do with the food! 6 friends and myself went for a dinner and when the bill came we opted to split it as some of us had a few drinks and appetizers while a couple didnt at all so we figured it wouldnt be fair to just split the bill...so I did the math thinking it was better than asking the server to (though considering I used to be a server for 9 years I know how easy it is to split bills....but I don't what system they use...anyways I digress) so I split the bills with a generous tip and we walk out....and the server runs out after us!! which is obviously kind of embarassing for a couple of reasons I realize this is so server specific, but she tells us we didnt pay our bill fully...so I went back in (redoing the math in my head the entire time) and stood there while she searched the trash for a receipt (so embarassing when you are surrounded by people) and she finds a bill that she "misplaced"...then she says she thinks its ok.....so I asked her to add it up and stood there... I didnt walk back into a restaurant to be embarassed for no reason on the chance "its fine" so I waited until she tallied it only to realize we gave her over 20% (good considering she wasnt special at all, or even very attentive....did I mention I am also an accountant- you can't doubt my numbers) and was like oh you are right...didnt even expressly apologize or anything it was just such a bad taste to leave a restaurant in when you have only had great experiences....all in all I would recommend, but service is not guaranteed (mushroom pasta is always a guarantee...just be warned)
3_star Ordered lunch take-out yesterday with 3 other co-workers. We weren't much for variety, one of us has pad thai, and three of us had spicy noodles and chicken, all came with two spring rolls each. Pros: -Spring rolls are great, crispy and hot. -Spicy noodles were moderately spicy, but not overwhelming. The dish came with red pepper and green beans. -Pad thai looked okay, not too red which typically means they've loaded up on ketchup. -The food was ready fast (10 mins). -The portion was big for lunchtime! Cons: -Please, dear lord, UPDATE YOUR WEBSITE! The hours of operation are incorrect (we called at 11, when the site said lunch starts and phone just rang and rang), the format for the lunch specials is really difficult to take in, and it just needs an overall revamp.
2_star The best thing about our meal there as our server, who was very good at his job! But the place is dirty. Every table had a thick built up grease covering, so thick people had scratched their initials in the grease! A good scrubbing is in order, to say the least. Food was okay, but not great. Will pass in the future.
4_star I came here for dinner shortly after the location opened. I ordered the chicken and waffles and my husband ordered one of the massive burgers! Both were delicious and I have never seen portions so large. Will definitely be coming back to try the breakfast soon.
1_star My husband worked there a few years ago. He witnessed several health code violations. And the staff is not especially fair nor friendly to co-workers who 'no habla espanol'. Good riddence!
3_star Dear Surya - You are a great Indian establishment you have amazing tasting food and I enjoy almost every item on your menu. However I have stopped enjoying your succulent meals because of the not so "fresh" veg ingredients - We all know what canned mushrooms and frozen peas,corn, and carrots look and taste like and that's not what i spend my hard earned money on. I truly hope you step up your ingredients, than you will be 5 stars in my book.
1_star Place is terrible. Pho $13 for a 1star dish. I'M WARNING YOU. STAY AWAY!!!
3_star If you wanna stuff your face with meat this is the place to go. I've been here twice for lunch and I don't think I've had a more filling $10 sit down lunch anywhere else. The side dishes are good as well. The service could be a little bit better but I wouldn't classify it as being horrible.
4_star This place was one of those once in a lifetime got to spend and eat your heart out on a buffet type experiences. No line or reservation needed on a Saturday night which was awesome and totally not expected but this was not a busy time of year, price of entry steep but that comes with the territory. Started off with the seafood section, tons of clams, raw shrimp and oysters. Oysters were a bit tired looking but they soon refilled with some winners. The crab legs were abundant and some serious meat on them, not your generic buffet legs, very happy so far. The lull occurred while checking out the meats section, the whole pig was a bit dry and the prime rib a little over done but thats OK. The asian section was full of some interesting dishes, some dim sum, congee and fried rice all good stuff. Next highlight was the staff, our server was like a ninja, the second a plate was done it disappeared within seconds, truly high end, something other places should learn from. Last course of dessert, although not my fav but that my preference, if you have a sweet tooth the dessert section was massive and beautifully presented. The table next to us kept getting more of the small bites, taking pictures and devouring plate after plate. I enjoyed the egg custard and some flan but there are easily over 100 options on the dessert bar including a crepe station. Parents watch your kids here they will go into a sugar coma instantly. All in all a world class buffet, only wish is that there was lobster available, it was in the case upon arrival but nowhere to be found inside.
1_star I would honestly not give this place even one star if were not for the waitress. She was friendly and professional. Beyond that the food was absolutely terrible. The ribs tasted boiled rather than smoked. You can tell when the meat comes off the bones the way they did. They were fatty and big, and were suppose to be baby back ribs. The cole slaw tasted as if it had come directly from the bag it had hardly any dressing on it. And forget the baked beans. If you like pork and beans with onion and sugar stirred in and warmed up then this is your place. I hate to write this kind of review on any restaurant. But it is what it is. I did not go in by my self all the people in my party felt the same way. And it's really too bad, because the atmosphere is great
3_star A decent burger place. I wouldn't go out of my way to find this place, but we were at the Venetian and we were starving. My burger was pretty good. Tater tots were OK. Waitress seemed bored to death. Go to Le Burger Brassierre between Paris & Bally's instead.
4_star Great food and great service. The chicken enchiladas suiza was delicious!
3_star Food was good. Liked the stacked Nachos. Baja combo was also good. Overall it was okay for the cost.
5_star The food served here is awesome, one of the best Hakka Chinese restaurant in Toronto. friendly service, food portions are huge and price are reasonable. I will surely recommend everyone to have a try at this beautiful and clean restaurant . All the dishes are good, Chilli Chicken and chicken pakora are the must try items in this restaurant. .
2_star First, The food here is very good. Where I work we order from Lava Grill 2-3 times a week. But, Went in on Saturday with the family, Finally talked the wife into going in. We placed our orders (They were out of the BBQ Pork. Bummer). When we got the orders the portions were smaller then we normally get at work. I was sitting in the front while eating and observed that the family behind got the portion size I was used too getting when ordering from work. The Cashier/Cook (Tall Bald Guy) was kind of squirrely/hesitant/standoffish the whole time we were there. The eating area could have used a little cleaning but I have seen worse. Just didn't have a comfortable experience while there. Wife and kids had to stop someplace else to grab some more food due to the small portions Lava Grill provided. Highly unlikely I'll be able to get the family to go back there again.
5_star This place has ruined all other burgers for me. The Rossini has set a standard that no other burger can even come close to reaching. My husband and I make sure to stop here every time we are in town and have yet to be dissapointed.
5_star Order Ahi Tuna burger, cooked to perfection, switch coleslaw instead of fry, no problem w// staff, everything was excellent, service was great, had fry during last visit those were excellent as well
3_star Used to be nicer it's good now too but they lost the touch..... But it is is always open when you gooo
3_star Went on a Friday night. First thing that caught my eye was a huge sign requesting customers pay in cash instead of card. Made me a little self conscious since I had a card... busy night and short staffed, makes for a not too good experience but overall it was just ok. Food was good, their was zero customer service. We ordered a boba drink which they didn't get to make because of the staff, there was none. Never was asked to refill my soda. We will try again just because of the convince of the location. But if the service is poor again we will not return.
3_star Mon Ami Gabi sits right on the strip and you can either sit outside and people watch or inside and stay cool. I highly recommend the people watching section. I specifically came here for Saturday brunch to get the corned beef hash. I had really high hopes for it, but it just didn't do anything for me. They had huge chunks of dry and chewy corned beef barely mixed in with potatoes. The poached eggs were perfect, and the hash browns were crisp just the way I like it. I would still recommend this place because it sits right across the Bellagio Fountains and you get a great show. www.anitaeat.com
3_star I had the three cheese omelet (with ham for extra $$) with hash browns and a homemade biscuit. The omelet was okay but I wish they would have put the cheese into the omelet instead of putting sliced cheese on top of it. The hash browns were also okay as well. The biscuit was as dry as a bone. Over all it was an average meal for $12
4_star I've only been here once and must say the food is delicious! They were also very accommodating when I asked for no mushrooms in any of my order due to a mild allergy. I will be back for more.
5_star We order from here ALL the time. The food is great and cheap! I've probably tried close to everything on the menu and have not yet been disappointed.
3_star Simply OK. Pondering about something I eat I saw this place delivered - and never tried it before so figured I'd give it a shot. Got a side of Mac and cheese and the Jimbo sandwich (brisket, horseradish, etc) Delivery time was really quick, which is why I was surprised the Mac and cheese was so damn cold when I got it. I suspect they make a batch, keep it refrigerated and microwave as needed - or they have some other premade product they keep refrigerated I'm not sure. Either way it wasn't microwaved enough because it was room temperature or below when I got it. After heating it up myself it was still "meh" slight tobasco like spice but otherwise rather flavorless. It also wasn't really macaroni and cheese - more like penne/rigatoni and cheese (big noodles) The Jimbo sandwich was good, everything was good on that and pretty tasty. I know this is a quick grab-n-go ice cream/sandwich type of place - "average" just don't get the Mac and cheese.
5_star We were at the Cleveland clinic and just took a chance to come here for lunch and it was great! The guy who was working was really nice. We got the lamb and the chicken pita sandwiches and they were really good! And I mentioned that I had never tried falafel and he gave me and my mom a sample for free without me even asking or anything! So nice. I don't live in Cleveland but if I'm around there again I would go back!
4_star Really like the food and it is close to home. The bad part is how the servers rush you thru your meal. I have had them try to take plates that we were not finished with and bring the check before we could order another drink - and not a free refill. I wonder how much $$ they lose by rushing their customers out the door.... A little hospitality training would go a long way.
5_star Great family spot or place to watch a game. Service is always efficient and friendly. Food is outstanding everything seems to be made from scratch. In house smoked chicken or pulled pork street tacos are a must try. My other favorites are California chicken sandwich, blackened tuna Cobb salad and chicken ranch pizza. House brewed beers are very good. The blueberry beer is excellent and a good rotation of ipa's.
3_star Food was just OK. Drinks at the Bar were mediocre...bartender made a terrible Vodka Gimlet, not sure how you can mess up such a simple drink. Service was excellent. Considering the prices I would find a different restaurant.
3_star Bottom Line: It's a good Asian version of Chipotle, but over priced probably due to the "Economy's of Scale" that Chipotle commands. It's very fair to compare the Chicken Bowls of both. It's just different sauces and toppings that make the difference. But Chipotle just increase their price to $6.50 vs. Foosia's $8.50. That's $2. Remember Chipotle uses Free-Rooming Chicken, they don't skimp. I'm unsure of Foosia "fresh" meaning. I eat at Chipotle close to 3 times a week. I'd easily switch to Foosia as I enjoy Asian inspired more then Mexican inspired. But 3 times at Foosia is more like 4 times at Chipotle. For that reason, I don't think they will catch on. For those quoting, $10 as not to much for quality. Compare it to Chop Shop's $10. And tell me this is the same. Chop Shop's lines are out the door at 2 locations. So you can do better at this price point. Foosia, I hope you rethink your pricing. It's the only thing keeping you from long term success.
4_star Was bored, so I came in here to grab a few beers and watch the Dbacks game. Never been here before so thought I'd give it try. Its a Boston themed sports bar, but I was really impressed with the bartender(Boston) calling me by my name the whole night, as well as everybody else. Great customer service and good prices during happy hour. Definitely coming back.
1_star I was just there for Sunday brunch. Restaurant food is average but service level is terrible. Restaurant staff from the Host, servers and kitchen are not working as a team. Hostess is not trained for the job. She just pointed to the table available for us to sit. It was not even busy at 2:30pm! Server was slow at coming with basic water and did not even ask us if we wanted to order drinks. Later, when we ordered coffee it took him 15 minutes to come with it. There were available pots in the kitchen - I saw it. The buffet plates were wet. Food stations were not kept clean. The restaurant had a good concept of serving fresh, healthy food. I've been a regular here for 3 yrs. Unfortunately, it has lost it's vision. I will never go back.
5_star Growing up when i was left at home with my dad he would always take me to the capriottis sandwich shop. My favorite sandwich to get was the tuna sandwich with lettuce tomatoes and onions with light mayo and pepper no cheese. This cappriottis brings back these memories and the service never ceases to amaze me. the staff is quick and friendly. the cashier saw that everyone was doing well and was given the personal treatment he or she deserved. How else do i describe such a wonderful atmosphere. It gets better for me because it is an easy walk from my school when i finish.
4_star Had our Valentine dinner there after recalling a friend of mine who had recommended the restaurant as his go to romantic dinner spot. Service was prompt given that it was a busy night for couples and a number of families who were in there dining. It was clear from the constant stream of people coming in that this is a popular spot for those in the know. The food was quite tasty - my boyfriend started with the lobster bisque which had a nice velvety texture with that delicious sweetness of the ocean. I had a mixed salad with house made Italian vinaigrette which was fresh and crisp. We both had a seafood pasta dish studded with shrimp and mussels and a very generous serving of vegetables all presented on a sizzling platter. It was nicely seasoned and for the price, a very generous size. The evening was topped off by the strawberry pepe a decadent dessert of strawberries marinated in Grand Marnier with big drizzle of caramel alongside two luscious scoops of vanilla ice cream and a dash of black pepper - perfect for sharing. All in all, it was a very enjoyable dining experience made all the more worthwhile by our server Bob and his "chinese granddaughter." We will definitely be back and may bring a few friends along.
5_star This place is always great! The attendants are very friendly and the food is always good! Soups are amazing ! Plus you get free ice cream! Love eating there!
5_star Love this kind of pizza I forget how good it is until I remember when I have that first slice again. The crust is very NYC and adding the special touch of baking it in a coal burning oven really adds to the flavor. I like my pizza topping simple pepperoni and sausage and they use very special pepperoni not the cheap kind and the mozzarella they use is very creamy not stringy. If you like a lot of stuff on your pie this may not be your kind of pizza but if you like great NYC style pizza without the grease then give this place a try
2_star I went there for lunch on a Tuesday and it wasn't crowded as it was taco Tuesday. Surprised! We had a coupon and glad I did. The combination plates are large in portions but the food was tasteless. The chips were the best part. My chicken tamale was dry and tasteless and the rice wasn't good. Will not go back. Pretty restaurant- 5 stars for atmosphere.
4_star Visit #1 Charcuterie Platter ($16 small/$25 large) & Thuet Bread ($2 small/$4 large )This is a wonderful introduction for those who have never tried charcuterie. Basically, charcuterie is a series of meaty products (cured, whipped & other preparation techniques) served on a wooden platter. All offered with a pile of full-seeded mustard, a dish of teeny-tiny pickled vegetables, and we ordered Thuet Bread on the side. The Thuet bread was soft & fresh - a great accompaniment. The star was the foie gras mousse - whipped to perfection, it just melts in your mouth. Roasted Bone Marrow ($9) Hollowed with a little spoon & sprinkled with a bit of coarse salt on top of warm, smoky bread, this was tasty and good for the immune system. I reminded myself of the health benefits as I savoured each bit of fatty, rich, comforting flavour. Tongue in Brioche ($13) The sandwich was a ridiculously generous portion of thinly sliced beef tongue between two plump slices of fragrant brioche, all held together with a skewered cornichons. A healthy (hah!) dose of mustard and tarragon mayo drizzled all over made my heart skip - whether it was in fear or excitement, I'm still not sure. Incredibly soft and tender, prior to this delight I didn't know that tongue could be this delectable. While I prefer the buttery & decadent Tongue Grilled Cheese at Hoof Cafe, I would never turn down this sandwich. Raw Horse Sammy w/ Hot Sauce ($22) Fresh bread topped with horse tartar with a raw egg yolk & shallots on one slice, and a liberal helping of hot sauce on the other. The "HORSE" spelled out in sauce was a fun touch. I couldn't believe how tasty the raw horse meat was - I tried it with and without the hot sauce & bread to get a sense of the true flavour. Visit #2 Crispy Pig Ear Salad Strips of breaded & deep-fried pig ears over radishes, carrots, edible flowers with a lime buttermilk dressing I liked the pig ears, but I found the dressing too buttery and generous on the salad. As someone who prefers light, acidic dressing (or none at all with the right greens!) it was unappetizing. However, I was at the Black Hoof so this was to be expected. The pig ears were crispy as advertised, and full of fatty-flavour with each bite. A dining companion claims that Buca does a better version... Fluke Crudo Fluke along with charred fava beans, avocado cream, sliced chili, pancetta, herbs & cilantro dressing. I really liked the avocado cream and fava beans. A little heavy on the dressing (but again, it's Hoof!) but the combination of the sliced chili & cilantro was delightful with the fish. Love the plating :) N'Duja & Corn Tagliatelle House tagliatelle noodles with charred corn, charred cherry tomatoes, and the n'duja which is a spicy calabrese salami melted into the pan. Garnished with a green onion salad on top. Mmm. I realy enjoyed this - house pasta was al dente and the creamy sauce blended very well with the charred corn and tomatoes. I still have trouble pronouncing it, but the n'duja was quite tasty with a bit of heat and I would happily order this dish again. Creamy, spicy, & corny goodness. I love sweet corn! Pork Belly, Squid,& Melon Baby squid, Berkshire pork belly & chunks of melon in a watermelon glaze with turmeric, cumin. Flaxseed, Vietnamese cilantro, mint, & basil also riddle this succulent dish. While the pork belly and the squid were both well done and delicious, the pairing did not do much for each other. They were enjoyed separately with the watermelon glaze. I must have gotten a good chunk of watermelon, as a dining partner-in-crime said she didn't taste the melon but I certainly did. As usual, the pork belly made me pause to fully enjoy the flavour. So decadent and perfectly pan-cooked. Calf's Brain Ravioli House ravioli in sage, brown sugar, & butter sauce with Parmesan shavings So...It was an oily mess, and I was very glum as a result. From the poor presentation, meagre calf brain filling, blah pasta, and too-sharp cheese I reluctantly ate all 5 raviolis wondering why I was even bothering with each bite. It was cooked al dente, just like the tasty tagliatelle, but I don't think that that is the best way to cook ravioli. Sigh. A fellow diner sampled a bit of my dish and agreed that it was simply not good. Darn it. But that's 1 bad dish out of so many amazing ones...so all is forgiven =) Pics: http://cookiesandtomatoes.blogspot.com/2010/08/black-hoof-charcuterie-dinner-love.html Pics: http://cookiesandtomatoes.blogspot.com/2010/09/black-hoof-charcuterie-dinner-love.html
