4_star GREAT atmosphere! You will fall in love with this place before ordering any food! The service is amazing as well! (Except in the end, we have to ask three different servers to get the bill) The three of us ordered appetizer, salad, seafood pasta and pizza. To be honest, I had better pizza and pasta in other Italian restaurants, but the calamari appetizer is pretty great!
1_star Awful Cake made in unhealthy way. I bought for my Son's b'day and wanted to take it to the playground to share with other kids. The cake has serious problems with the way how it was made. It doesn't taste like a cake and was like you are eating sugar syrup. Returned it in 15 mins after taking it home. She took my number and told the manager will call me. She never called back. I called her back again and left a VM for them and they returned the call after a month and asked me to order something new. I told her about my previous experience and she said she will ask the manager to call back. She finally called and said they were sorry but couldn't issue a refund since they didn't find any problems. Well, I wasn't looking for the refund but I would have been happy if they could just respectfully acknowledge the problem. These people have attitude, they are not getting by business back ever.
1_star Wasn't very happy at all, the guy didn't seem whatever about his job and the freezes we ordered were already melted and runny and didn't taste great at all. Will not come back and Will make sure my friends don't either
4_star A great neighborhood hangout. Open all the time. Great coffee and tea. The atmosphere is the best especially the outdoor patio on nice days. Great location at the corner of Bartlett and Murray. Staff is very friendly.
5_star Had an amazing meal again at FIX. Started off with the lobster tacos then the Seabass. I keep trying to try other things on the menu but I keep ordering the same. Can't wait to go back.
4_star I have passed this place a few times and the great smells had snatched me by the nose and smackec my tasted buds for me to turn around. So finally with sometime on my hands me and my wife stopped in. The menu was full of things I wanted to try all at once but I finally went with the Souvlaki Platter and my wife ordered the Baked Ziti, the prices were very reasonable and I was greatly impressed for how small the resturant is. My greek salad was fresh even for it being late at night and my marinated pork was so delicious that my tongue smacked my brains for not stopping before. My wife's ziti was obviously good cause she was giving it praises like no other lol, no to mention the portions were very hefty. The experience wouldnt have been excellent if it wouldn't have been for the ever forgetful waitress. Highly recommonded.
4_star This place is great for breakfast. The food always comes quick and the staff is always friendly.
3_star We went to the buffet two nights in a row and there was no consistency between the two nights! One was a Saturday dinner and the other was a Sunday dinner! There were a lot of dishes they made Saturday that they didn't make on Sunday. Salad bar wasn't very extensive, lots of stuff was stale. Best part was the desserts and the carving station with the prime rib and pork roast! Both were delicious!! All in all lots of quantity and variety, lower quality! Still was good but I would make sure you go when it's busy so the food is constantly being changed out and not sitting! Price was okay! $33 per person. Kids 4 and under are free!
2_star First of all when you go thru the drive-thru they dont greet you at all. There food is also very greasy. And when your done ordering they never tell the total. How are we supposed to know how much the total is if they dont tell us.
4_star From the outside you would never guess that the place was actually a nice restaurant on the inside. We were expecting something like a to-go counter with a couple noodle dishes, but this place has an extensive menu of authentic dishes. A couple fusion entrees as well, such as the eggplant stir fry which is more of a Cantonese style than Thai. We had the eggplant dish and the green papaya salad ("Som Tam"). You could tell from the quality of the food that it was cooked fresh by someone who really knows what they are doing. You can order mild, medium, or spicy, I got medium which wasn't too hot, but much hotter would have been overpowering. I normally put hot sauce on everything, but not to the level that Thai people do. Service was great, but then again we were there on a Monday night and no one else was in the place. Although the inside is well decorated, we showed up in shorts and got no hints that we were under-dressed.
2_star -Cash only -With 4 people making sandwiches, service was still SLOW -Lee's combination sandwich was mediocre. Just like a previous reviewer stated, I also found the taste to be off and it made me feel sick after eating half -Do not get the thai tea here, VERY sweet and has a weird after taste I prefer Mr. Sandwich still
3_star I was not impressed. My carne asada was not good at all. The meat was fatty and tough and I could barely cut through it. I actually only had a few bites. The chips and salsa were good, service was fine, but I just wasn't impressed with the entree
2_star I am a realtor and had a showing a few blocks from Oscars. So afterwards I did a Yelp search and thought to myself, "Hey...this could be good." It had low dollar signs and 4 and a half stars so I figured it had to be a winner. I was wrong. Now I'll be honest. I probably didnt order the right thing....although the guy taking my order acted like what I was ordering was off the charts. It wasnt close. I wanted something that wasnt fried so my selections were limited and they were all really expensive for a fast food "Order at a counter" kinda place. I had the trout. It came with a strange macaroni salad which I wouldn't touch if my life depended on it, but I am strange that way. No other options were offered and I walked out $14 poorer and hungrier than when I arrived. I would guess that the combo platters would have been more satisfying or even just the straight up fried cod with fries. But I wasnt looking to feel like a walking grease pit on my way home so I wanted to stick with something fairly healthy. Once again...with the reviews the way that they were I figured I'd give this place a shot even when I saw the menu. I mean it seemed like it had to be awesome. But what I ordered really left me unsatisfied. I figured I'd at least head over to the yogurt place at the other end of the strip mall for dessert. Darned if it wasn't out of business! I think it just "Wasn't my night..." Oh well! So like I said...the two reasons I went there were a "fail" I thought it was gonna be inexpensive and awesome. Instead it was pricey and "blah". I guess a fast food fish place in the desert is sort of a novelty anyway. But it sure isnt worth going to again.
1_star This place is really great if you've never eaten at an authentic taqueria. I should have walked out when the unenthused, high-school aged employee didn't know what pastor was and stated they didn't have any. Unfortunately for me, I referred him to the list of meats on the menu. The meat was pretty bland and not even texturally like you'd find in an authentic taqueria. The second sign that I should have just walked out was the price, $6.50 for two tacos. Taqueria tacos are supposed to be simple and cheap, $1.00-$2.50 /taco. The third sign was when the employee asked what kind of rice I wanted on my tacos.Taqueria tacos are traditionally served with only meat, onions, cilantro, and salsa. Despite these warnings, I went through with my purchase, and now I'm writing this review. So to make a long story short, if you want authentic taqueria style tacos, you'll have to look elsewhere. However, if you like subpar customer service with food to match, give this place a shot.
2_star I was in Vegas several days to see shows, visit friends, and casino hop. I had heard about this "show" or shall I say "experience" in the press and thru mutual friends. I was looking forward to a great/unique evening. The space is very unique, chic chic, glitzy and smoky with piped in smoke for the oooh/aaah ambiance. It's an impressive entry and first impression. There are three shows with different content in all three. I stayed for all three. Booze is pricey. In fact everything in that hotel is pricey. Martini's $24 bucks. Now.........here we go.........my biggest complaint was the show. I have seen numerous Cirque shows, cabaret shows, dinner theatre shows, etc. This is not my first rodeo as they say. This show or should I say all three shows lacked direction, had no punch, the talent was mediocre, the comedy was basically non existent......in that I didn't laugh but maybe a couple of times. Some performers were phoning it in (Piff the Magic Dragon) others were just plain dull. The calibre of talent was that of those auditioning for America's Got Talent........except that they don't. Actually, I might be being a bit harsh. I think the talent could be better if it were for a much better director. They tout this as a speakeasy, interactive experience, but it could have been a fantastic experience. Instead i found it to be lukewarm at best. The show and talent do not rise up the impressive club surroundings itself. Pricey, underwhelming, and not worth the hype. Save your $$.
5_star I just absolutely love this place! Always great service.The employees are always friendly and the custard is so good. I totally recommend this place.
3_star Decent diner but nothing special really. Perhaps it is a great diner with Montreal measures but, I don't think it's much to write home about.
5_star If you love seafood, Salmon Dave's is the best restaurant in all of Cleveland. Their salmon is exquisite. It melts in your mouth and ithe ginger sauce that it came with was delicious. It did not overpower the taste of the fish filet, but added to the flavor. I also enjoy their shrimp and scallop dishes. But what really separates Dave's from other restaurants is their risoto. I grew up on risoto, an italian rice dish. I love it, my children love it and my grandchildren love. To me the risoto at Salmon Dave's is the best I have ever eaten, even better than the risoto my made. So I suggest that when you go to dinner there, make sure you have one of their risotos as a side dish.
2_star The staff is great and attentive. Unfortunately, the food is marginal. Very oily greasy Italian food. I can't say I would eat there again. Service is great though.
3_star chic ultra minimalist modern interior Food was alright, a bit overpriced for the quantity. John and I had Wagyu tasting, each costing $130. They were good, but on the small side. Side dish and appetizers were also small....minimalist, just like the interior. I'd rather go to Mastro....more bang for your bucks.
3_star The Food: Average Mexican Fare. It's not the best you have ever had, but not the worst either. Aunt Chilada's best point is the patio. Go for happy hour, or a light dinner. Sit on the patio, have a few beers, and some apps. Take out of towners and locals. Play some bocce and chill.
1_star Went to this place to order the Ramen that everyone has raved about...it's too bad that I could not focus on enjoying the ramen, because the place was just too dirty and grimy! I sat in a booth close to the wall and thought for sure I would catch a fungus just by sitting too close to the dirty wall. The table was also sticky and gross! There sanitation score was a 90 and something tells me that's pretty high for them. The ramen was just ok...but I think if you can't properly clean your tables and your walls - that something even more disgusting, disturbing and dirty is lurking in the kitchen. I was not impressed and will never go back!
4_star We got carry out for the office and really enjoyed it. I had the chicken pad Thai with hot sauce on the side with egg rolls as well. I split it with a coworker and it was enough to share between the two of us. The only issue we had was the barely gave us a tablespoon of hot sauce or sweet and sour for the egg rolls. The containers were not even half full.
2_star We so wanted to love this place. The welcome was great, our server was charming and helped us learn some basic signs. The place was 1/3 full at 8pm on a midweek night and the atmosphere was a little stark. The menu was limited but we chose some basics. The food arrived promptly but was hugely disappointing. The spring rolls were OK but generic. Probably the worst steak we'd ever been served (grey and waterlogged). The seafood gnocchi was over salted and tasted of undiluted tomato paste. The salads were limp and poorly dressed. What a huge shame. Let's hope this was the chef's night off.
5_star the best healthy chicken and rice combo I've experienced. Its the perfect combo, workout and then after get your grub on. No need to cook.
3_star The Asian Cafe Express gave me the best Asian experience I have had in years. The food was excellent and the service was as on point as it could have been. I have since gone back 4 times and the experience and customer service has remained consistent and Asian as per my preferance. I'd highly reccomend this establishment.
2_star Food came too quick, meatballs were still cold inside, jambalaya wasnt quite hot. They forgot to ring in the appetizer Service was ok, nothing more. It was pasta tuesday, moderatly busy. I like the deal on tuesday so we keep coming here hoping for improvement, so far it hasnt happened.
5_star Awesome experience! The food excellent. What a great combination of flavors. I recommend a sampler to try a few things at once. I had never been to an Ethiopian restaurant and had to go to YouTube to learn how to eat it properly. Turns out the video was shot in this restaurant!
1_star Although the waitress was very nice, I still have to give this place one star based on the dish we ordered. If you like fresh, spicy, well prepared Thai food there are far better options. The spring rolls were bland, and the Pad Thai was even worse. It was likely prepared by someone with limited knowledge of Thai cuisine, and tasted as if someone had doused the noodles in ketchup, and then stirred in some green onions. Old, frozen shrimp in the dish added an element of unpleasant fishyness. Could I taste a hint of that nice sourness that tamarind paste delivers? Not at all. Served with a lemon? Come on now.
2_star The cafe seems like a cool idea: cute decor, view of Playhouse Square, etc. but the service wasn't great, and the glasses were dirty, and maybe this is just my California taste for fish, but the salmon wasn't good at all :( Potatoes were delicious though!
3_star Had a very nice brunch here with a big group of friends including a baby and children. Food was very good but service left a lot to be desired. The waitress was surly and sullen. She couldn't be bothered greeting us and hurried us through the meal taking condiments away before the food was done. Too bad cause the food especially the scones were really good.
1_star Horrible service- they could not have cared less we were there. Very disappointing. We ended up walking out before they could take our order. Went to Tee Pee Mexican Food who could not have been more accommodating.
2_star Ah, carne asada tacos... food of the Gods! Even Jennifer Lopez thinks so as she references TACOS in her song "Tacos y Burritos." The lyrics go something like THIS: "Burrito. Taco taco. Burrito. Taco. Taco taco. Don't think just because I got a lot of money, I'll give you taco-flavored kisses, honey. Fulfill all your wishes with my taco-flavored kisses.Taco taco. Burrito burrito." And taco flavored kisses you shall have in combination with an intense bout of watery diarrhea after you eat at Roberto's. No need to go camping for an episode of Giardia induced diarrhea... or are you a fan of vibrio cholera? Mmmm...rice water stool... kinda looks like the horchata in Roberto's most likely cockroach infested drink mixer. You know there's a medical school just down the block from here. I'm sure the med students would love to practice on you if you can't make it to the closest urgent care center! This place tastes okay if you're into lard flavored lard with a side of atherosclerosis. Definitely NOT weight watchers friendly. On second thought, maybe the colon cleanse might help me fit into the plus sized black dress that I recently got from Adele's Thrift Shop.
4_star Great atmosphere, reasonably priced drinks, bartender hooked it up in the tequila & sprite drink
3_star I took my office to Bomba Taco's today for lunch. First let me say that the food was very good. Tasty with lots of flavor. We did the Taco and salad Lunch Special and everyone walked away with full tummies. Now the bad part. We came in at 11:45 before the lunch rush. Hardly anyone was there. We were seated promptly and pretty much forgotten about. It took our waitress over ten minutes to even recognize that we were sitting there. Not good for a new restaurant who is trying to win over a lunch crowd. Finally got to order some drinks and our food and then waited another 33 minutes before food arrived. We are now 45 minutes into a one hour lunch period. We ate and again the food was very good. There is no way an average worker can go here during lunch and not get into trouble if they have to be back in one hour. Good thing my people were with the boss. I hope that they get the service turned around quickly or this place will be a short lived venture! Good luck to them.
2_star Decor is nice. Food is decent. However, service is way below par for a place like this. The wait just to get in was extremely painful. There were lots of tables available. ..but took like 15 min after we paid in order to get seated. I found out why after we got our food. They are severely under staffed. Every time we needed something, the waitress would just pass us by because she was dealing with a million things at once. Not her fault, but then she looked grumpy...and the lack of service shows. Probably won't be back.
5_star best pizza in tukee! also pizza fries are the bomb. customer service is always A1. Jody and Mark are the sweetest people ever. the breadsticks are to die for and the ranch is the best in town. we love zzeeks!
4_star Very good, creative Asian/Thai fusion cuisine! Nice, low key club atmosphere. We went on a Tues. evening, which was Tapas Night, with three generous tapas dishes for $20.
4_star When you come here, stick to what matters and don't deviate. The brisket and ribs are fantastic. The pork is very good. The chicken is not my favorite The sides are pretty good overall - Mac n' Cheese is very good. Hush puppies are excellent.
3_star Polite staff, maybe a little too polite asked for another minute with the menu got another 10. Cute spot good location. Pesto pizza was very good seafood pasta was WAAYY too salty couldn't finish.
4_star Went on a weekday evening for dinner. The place was almost empty except for a few people at the bar area. The interior of the restaurant was designed with a lodge cabin theme and was cute and comfortable. The food was typical pub food and fairly priced. I ordered a burger with fries which turned out ok, but the bun was way over buttered and greasy. I would recommend asking for any kind of sandwich bread to be lightly buttered. I'm giving this review an extra star than what I think it deserves due to our server Misty - she did a great job!
3_star The Stromboli was good. Service was very pleasant. The place was dark and old, having to walk through the smoke filled bar to get to the glass partitioned dining room was disappointing....hold your breathe! Would I go back, probably not. Once and done.
2_star Service was a bit slow despite the place being fairly empty, and I later realized we might have been overcharged for some items but did not get a call back from the staff members who had been on duty despite requesting several times. There was also a problem with one of the dishes, but was fixed pretty quickly, and the sever was overall very friendly.
3_star Needed a quick meal last night for my fiancé, his 2 kids, and his friend. Found a coupon in the Enjoy book for 'buy one, get one' large pizzas. Almost 18 bucks for two. The wait was longer than I expected but the pizza was pretty good. No complaints from anyone and only a few slices left over.
1_star Cannot say how this food tastes. We waited 2 hours for our delivery and it never showed up. Called several times to a very rude employee. Won't go back.
5_star The cherry limeade is awesome. And as far as the sandwiches go, I've yet to try a bad one here. I don't know that I can say that about any other sandwich chain. As a chain started by firemen, hot sauce is supposedly a running theme here. Over on the side is a case of various hot sauces from around the world. Some of the hot sauces are delicious, some are off putting, but I really don't know that the hot sauce adds anything to their sandwiches. To each their own I guess, but it's safe to say you won't be disappointed by Firehouse Subs. Be sure to put it into your rotation of places like Subway or Quiznos.
5_star Amazing wine list, fantastic pizzas with unusual toppings, and gnutella crepes for dessert. It doesn't get any better. Not to mention that the service is excellent and friendly, and the atmosphere is comfortable and welcoming, something that you don't usually experience in a place as hip as Cibo. I get nervous going out to trendy places because I'm scared of getting dirty looks from rich people, but this was not my experience at Cibo. Just sitting on their patio is a relaxing experience, what with the lovely foliage, glass of wine, and beardy waiter. I always want to go back when I've got the cash. Great for a date or special event.
4_star This little place is hidden amongst the hip streets of Tempe, Az, but when you find it it is a great spot to eat local grown and organic food. I went there while playing some dates in AZ and was relieved to find this spot cuz it was in the shade with misters on the patio. The people were very nice and knowledgeable about the food. The food itself was fresh and delicious. I had some kind of a veggie wrap with quinoa that came with a side of shell pesto pasta. This place is great and i am going back when I am in town again
5_star Great thai food. Owner really cares that you are enjoying the food and having a good time. Can't wait to go again.
2_star This is not the Big Apple from my childhood. I have tried this place twice in 8 years, they ran out of ribs the first time and food was just not good the second.....waitress was cool and a bit cooky, couldn't make up for the meal though.
5_star Food was great, service was friendly, efficient, and added a warm touch to a lovely restaurant. Baklava was to die for!!! Definitely worth the drive it takes from our home. Keep up the fantastic business, Khoury's!
1_star Me and several of my co-workers ordered lunch from Cafe Verdi, as they were one of the few delivery places with somewhat decent reviews in the area. We each ordered the 5 piece chicken finger meal off of Grub Hub. One was an order of garlic, one was for something titled garlic Panamanian, and the last for an order of mild buffalo. When our food arrived, each order was the same (what I assume they would consider just garlic). Luckily the prices were the same for each order. When my co-worker who ordered the food called in to point out their mistake, a rude man told her that garlic and garlic Panamanian are supposed to be the same, that's just how his manager wants it displayed on the website. Maybe they were actually trying to enter it as garlic parmigiano, but due to their obvious and ongoing lack of attention to detail, confused an Italian cheese for a small Central American country. The only order that was credited back was the mild buffalo, as even though the others were two different menu items, they both had garlic on them, so same difference to Cafe Verdi apparently. The overall quality of the food was mediocre at best, and we discovered that their restaurant was once featured on dirty dining. In summation, mediocre food, terrible customer service, geographically illiterate, and filthy. Needless to say, we won't be ordering from Cafe Verdi anymore.
2_star Reminded me of an overpriced cheap frozen pizza. I will try a different place on my next trip to Toronto.
2_star Had dinner at BLT last night before the LOVE show. The food was just ok. Not somewhere I would go out of my way to eat at again.
3_star Ok but why offer buy 1 drink get 1 free vouchers when the price is really a 2 drink price!
3_star Xmas eve dinner at the fry!! First time here. Plain and simple...green onion boneless chicken was delicious...very tender...perfect amount of batter...green onion goes well with the fried chicken. Calamari was okay...nothing special...it came with a sweet and spicy sauce. Butter garlic fries...don't order it...it was sweet which tasted kind of weird. When I asked the waitress she said its supposed to taste like that. We didn't touch the rest of it and they didn't do anything about it. I'd come back here...but just for the chicken.
2_star Service is bad. Sat for 10 minutes . When a wait staff came close , she informed me another server would be over. Yes he did to the table next to me who just sat down. I know the airport is busy. But common on. They know you are on a tight time frame. I had 1 1/2 hours between flights. Now less than an hour. I got up and sat at bar. At least service was better. Cosmo ok. Should have stuck with a beer. Still no food. May have to get it to go.
2_star Dirty. Poor service....lots of staff just standing around while customers wait. Greeter didn't even acknowledge our presence ....just mumbled under her breath if there 2 of us then walked away. Food has gone down hill big time. Everything was bland. It's been a while since we've eaten here....can't say we will be coming back.
4_star This is our go-to for thai food and we've eaten here many times. Their pad thai is good but not outstanding. If you are thinking noodles, I would encourage you to order the "oodles of noodles" plate instead.
4_star I went there for our dinner, and it was good. The atomosphere is so nice, and food is delicious. their TENPURA are crispy enough that we were satisfied with it. ROLLs are kind of little bit small, I think . But totally , it was good. Having heard it was reasonable, but I don`t think so. sooner or later, we will go again.
4_star Sin City Wings met more than my standards I expected and they will see me again. One thing that bothered me was the amount of time it took to make the food. I like that it's fresh, but it's not a place to go to when there's a few people in front of you and there's no shade on a hot day. Though, if there's a time where the sun isn't beaming down on you, it's a great place to go get your chicken wing/tender fit. I ordered a box deal which was $10. It's a bit pricey but that's expected for food trucks, so as a food truck fanatic I didn't mind. The box deal included wings/tenders, fries, sauce, and bread. The fries were served in a good amount and they were made the way I like (crispy outside and soft inside, but not burning inside). Sorry for the vague description of the fries. The sauce is just normal ranch served in those plastic containers. The bread was just normal to me, but more for you buck in my opinion lol. I forgot the name of the flavor of the wings, but it was fantastic.It said it was sweet and spicy, but it was majority sweet and no spice, but I eat a lot of spicy so maybe I would have to try a more spicy flavor. I would definitely come back and I recommend it toward others.
4_star We went back! Valentine's dinner at Oyshi sounded so good, so we went. When we got there, we ran into a bunch of people we knew. Lots of our friends are regulars there. Our server Steven (maybe spelled Stephen) was very nice and paid special attention to us and started up real conversations about UNLV and stuff. There was only 2 of us and we had to re-order/ask about a couple of things we ordered (same as when we were there with the big group), but it wasn't a big deal because since there was only 2 of us, we got full way faster and were glad to use the digestion breaks between eating. The creme brulee was divine as always. It's just SO SAD how they only give you 1 dessert when you order AYCE (All You Can Eat) sushi. I want AYCE creme brulee!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! And still came home smelling like food. LOL. #foodcrew
1_star HORRIBLE dining experience tonigt!! Service was terrible, slow and unfriendly. Customers who came in after us by at least 30 min were served food before we were ( both of us ordered pizza ). Dirty tables not bussed until customers came in and needed to be seated. Heard a customer be told there were no more clean plates... Finally after an hour and a half our bruschetta came out, but the crust was burnt terribly and they tried to cover it up with extra tomatoes. When asked if our pizza was coming soon, was told it had not been started yet!!! Told the server to cancel it and she brought us a check for our drinks!!! Paid cash for our drinks, which should have been comped in my opinion, the server told me they had no change!! She then had to get me change from her purse. Watched 2 other tables walk out after us! Will NEVER go back!!
5_star Of course the food and drinks were perfect like always! Cocktails are a must and you can't go wrong with any one (especially their Mai Tai). We always do a full meal of appetizer, entree (the snapper, steak salad, or fish tacos are my favorites) and dessert when we go because everything is just so good! Hands down my favorite restaurant in the Scottsdale area; you just can't pass up a beach paradise atmosphere in the desert.
5_star I have been to Udupi Madras Cafe multiple times and the variety of DOSA'S there is incredible. I love the mysore masala dosa, Chettinadu Masala Dosa, the delicious chili paneer masala dosa and the list goes on. The desserts are equally great. Dont forget to try the Udupi Special GADBAD Ice Cream, its one thing you cannot miss if you go to udupi. On saturday and sunday, it even has an awesome BREAKFAST BUFFET with variety of chutneys, south indian delicacies like vada, idli, Upma,Pongal, sheera etc. The prices are very reasonable, the staff is friendly and overall ambiance is great. The decor allows the simplistic beauty of the food to really shine. It's one place that really reminds me of my native place and the culture of India.
3_star The food is good, however they will often close the boba bar due to being short staff. When asked why, they just said "it is too busy today"
3_star It is a good place for one who likes to enjoy his/her time or good place for visiting friends. The crepe was a little bit sweat for me.the portion is enough for two small apetite like two girls. I like the place.The server was friendly and the place is cozy.
2_star Ive been to this place several times, food is great only problem ive had with this place is the funk of the waiters...I dont need to smell B.O. when im supposed to be smelling butter chicken. This has been a problem everytime ive been, maybe instead of tips they could get Right Guard? ive stopped going because the last time was really bad and just brings up bad memories.
3_star My wife and I recently ate here for the first time. The atmosphere was very nice but it was also VERY loud, to the point we could barely hear our waiter. We did eat here on a Saturday night and it was packed but still every restaurant was. Our waiter was so...so...he took awhile to get our drinks and then take our order. I saw another table get the manager because the same waiter was taking forever to take their order as well. We ordered the shrimp cocktail and French onion soup for our appetizers, both of them were fantastic. Then our main dishes arrived, we both got the usda filets, a side order of mashed potatoes, sautéed mushrooms, and a lobster tail. Everything was great except my filet was undercooked, we both ordered our steaks medium and my wife's was fine but mine was very red in the center and bloody. Overall I gave this place 3 out of 5 stars, because the service was lacking, my steak being undercooked and then the price, which was $183 dollars for our meal seemed a bit much for what we got. I would probably give this place another try since it was our first time. Also I HIGHLY recommend making reservations.
3_star I think it is definitely a decent place, but there are better in vegas. The Tikka masala sauce was definitely lacking, ...and I believe that is the most popular selling indian dish in the U.S..so they need to improve it. Naan was good...service was friendly.
5_star My favorite Mediterranean food so far in Phoenix. Food made by a real cook and very tasty. If you like pita jungle for it's Mediterranean at all, this place will really beat it.
5_star Best value for money of any buffet in Las Vegas (and one the 3 best overall, if not THE best) ! Nice open and bright layout, easy to navigate and comfortable seating. Food selection is larger than most buffets' and the food tastes great, hardly found something that tasted bland. (I did not sample the seafood). My personal favorite was the Carne Asada, Kahlua Pork and the sweet potato mash with marshmallows. The dessert station had a nice variety and they even make their own gelato! Service was very warm and friendly and quite fast. Overall the food selection, taste, service and layout was amazing. At $15 per person for lunch this is outstanding value for money! Definitely one of the best places to eat in Las Vegas. I wish I'd discovered it sooner. 5/5
2_star Haven't been to Mallorca in over a year but from the looks of some of the posts I doubt much has changed since my last cpl visits. The first time I went I had the gazpacho- decent enough I guess, and the twin lobster tails- extremely bland with a cap. 'B'. "Saffron rice" very bland indeed. I've had way more flavorful Spanish rice at my local Tex-Mex restaurant. Add to this the curious 'house' potatoes- mere kettle chips-- that's right folks, potato chips billed as house potatoes. Next time I went had the Sopa de Ajo, not bad at all. The tapas selection might be the best thing on the menu next to the Portuguese almond liqueur they serve gratis @ the end of the meal. Tried the paella on the second visit as well. The seafood was rather mediocre, and all atop the same bland saffron rice. No spice whatsoever like you would expect from a restaurant that purportedly specializes in true Iberian cuisine. The wine list is altogether pricey; however the house sangria was tasty. All in all, with tip, expect to pay out an arm and a leg at this place. Definitely not worth a return trip in my mind, but to each their own. Add to this the horrendous parking situation (but then this is downtown Cleveland, after all) and the experience isn't any more memorable. The decor probably is in desperate need of updating but if you like shabby-chic then it's right up your alley- but this is the least important aspect about this place in my opinion. If you enjoy paying out the wazoo for mediocre, bland attempts at true Spanish food then this establishment is made just for you.
3_star First visit to either location of Diana's Oyster Bar. As others reviews have stated, this location is quite large and it has a beautiful upscale modern decor complete with a bar, large dining area and an oyster bar. Diana's has a large menu and a separate menu for the oysters. Our party started with some oysters. They have a large variety of oysters to choose from and the server was quite helpful explaining about the different varieties. Prices for the oysters vary from reasonable to quite expensive. Our party had mixed success with their main dishes. Some hits and some misses. The hit was a huge serving of Paella brimming with shell fish. The miss was a supposed boneless Red Snapper that was full of bones. Personally I had the pasta with clams and it was ok but not great The ambiance, presentation of food and service were excellent. Unfortunately the food did not match that same level. Since it's the food is the reason you go to a restaurant, I can only give a rating of 3 stars but the experience was still enjoyable enough that I will give Diana's another chance.
5_star Ahh where to begin.. I remember when Kenzo first opened (2009) and I've been a regular there since. Try starting out with Tonkotsu ramen. It's pork bone based and I think it has the perfect taste for both new to ramen and ramen lovers. If you love spicy food, you can't go wrong with King of Kings ramen. It's pretty filling and you can get up to 3 levels of spiciness. (One time, I asked for level 10) If you're looking for smaller ramen, I usually get either Shio (salt based) or Shoyu (soy sauce based) ramen. Don't let their lower price and smaller size fool you. More and more I tried these simplified ramens, I found myself ordering Shio and Shoyu more! If you're going to Dundas location, be aware that it gets crowded quick and you'll probably have to wait.
2_star I've never eaten there, but the drinks and service were really just "meh." This was a backup choice when Lost Leaf was too packed to find a spot. In hindsight, it makes sense why Bliss had space. I ordered two different beers on tap but was told they had "just kicked the keg" so I'd have to pick again-- and again. The decor is neat though, I'll give them that.
4_star Came with a group of 10 guys and they accommodated us really well. The food was delicious and the service was great! All the waitresses were super nice and helped us out so much. Will definitely come back here next time I'm in Vegas!
4_star I went here with a group as part of a conference, and we were served a fixed menu. I'm vegan, and they were very accommodating, even though we weren't ordering off of the standard menu. The service was great, and the waiter said they'd bring me something. The salad was simple but the dressing was delicious, and the waiter came by twice to give me extra. The pasta was especially good, and was served with the largest head of broccoli that I've ever seen. Great food, attentive service, and they wanted to make sure we were happy.
1_star Compass restaurant heading in wrong direction As a member of the Bronte Outer Harbour Marina, my friends and I visited for lunch. What appears to be high-class dining is only a facade of overpriced food, cold waitstaff, and an awful clash of ingredients. After ordering our $35 meals, we waited an hour for it to arrive. Upon arrival, we could not even finish our meals. The ricotta cheese balls were inedible as they were swimming in butter. The $25 burger was horrendous. Hugely disappointed. I'd rather have eaten at a halfass fast food joint than this place again. To top it off, food poisoning was the cherry on top of our unpleasant meal. That night caused severe stomach pains. NEVER will i go back. It's no wonder the people of BOHM don't eat here.
3_star Went for lunch today. Lobster bisque was outstanding, as usual, but the steamed buns were terrible. Could not tell the duck from the beef short ribs, because each tasted like a salt lick. Only reason for 3 stars is the bisque and previous dinners. Hopefully it was one bad day.
2_star Food is great but service is too slow. Even for take out, I placed an order for take out half hour before arriving but it took them almost an hour to serve. Same when you dine in, takes forever to get the food.
3_star I'm not sure I should lower my expectations or if I'm being overly critical of the "New Salad King". I've been a customer since the days it was a tiny, dark hole-in-the-wall eatery (before the first renovation at the recently burned down historical building on Gould St.). A good friend of mine knows the owner and it was one of our favourite Thai food places for a bite. The reason they had one of the busiest and best reputation for years was they actually had cooks from Thailand and he used the most expensive flour for his spring rolls (ever wonder why they weren't greasy and dripping in oil like other places serving spring rolls?). The flour was extremely light and didn't hold much oil when fried and it made them crispy. I was eager to try the new place. The first time I stopped by and the line up was out the door and down the stairs spilling onto the street (it was about 2 weeks after re-opening at the new location) so we decided to eat elsewhere and come back another day. The second attempt a few weeks later was successful as there was no lineup at prime time. That may have been a mixed blessing... perhaps others shared the same experience as I did? The service: We were seated immediately but after 10 minutes, no wait staff or anyone to even take our order. This was not good as the old staff were excellent, very attentive, fast, courteous and easy on the eyes (at least the females were for me). We were seated right near the door and wait staff had to pass by us to get to the kitchen (several did but we didn't know who was our server). I was ready to get up and leave when a server asked us if we needed something... I said with a hint of sarcasm "water would be nice and someone to take our order." She was polite and said she wasn't our server and he should be here any moment. She brings us a glass of water and he finally showed up a minute later. He was not apologetic, quite blunt and looked like he was doing us a favour to take our order (ah, typical mainlander... being Chinese I can say that). The food took forever to arrive... the old place was 5-10 minutes tops and this was closer to 15-20 minutes. I was wondering if they forgotten our order? They could have at least brought the spring roll appetizers first. Nothing. We had finished our water and not even a refill. In my head, the tip was dropping by the minute. The food: After about 20 minutes, our food finally arrives. My friend order phad thai and I ordered mango chicken on rice. I'm not sure if they still employ the same Thai cooks but the first thing I noticed was the spring rolls were a bit more oily than I recall at the old location... perhaps it's my memory that is failing me since it took them a while to re-open. My mango chicken tasted good, portions were as I remembered and medium spice done right just like the good old days :) At least that part didn't disappoint. While eating, my friend and I chatted about the operation noticing there was more seating and there were empty spots which was rare at the old place. Our delay in getting our meals may have been the kitchen staff not being able to cook as fast to accommodate the larger seating capacity. We also noticed some guy, who looked like he was in charge, standing around and the owner was absent which was rare (did he sell out or did he actually take time off??). Not sure but I'll need to come back to test these theories. The verdict: I would usually give them a 4-5 star rating but my return here was a tad disappointing so a 3 star outing this time. They have made improvements in the size, seating and fancier decor but I feel they sacrificed service and quality resulting from their expansion. The prices went up a bit too (about a dollar a dish) which didn't make a huge difference but it makes you think about value compared to the old place. I'll definitely come back and we'll chat with the owner (if he's still here) and give him some feedback about our experience. If there is no lineups, I would think something is missing from their previous success formula. Will be back for a review update here.
2_star First Thai place I've been to in Arizona. The place is decently sized compared to other Thai places I've been to. Looks like a family owned business with the whole family working together. Ordered their beef salad, pad thai, and thai fried rice. Figured if those are decent, then we can try other food here next time. The beef in the beef salad tasted like beef jerky, but the seasoning was good. I've never had beef jerky salad before. The pad thai was good, but I've had a lot better elsewhere. The thai fried rice was probably the best thing that we had there. The service was mediocre. Another family came in after us and ordered after us, but somehow got all their food before us.
4_star Came back again for their Tortas. Once again the food did not disappoint. Had their Naco Torta which was absolutely delicious.
2_star Menu is pretty basic, food is creatively plated. Staff is pretentious and rude. Menu prices are as high as they are because you are paying for the atmosphere... Not the food. If you are expecting an exceptional meal, not the place. But good spot for coffee and a quick basic dessert.
4_star Of course I would find a dying need to write my first review a day before my test on fungal agents/vaccinations/immunosuppressants. Typical. This is an upgrade from my last procrastination activity though- online shoe browsing. Everyone has already commented on how this is located in some obscure, dark corner of a strip mall so i'll skip onto the juicy stuff. So, the first negative thing I have to note is that my body went through an MSG overload after we left the restaurant. My bf and I must have been on the brink of dehydration for hours after the meal (no thanks to the casinos- there are ZERO water fountains on the strip), but judging from the volume of food we had & the inescapable dashi seasoning in japanese food, that sounds about right. We had a FEAST. And all for ~$60 for 2. Highlights: Agedashi tofu- fried on the outside for some bite and texture, so buttery soft on the inside, sitting in dashi broth. Kobe beef tendon- a thousand times yes! this was our favorite. the tendon was fresh and just melts in your mouth. Kurobuta pork cheek Chicken breast wrapped with chicken skin- salted, crispy skin + juicy morsel of chicken. Fluffy cheesecake- ok, the description is really lacking here. its really a mousse of cheesecake sitting on top of a thin layer of very finely cubed fruit! and on top of a dark chocolate? cookie crust, garnished with some raspberries, a little raspberry sauce, and green tea powder. it was so light and refreshing, i savored every single bite. Skip: Poached egg w/sea urchin & salmon roe- the description fails to say it basically sits in a mucous-y okra broth. Potato corn- i get the novelty but once you get over wondering how this came to be, you realize youre getting ripped for a small morsel of bland veggies. Butter sautéed scallop with soy sauce- salty, small, a smidgen overcooked, $7.00. i mean, with that price you could buy TWO orders of the beef tendon... Tips: - Call for reservations. A party of 4 was turned away in the beginning of the night and was told that it was completely booked for the night. It was a TUESDAY so yeah, plan ahead. - The bathroom's cute. It's got a cute forest theme going on. Very very memorable meal. I have tons of pictures (not sure how to upload) but I'm already moving on to my next procrastination activity- Dexter.
4_star This is my go-to Indian Buffet on Gerrard Street. The food is really good and tasty ! However, the restaurant can be a bit cramped so not recommended for really big groups. It's also a bit pricey compared to other Indian buffets but occasionally it's worth the splurge.
4_star I just love Noodles & co. Went today with a work group, we had such a diverse order: 2 x Indonesian spicy peanut Udon noodle with pork Penne with tomato cream Pulled pork sandwich. Mine was good (spicy peanut, no meat). I would wish for more broccoli and carrot though, it's not like those ingredients are expensive. There was plenty of noodle and sprouts though. So glad they opened a location on the north side!
3_star When you come here when it's not too busy, it's a fantastic experience. Delicious food, good service, decent prices and plaza lot parking! I personally wouldn't stray from the surefire Korean-Chinese menu items like jjajangmyun, jjamppong, tangsooyuk, kkanpoongi, rajogi, etc. but they do offer a bunch of other rice and noodle dishes for the more adventurous (though they are hit and miss, as to be expected). When the place IS busy however, the service goes way downhill. Multiple times I've been seated after a long wait only to be completely ignored (sometimes even after asking to order) until a server waiting on the adjacent table notices our empty table and hurries over. Food is slow to come out, the side radishes/onions often don't show up and tea/water is never refilled. I think declining quality of service relative to busyness is true for most restaurants and is honestly to be expected, but Sunny Dragon seems to manage it poorer than most.
5_star Seriously, don't waste your time reading this review. Get your butt in line, now! Try the corn & chicken sandwich! Amazing. Honest.. just get there.
1_star Food was really mediocre, I felt like I was eating at Ihops or Denny's but paying a higher price. The only reason we came here was the $10/pp coupon from purchasing the Vegas pass. Won't recommend this place to anyone because there's plenty of good eats in Vegas
3_star Afternoon tea: very extensive tea selection. The finger sandwiches and scones were good along with the desserts but not as tasty as some other tea places I have frequented. Service is lacking here. For such a nice place the waitresses need to pay closer attention to their customers.
1_star Nice restaurant and food was decent but poorly managed and horrible service. We got there at 4pm on a weekday and it was not busy at all. Servers were standing around and we sat for at least 15 minutes without anyone coming to our table. Our server showed up took our order and disappeared again until we flagged her down for our check. Would not be back
5_star In the heart of French Canada, it's rare to find a true glass of milk from my European mother's teet. Alas, I believe I found it at laloux. A quaint French restaurant with elegant flair and creative dishes like goat-cheese cheesecake, that's right I wrote goat cheese! My husband and I had dinner there for the first time last night and magnifique is too plain a word to describe our experience. The tenderloin and the cheesecake are a must!
2_star My wife and I ate there on 5/28/14 at 745 pm .I had a stuffed blue cheese burger ,I have owned a meat packing for 35 years.in my opinion it was the worst hamburger I have in a very long time .we use to eat there every other week never again. My wife had chicken benedict the chicken was like jerky .Sad to see it go down hill.
4_star This place isn't far from my work, so I've been here quite a few times. I almost always get something from the grill, so my review is based on nothing from the fry menu. I LOVE the freshness of the fish. And fresh fish with that char/bbq taste? One of my favourite things in the world! And I'm a fan of the coleslaw and salad. That red mayo-y sauce that comes with the Arctic char is pretty flavourful. Not a fan of the salad dressing (some default balsamic vinegar type of dressing I think?), so I just use that red sauce instead. The price is a bit high for what it is though, so definitely 1 star deducted for that. Also, if you eat inside the restaurant, be prepared to come out smelling like smokey grill.
1_star Needed to try the new place but won't be back. Don't think it will survive long on the mount. Small inside and cold!!!!! Asked specifically if they used Breadworks bread and was told they did, but when I goy my sandwich it was on plain old square bland wheat bread. Very disappointing. Also the pepsi tasted flat and/or diluted. May be a good place to go after bars close and you're so drunk you can't tell what you're eating but I wouldn't recommend it.
5_star Last night in Vegas and my wife, our son and I decided to stay in our hotel (New York New York) and eat. America was running a rib-eye steak special for $14.95. We were pleasantly surprised by not just the taste but the size as well. Well worth the money compared to other places on the strip. I highly recommend giving it a try. Ask for Chris if you do. His service was outstanding despite being busy. Manager also took the time to stop and ask how everything was.
2_star This is the first AZ location for this chain and it just opened a couple of days ago. Unfortunately, I'm left with mixed impressions about my first experience here. It's a casual restaurant where you order at the front and then you can either eat inside or get it to-go. I went the to-go route and ordered their taco plate. Prices are pretty good, with the taco plate running around $7 for 2 tacos and your choice of 2 sides. I got the grilled fish taco and grilled shrimp taco, both in the soft option (which means you get a soft corn tortilla). For my sides I got their rice and black beans. First off, the tacos were good. They're unique in that they use feta cheese which adds a nice saltiness. The shrimp taco was my favorite of the two -the shrimp were seasoned nicely and weren't overcooked. Where they missed the mark though was on the sides. The rice was undercooked to the point where some of it was still hard, which completely distracted from any decent flavor it had. The beans were good flavor wise, just watery, which I don't love... but this would have still been ok except for the fact that I found a hair in my beans :( Their hot sauce is good though and was a nice surprise. I would have loved it on my rice if the rice wasn't undercooked. The hot sauce has a tangy, almost-buffalo style quality to it, with just the right amount of heat. Since this is only their first week being open though, I would be willing to go back and give it another try and hopefully some of the issues will have been worked out.
5_star I was pleasantly surprised with my overall experience at Sotto Sotto. The experience started as such: made 9:45pm reservations, but i was not seated until after 10pm. I was less than annoyed at that but I did not let it get to me. The place appears small from the outside, but it is certainly not very small on the inside... and rammed! My date and I started out with bruschetta which was fantastic. I ordered the Valpolicella to drink. For the mains, I had the Vitella Della Nonna (Veal with eggplant). Everything about this main was to die for! My date ordered Pollo in Carrozza (Chicken topped with prosciutto and mozza). To me this tasted a bit bland, but the date really liked it. We opted for dessert - Foresta Nera. O. M. G. Can't go wrong with chocolate and raspberry!
2_star There tacos are good. I like their fish tacos especially. They claim to be open 24hrs on Friday and Saturday, though i have tried a few times to stop in on Saturday mornings around 8am to get a couple breakfast burritos and they have been closed. I guess I'll never be able to try one of them out.
3_star Reviewed Dish: 1 piece fish and chips Restaurant Makeover did a good job at modernizing the restaurant. It's probably the best looking Fish & Chips I have ever went to. Unfortunately the food was not that memorable, not sure if it was because I went after the normal lunch crowd at 2pm. Normally I do not rate the service, but one of the owners were cooking that day, and he was kind of grumpy the entire time......or maybe it's an off day at Reliable. Reviewed during: weekday 2pm Service Speed: N/A Service : 2 / 5 Cooking speed: 3.5 / 5 Food Quality: 3.5 / 5 Food Quantity: 3.5 / 5 Price: 3.5 / 5 Cleanness: 5 / 5 Repeat: Maybe
2_star My wife and daughter like the cheesesteaks, so I wish I liked the sandwiches. Bottom line, the hoagie rolls are stale and gross here, so a cold turkey sandwich is destined for mediocrity. I guess on the positive side it keeps me from eating bread, but to me that's one of the key components of a sandwich done right. Genos doesn't get it right.
5_star The best Chinese food in the university area. Get the chicken fried rice.
2_star Decor was nice, service was fine, but all in all, just a meh experience. Flavors were not terribly dynamic, the heat was negligible, the portions were scant, and the check average unjustified. This to me was not "fancy" or "high-end" or even "innovative" Mexican fair...just plain ole' expensive Mexican Food stripped of its soul. Personally I prefer to pay for the product, not the geographical location, but if you're the type of person to pay for ambiance and are interested in helping them pay for whats surly an exorbitant rent, have at it.
4_star I've been a patron of spoons BBQ since the sixties I guess certainly the seventies. My wife and I used to bring our little baby boy and we ate there he turned 33 last week. Now I meet him there for lunch.
3_star Was Rosemary's having an off-night this past weekend? The service was impeccable, and the atmosphere was decent, but the food was underwhelming. I ordered the Texas BBQ shrimp and the Cheddar Hazelnut Pesto quesadilla, and my boyfriend had the Wild Salmon on special. The Salmon was overdone and lacking flavor. The BBQ shrimp were average at best, and the quesadilla was a bit tasteless. The dinner rolls sounded exquisite - chocolate/honey and potato, but tasted like cheap white dinner rolls from the supermarket. The amuse bouche quiche sent out by the chef was lovely. The complementary desserts that they sent out were greatly appreciated, but very supermarket-like as well. I wonder if the usual chef was out that night? Will have to try again sometime.
3_star This place is like cheers I suppose, or even Denny's. It's small but seems to fill up nicely around lunch. I was halfway through the diner when I was told seat where ever I want, then my server came and gave me a menu. She was nice, seemed quite. I got their chicken sandwich...however it had teriyaki sauce on it? Umm wasn't happy with that but I was very kind and the server fixed it...she didn't replace it but scrapped it off and gave me a new bottom bun. The sauce was still on some of the chicken. It was a decent size, couldn't finish it all. Overall it is a nice place for comfort eating or if you don't want to dress up and be bothered, but that's it.
4_star I genuinely don't understand the negative reviews here. I tried Rose & Sons a few weeks ago and it was great. I stopped by for brunch with a few friends and left completely full and satisfied. I had the duck confit + grits for $16 or $18 (can't quite recall) and a cappuccino. The cappuccino was delicious and way better than expected. The duck was crispy on the outside and tender and juicy on the inside. The grits were AWESOME. Yes, I was initially weary of the small serving, but after a few bites I realized this was a heavy, heavy meal. The atmosphere is super casual. I can totally understand why some people wouldn't like it as it's loud and a bit cramped. Having said that, the service was friendly and approachable and not the least bit surly. Food is great and came in a timely manner...even though the place was packed at 11:30am on a Saturday. Oh, and good beer on tap...Kensington Brewing Company and Steamwhistle.
2_star I have been going to pickle barrel for decades. The food is ok . They are very far from the dining area and require you to walk down a very long staircase. They are in a very isolated area. The fish and chips and the salad was actually bad it take me time to go there again
5_star One of the best Russian/Mediterranean/Middle Eastern I've been to in Toronto. We tried several dishes - appetizers and entrées. Great presentation, quality with varied and flavourful experience. Highly recommended :)
3_star Dotty's has a reputation for good burgers. They have some pretty good burgers, but it never really blew my mind. Dotty's was just a little too packed when I went and it was hard to get a conversation going or even hear myself think. I would recommend trying to get to Dotty's at an odd dinner hour or earlier in the evening.
3_star summary: - sure their food is pretty good, but nothing OUTSTANDING - i say this especially because of the wait time; it is just NOT worth it (think: waiting for almost 1.5 hours with only 6 pairs in front of you.. WTF?!) - they seem to be very inefficient: letting people sit for LONG LONG periods, taking forever to clear tables for the next people, etc. they also stopped taking people at 2:30 pm. hey, saving grace - how about you up the service/efficiency so that you can make more money? and maybe give a time limit for people.. which is especially important at a no-reservation-taking joint. will i go back? maybe. but most likely not. and i'm happy with that. saving grace = womp womp, but you get 3 stars for your food being decent
5_star Staff is very friendly and fast whenever I go here. Lots of selection in different types of ramen.
3_star This is good.. sort of a Vegas tradition for us now to eat here once per visit. It's basically just a window, but crepes are not a normal sight, so stop by once, for breakfast, or for dessert.
1_star The place was filthy and the cashier was rude. Definitely staying away from this location.
2_star We dined in and were the only dine in customers at that time. It was also later in the dinner service so the "rush hour" was over. So, we expected service to be fairly quick. But it was not. It took over 20 minutes to just take the order, another 30 minutes for food to arrive. Basic cutlery wasn't provided, and a simple request for plates took five minutes. The sushi itself was subpar. The cuts were thin, and many of the sushi were made like a child would make them. I love sushi but this was probably one of the worst we've been to for a while.
4_star I really love the food here at this restaurant! Especially the dim sum. I've been coming here for years and every time the owner is there he is very welcoming! If your ever there for dinner definitely try the lobster. If you've never had lobster chinese style you've gotta try it!
5_star THE BEST !!! ALL YOU CAN EAT Shabu Shabu / Sukiyaki in Las Vegas. Price is not expensive at all compare to other places. Not only get all you eat shabu / sukiyaki plus Appetizers, Meats, Seafood, Sushi, Sashimi and vegetables for all types of cooking included in the AYCE. Time to say goodbye to other all you can eat Sushi place !! Come try it out this place today !!!
5_star First trip to Vegas and we had to stop for a bite here. Food was awesome! Very tasty! The Bloody Mary looked and tasted fabulous! Portions were WAY too large to finish but overall we LOVED it! I didn't think the prices were any higher than some of the other places around here. Would definitely recommend! Especially the Motley Que sandwich! Yum!
1_star Well so disappointed this use to be our favorite. But our last to visits where just so so at best the food was just poor quality. The seafood was just disappointing the fish flavorless they couldn't the crab legs up the shrimp is peel and eat now. Every thing else below average Will not spend another dollar here again
2_star Nothing special. Slow, but friendly, service. Food was bland. Place was clean. Shakes were good. Haven't been to a johnny rockets in years. Don't think I will go back. I'm actually surprised johnny rockets is still around.
5_star Just had lunch here with my wife: French onion soup - amazing! Parisian Sandwich - 8 out of 10, crepe dessert with caramelized apples - 9 out of 10, atmosphere - very very cool! Great date place!
1_star I was surprised by my experience here seeing as there are so many nice reviews. I came in and started with the new nuong rolls which were great but I can't say the same for the beef meatball pho. The meatballs were riddled with pieces of bone (which is really off putting) and my boyfriend ordered the flank pho. He had to keep pulling out scrappy fat off the already minimal amount of meat in his dish. We weren't checked up on at all. The wait staff seemed to be enjoying the episodes of Friends they were playing though. It made me feel like an unwelcome guest in someone's home. I just walked up to the counter after a while and asked if I could pay and leave. I had a really bizarre lingering taste in my mouth after I left reminiscent of old or stale food. The service doesn't really have to be stellar for me but the food has to at least be better than mediocre for me to come back. I used to come to this place when it was Nem Nuong Bistro and I think some if not most of these positive reviews are from the previous establishment.
4_star The most consistent place I've ever been to as far as normal traditional american fare. I love sitting at bar wi my wife. Great bartender. Lunch specials and soups are always good. Fresh homemade bread is a must there. Owner is there and smiling a lot. My father took me when I was a kid. Never fails. Pizza very good as well.
5_star My favorite sandwich shop in charlotte. Used to frequent one in nashville, so glad they followed me here!!! Delicious, and plenty of choices. It is a must try.
2_star Tonight was my first and last visit to this restaurant. A friend had recommend we give it a try, so my wife, mother-in-law, and myself decided we would go on their recommendation. There were very few cars parked outside the restaurant, which should have tipped me off. In the end, the service was very slow - not sure why, but they may have simply been understaffed. The waiter was nice and polite, but we ran out of chips and had to ask to get more, and then had to wait a long time for our check at the end of the meal. All three of us thought the food was very subpar. I had cheese enchiladas, which are kinda hard to mess up, but they were dry and had a weird taste. The rice was not very good, and was also very dry. The refried beans were the best part of the meal, which my mother-in-law agreed with. My wife had the vegetable plate, and thought it was passable, but nothing to write home about. We all gave it a thumbs down and agreed it would not be worth it to come back. We had just gone to Arriba for mexican food just a few days ago, and found it to be a few steps above El Palacio. in addition, they do not allow firearms into the restaurant, so if you are a law abiding concealed-carry kind of person, you should know that you are not welcome at this restaurant...another reason for a less then stellar review.
1_star North 44 has a manager who does not know how to listen to his customer. I called the restaurant the day before our dinner and was told clearly they charged $50 for bringing your own wine. I asked for confirmation that the charge is for three bottles of wine for my whole table. She went away and came back with a firm confirmation that it is for the three bottles of wines and the whole table. I am OK if the restaurant make a mistake and apologize, but NO. The manager went to an extend to deny and repeatedly inviting his staff to join the conversation to make a point that his staff did not make a mistake and it was me who did not get it right. If this is a high end restaurant, then they employed the wrong manager. He kept explaining the logic behind the $50 charge forgotten that the tips for the dinner is more than the amount and why explained his business logic to a customer. No one is interested of how he does his business or he must make at least $50 profit per bottle of wine. Wonder if he explains to his customer how his chef cook the food when the customer is not happy with the food. North44 charges is high. The charges are not just the food, but the experience and satisfaction. The manager failed. North 44 should not hire a cheap manager to serve his high end customers.
4_star We were visiting from Los Angeles and looked for a steak house and went to Yelp for recommendations. Cholla Prime Steakhouse got our attention, and after reading reviews on Yelp, decided to give it a try. Yes, it was a good experience. The restaurant is small, and somewhat quiet, and just the right size to feel comfortable. The waitress was wonderful! The Caesar salad was not presented well, but tasted good. I ordered a rare steak, and it came out medium, to medium-rare. My husband ordered medium-rare steak and his steak was closer to rare, so we switched steaks. The restaurant gave us a free desert for the screw up, and that was nice of them. The desert was good, the fresh berries were excellent, and the wine was excellent.
2_star The restaurant has a nice ambiance; however, it was quite noisy, even considering how crowded it was. The food was below average--stay away from the korma, it was undercooked and poorly flavored. The drinks were good. The service was below average. They were understaffed. This review is becoming disjointed. Nice herb garden.
5_star Weiss is amazing! Incredible food, wonderful portions, and great service! It is totally a whole in the wall, but perfect atmosphere! Jaques (spelling?) is one the of nicest servers ever! He always take such good care of us when we come in. Often times there is a line, but it is ALWAYS worth the wait! This is our go to Deli!
3_star Low prices, huuuuge portions, I would have loved this place in university. That being said, their rolls go heavy on the fillers like rice and fake crab (impossible to avoid in this place) and skimp on the nice sashimi meat. We ordered alcohol, apps, and the most expensive thing on the menu (large party tray) for just two of us, but they didn't bring one of those little freebie side salads, which I've sort of come to expect at little sushi places. Side note: we will definitely order their ramen again, as take-out, great broth.
4_star Had lunch a few days ago at the South Park location. Loved the interior, wine for days with a comfortable feel. My salad was perfect, not too big, scallops were tasty. Our server seemed busy but was very friendly and stopped by often to check in. Desserts were also tasty.
4_star Get family own resurant. I wish the customer service was a little better but other then that I ate my food left with my belly full and happy.
3_star Atmosphere is cool. Fish tacos are fresh but missing something in the taste. Steak tacos were better. Make reservations. I would go back but not hurry back.
4_star Went here on a fluke, what a gem! Food was great, wine superb, wait staff excellent. More expensive than I thought it should be, but it was a good time.
1_star Bottom line: This was my first time in and I won't be back. I went to dinner last night with a group of 10 other women for a bachelorette dinner. We had reservations for 7:30 and when we showed up, we were shown to our table in the back pretty quickly...however we were told they were out of menus. Um, what? Our server showed up and asked us what we wanted to drink, and then we proceeded to wait approximately 20 minutes for drinks. When we ordered drinks, we also ordered guacamole and queso dip. In all this time, we still had not received menus. One of the women in our group went up to the front to ask for menus and was told she could only have 6. The guacamole was made at the table and was decent. However, no queso to be found. Our orders for food were taken (various people were still missing drinks, mind you) and then we waited for food. The queso finally came out right before our food and had the film on top that you get when warm cheese sits too long....yuck. I wasn't impressed. When the food came out, it was a disaster (as was expected). The servers were calling out what they had then trying to figure out where on the table it went. Also one pair had decided to share a dish and ordered it as vegetarian, with no meat. It came out with chicken. Again, all during this process, people were missing drinks. I ordered the camarones escondidos and while the grilled chicken was flavorful, the rice (half a scoop at best) was clearly pre-made, almost like from a box. Dehydrated peas were included that weren't rehydrated enough. Earlier in the night, someone had ordered a pitcher of margaritas. After a 30 minute wait with no margarita pitcher in sight, we asked for it. The waiter said oh you need another? We said we never received the first one. They brought it out in 5 minutes and it tasted like sweet and sour mix in water. And at $30 a pitcher!!!!!!!!! Someone had ordered a bottle of champagne, which was served to us in flute glasses, except they had to go back to the kitchen to get more glasses because they hadn't brought out enough for the whole table. Those who received their champagne in the second round of glasses all had dirty glasses!!!!!! You could see and feel the dirt/soap/whatever it was on the glasses. Two of us went and spoke with the manager about how the evening was less than stellar, there were missed orders all night, missed drinks, the watery margaritas, etc. He was apologetic and took the pitcher of margaritas off the menu...and that was it. I was extremely disappointed in the whole process. While we were there for a bachelorette, this was pre-going out, so no one was drunk, no one was rude, it was supposed to be a pleasant dinner and was anything but. Again, I will not be back to this restaurant and I would encourage you to save your time and money and go somewhere else.
1_star Slow rude service very busy. The women literally said it has only been twenty five minutes when I asked where the food was. Don't go
5_star Enoodles is the BOMB! Hands down the best place in town. Always fresh, always delicious, service is top notch! The sush is amazing!!! 5*s!
3_star Dined there last night with friends, and while the food would definitely merit a 5 out of 5 stars, the service was probably one of the worst I've had. I understand they were very busy, and had a lot of things going on (large party in the other room), large parties in the main room - but there's a way to be busy, and gracious, without so much...tension? It was outright awkward. One person in the party didn't get their food, then another guest was accused of taking that dish - but I guess the server didn't punch in the order correctly for the ticket? It was just weird and uncomfortable. Another guest asked for help in getting drinks ordered, and no one would respond. I'd have typically given it 1 star, but hopefully I came here on an atypical night, and would like to give them the benefit of the doubt...or maybe suggest take-out to fellow yelpers? :)
1_star Not for Gluten Free or vegetable loving diners. The Khao Soi tofu takeout from Wednesday night was truest disappointment and still lingering with me- The noodles were wheat egg noodles!! There were NO vegetables (unless we count 4 minuscule rounds of scallion)! When arriving home w takeout and excitedly opening containers, the noodles looked suspiciously of wheat. I called requesting noodle ingredients and received so much attitude of how inconvenient (on a Weds night) it was to check. Yep, wheat so I tossed them. I ate the coconut curry broth which had fair flavor but no vegetables then immediately had a horrible whole body reaction. No, I had not done anything or eaten anything unusual in the previous 48 hours. At pick-up I glanced at plates on tables noticing a dearth of vegetables. Never returning, veggie-free/wheat noodle using Thai cuisine? What!! gluten intolerant and/or traditional Thai cuisine loving travelers beware.
5_star Amazing, delicious, interesting food with recipes that they create themselves, and the owner was attentive to us and super friendly.. Going back often.
3_star Everything is just okay. Nothing surprise me or let me down. Probably, next time, I will try the fruit plates. Crêpe is too sweet.
2_star I was in Las Vegas this past weekend to gamble and have a little fun. My friends and I got drunk and were craving for some PHO. It's the best thing to eat when you are drunk and wasted. We found a place off the strip that was open 24 hours. I walked in and was very impress on how clean and nice the restaurant look. It was packed but lucky the place was big so we didn't have to wait long. I ordered a large bowl of Pho Tai and we had two plates of egg rolls for the five of us. I would have to say my friends and I were very disappointed with what we ordered. I couldn't describe the flavor in the broth. It seem like they just bought the cubes you buy at supermarket to make pho and stuck in the pot. The egg rolls were thin and barely had any meat. One of my friends ordered Hu Tieu and didn't finish it because it wasn't good. I guess if you are in Vegas and drunk after clubbing than it wouldn't hurt to check this place out since it's the only Pho restaurant open 24 hours over there. I give it a two rating because the place was nice and clean.
4_star Excellent food. Not your everyday pad Thai. Excellent service. Can be relaxed or formal.
3_star A nice view of the lake and music at times. Remember why you are going there and in particular why you are sitting at an outside table. The atmosphere is great any time of the day or night. The food, as you would expect, is fair to good and, as always, service is optional.
3_star nice environment and decor, looks classic and fancy. Went on a Wednesday for a friends gathering and was quite empty. We were the youngest group there. Our server had a poker face and she seemed absentminded, or did not know her things well enough. Ordered Grilled sea scallops ($19.95) as an appetizer. Fresh scallops grilled to perfection. Yukon potato gnocchi, pan seared 'Terra Style' ($23.95) Risotto was ordered but they did not have risotto which I thought was really weird and offered to use the same ingredients served on rigatoni. The same price as the risotto (quite unreasonable). Casarecce Arrabiatta $16.95 verdit: The entres ordered were small and salty.
2_star I went there yesterday. The price is cheaper than before, but the food and service was definitely not the same as before......
1_star Well, I was excited. I had a Buy one Get one free coupon from Facebook. So I called my brother and talked to him and his wife, and we decided to drive out there and make a day of it. I drove 40 minutes to my brothers house, picked them up, and drove 25 minutes to Café Rio. We waited about 25 minutes in line, and after we ordered our food the very rude lady behind the counter told us that we had to print our coupons. I find it super interesting that we had to print our coupons, because I went to the café Rio on Saturday in Chandler and they used the one on my phone just fine. The food tasted good, but the service was worse than bad. If a customer has a coupon, it doesn't matter if it's digital or on paper; we are in the 21st-century. I doubt we will be going back because of this experience.
4_star I do love the food. I don't love the service. Mexican culture is known to be a hospitable culture, and I'm just not feeling great hospitality here. I have been here twice, and will probably go again since it is one of the only Mexican restaurants in the Cleveland area that serves real tacos, and aguas frescas (i.e. horchata, jamaica). But I just wish that my next server doesn't make me feel like I'm bothering her when I ask for a refill. Also a big plus, they don't use lard.
2_star You know a place is bad when the best thing you ate all night were chicken wings! Started the meal with the Japanese Street Corn... Actually fairly decent but I'd take the real Mexican Street corn (elote) over this excuse any day. With the corn we had the kurobuta sausage skewer or what should be called smoked frankfurter with a piss poor excuse for condiments... Some brown, green & red powder with "sea salt!" Next was my wife's tempura "udon". No lie, it was linguine, not the fat doughy udon noodles we're all used to. The broth taste like brown water, completely tasteless... The tempura coating was actually on point though. Wow the snow crab fried rice. Next to the udon, worst dish of the night. Came with soft scrambled egg and the worst excuse for crab meat I've seen at a restaurant. Again, completely bland and tasteless! The worse thing about this place though was the service. Took forever to get our drinks, food came out so slow I needed a new haircut by the time our meal was done. This place is on Eaters Top 38, and they should be ashamed of themselves, I don't know what inept child awarded them this status but they have seriously lost me respect. Half of the menu was unavailable due to a "bad meat delivery." The owner telling us, " we only serve the freshest food, so we had to send the meat back." Yet they're still serving bulgogi that he claimed is marinated daily, chicken wings & foie gras (which was a joke too). Cmon guys... Go to KJs Kitchen in the same parking lot for some above average Chinese Food... This place is wack!
3_star The food here was great!... once we finally got it. We had a party of 9 and they brought out all the food seperatly. By the time i got mine 6 people were done eating already. Out of 10 i give the food a 9 but the service gets a 5.
3_star This review is based on my visit on July 23rd, 2015. I actually went here, primarily at least, to use a coupon for a free slice of pie with adult entree purchase. When we walked in, it was quiet and there were plenty of tables available, with one group paying for their meal at the counter. I stood there for at least three minutes waiting for a hostess to seat me, which is ridiculous considering there were multiple staff members roaming around doing, well, nothing. After sitting down, our waitress came over and took my drink order, which was promptly filled. She returned and I placed my order, the Ultimate Breakfast, featuring pork sausage, bacon, ham, and a small stack of pancakes. To my delight, she asked how I wanted my eggs cooked, though eggs weren't even listed in the description for the Ultimate Breakfast. I waited for my food for a bit, and it was very tasty, though the ham steak was very tough. Nothing beats a bit of strawberry syrup on those pancakes! Afterwards, I ordered a slice of the Chocolate Caramel Delight pie, which was absolutely to die for - a great way to end a rather blah meal. Overall, this Village Inn met my expectations. The waitstaff was not the best, but certainly acceptable. For a national chain, the food is pretty good. I would definitely come back if I had a coupon or if I was looking for a budget breakfast in the area.
5_star Best sushi I've ever had!!! The Oh My God Sushi is amazing!!! OMG!! The philadelphia roll was awesome too!
5_star My family and I stumbled upon Japanese Curry Zen after 5 days of mediocre, overpriced food on the Strip. It was by far the most memorable meal of our Vegas adventure. I lived in Japan for three years and make curry rice at home quite often. This was the real deal; spicy, flavorful Japanese-style curry with several interesting additions. I tried the tacoyaki appetizer and it was great. Highly recommended, especially if you've never had Japanese curry before.
2_star The potatoes they use contain too much sugar, resulting in dark brown chips with an off flavor. Fish was dry. I won't be back.
2_star This place has really gone downhill. IF you can get a drink (last time I was there, they served their regulars at the bar and totally ignored me repeatedly until I finally asked a waitress how to get a drink at the bar.) The fish fry has been out of rye bread the last two times, and the time before that, it was stale. Also, the breading falls off of the cod, and the perch must be coming from a different distributor, as it is extremely fishy tasting. Coleslaw was good - they must be using the same recipe for that. Too bad- I used to really look forward to dining here.
5_star Experienced the X for the first time. It was magnificant. We could not decide what app to get, so we got two. The sliced tomato's and moz cheese, basil and the the shrimp spring rolls. Both very good. I liked the spring rolls best. We split a salad. Forgot they have a good variety of beer. Some interesting choices. I had the Marlin special. Very good, served with mashed sweet potatoes and green beans. My wife had the salmon. I had to try that, it was very good. Great selection of desserts. We really went all out. It was so good. Service was excellent. Someone was always asking if we needed something. The owner was very active in the whole evening. I feel that when school starts it may be hard to get in without reservations. We will be going back. It's small enough that the staff is not rushed. They take really good care of you. Very good experience.
5_star Great food and very affordable prices! Had the carnitas burrito and rolled tacos. Everything was fresh and flavorful.
1_star not enough meat on the shawarma sandwhich, you get more meat on a roberto's burrito for half the price
2_star Now I know what happened to all the velvet glow-in-the-dark rock band posters on clearance at Spencer gifts: They wound up here. Aren't hippies known for things like recycling and being conscious about....stuff? While the decor is, um....sweet and reminiscent, and strangely overloaded with license plates and interesting things, the menu is....not. Standard issue eggs, omelets, and scramble-bowls on plastic plates with all disposable utensils, cups and accompanying ware. Pretty wasteful in a time when we are being asked to re-use things more and more. And don't forget all the styrofoam conatiners. Shameful. To fluff up the size of your dish, the kitchen plops your eggs on top of the crappiest cubed potatoes I've ever had. Tasteless squares of barely cooked taters that would send any Irishman into verbal convulsions of "Jesus Mary and Joseph preserrrrve us!". While the prices are decent, the food just isn't. If it's labeled "Orida" and can be dumped from a plastic bag onto the griddle, you'll probably find it on this menu, which isn't saying much. While I'll give the designers points for having an old piano inside and for making the staff duck under a vintage bike to hand you your order, kitsch just doesn't cut it with this place. It's a bit like Jerry Garcia's personal vision of Chuck-E-Cheese for deadheads...who don't have to worry about their tastebuds working properly after a night of shrooming. The "Hippies" franchise is expanding much too quickly and can't keep up with it's own ass. I highly recommend slowing it down a bit and concentrating on your food quality - isn't that the hippie style anyway?
2_star I've been to Café Hollywood a few times. I've also been in City Hollywood as well, but I must say, City Hollywood is a lot better as they serve all their food whenever you want, so there's no specific time of when you can order it. Cafe Hollywood also does not a variety of foods for vegetarians (as City Hollywood does). For all the times I've been there, I've only ordered the french toast.
2_star I don't know how else to describe how my rib and chicken combo tasted, other than maybe lukewarm leftovers topped with mothballs. It was just gross. The coleslaw was ok. The rice pilaf tasted about a week old... But the meat... Ugh... How is this place known for their ribs? Dry, overly chewy, and no effort to take off the inedible silver skin. The chicken was just kind of ok. I'll just avoid this place from now on.
5_star Nice atmosphere, not too noisy, good eats, good service. Food prepared just right and servers were paying attention and checking on us. Breakfast was good
1_star Very unhappy with the whole experience, the food was cold and pretty tasteless the desert was stale and tasted like it had been sitting there forever!
2_star This was the second time I have eaten there. The first time was great, over a year ago. Now, I was there with my family on a night that was'nt very busy. Too start, they tried to cram us into a small booth, then everytime we asked the server for anything (i.e. ex-napkins, condiments, drinks...etc) she would disappear for twenty minutes. The food (which was all supposed to be fresh) was dry and unappatizing. Overall a very bad experience.
5_star This was my favorite Chinese place in Charlotte. Their sesame chicken is unlike any other kinds I've tasted. This place is under new management recently and I'm still happy with all the service and the food. The new renovations look great as well.
4_star This place is CASH ONLY! If you find yourself in sin city... do not miss an opportunity to try the roast pork - it is "delicioso". The roast pork is listed on the menu as "Roasted Belly Pork". We have tried roast pork at plenty of restaurants in Monterey Park, SF Chinatown, Cupertino, Hong Kong, Vancouver Chinatown, etc... and this place has one of the best "chanchito" around! We ordered won ton with noodles soup and the noodles were not overcooked and Hong Kong style. Soup broth was just okay. Also had a Yang Chow Fried Rice that was a bit on the greasy side, but acceptable if you are hungry. We will definitely come back for the roast pork on our next visit to Las Vegas.
2_star My girlfriend and I came here a few years ago to celebrate our anniversary and were greatly disappointed. Food was plated beautifully and with finnesse but that's about it... Food is extremely over priced for such small servings and the service was okay... A bit sluggish. I asked for my steak medium rare and it was medium well bordering well done. Haven't gone back as we know other locations with better food at lower prices.
2_star Italian hoagie, no capicola, asked for banana peppers there were 5 of them on the whole hoagie. Basically ham cheese and bun. Overpriced and under flavored. I can't believe I gave them a 1.85 tip to pick this up. One and done.
3_star French onion soup was watery with little taste. We sent it back and were refunded the cost. The wait staff also forgot that we were there for a birthday and didn't bring out a candle for dessert. On the plus side my trout was wonderful and my wife enjoyed her scallops. We've been a number of times but this last meal has tarnished that "must visit" image. Pricing is reasonable for Vegas and reservations can usual be booked same day.
2_star I paid $50 to stand in line for 2.5 hrs. for dinner on the day after Christmas. I was thoroughly disappointed by the variety offered and the taste of the food. They have different stations offering Chinese, Japanese, American, Mexican, Italian and Seafood. The Seafood station offered crab legs, raw oysters and shrimp, but you have to stand in line for that. There was variety, yes, but that doesn't mean they give you the good stuff. All I remember was the impression I got was they gave me a wide variety of cheap stuff. I ate mostly American. I couldn't find mashed potatoes. The roast beef was chewy even though it was medium rare, but the prime rib was o.k. The variety of American food was very limited. The fruits weren't even ripe. The desserts tasted strange. Many of the ice cream had peppermint mixed in, and you would never know it since they look like regular ice cream. I got a chocolate ice cream and ended up not eating it because it had peppermint. I got the tiramisu and it was very heavy. The creme brulee had some other flavor in it; can't remember whether it was berry or peppermint; I didn't finish it. The chocolate creme brulee was so sweet I COULDN'T finish it. My family has never had so many unfinished items from a buffet (we don't normally waste food). We are never going back again. Definitely overpriced.
1_star I'd love to write a review but this place is closed an Sunday! Not happy at all. A 24/7 town and a NY bagel place, as they say they are, is CLOSED??? Are you kidding me????? You'd NEVER find a closed bagel place in NY. SMH
5_star New spot in Uptown and it is exactly what's been needed here for a long time. I travel to Charlotte quite often and while it's a pleasant city, the dining scene leaves a lot to be desired. Angeline's is hands down going to fill that void. The room is beautiful, the food is on point and the cocktail program was put together by someone who is in touch with the trends of larger/more advanced drinking cities. I went on opening night and it was packed. There were small clues that it was their first night but the overall experience was spot on. Shout out to Ron for the great service. Whole fish, sausage pizza and frito misto are all highly recommended.
5_star This is the second weekend in the row I've been here with my wife and 3 kids. It's a different restaurant from a year ago, as all the complaints about slow service/seating no longer apply. They had 2 hosts to seat people, a waitress that came to our table no less than 6 times and support staff to deliver and remove food. Awesome service and friendly to boot. The kid's menu rocks. For $3.50, you get 2 huge pancakes and bacon or sausage, something other local restaurants would charge $5 - $6 for. The Egg & I Omlette I ordered was top hotel restaurant quality. I'm a breakfast fanatic, live in the Chandler area, and my opinion is they serve up the best breakfast by far. It's too bad the startup service in 2009 was shakey, because this is now 5 stars all the way.
4_star My go to Chinese restaurant. Very convenient location. Food comes very quick. Just avoid coming on their busy hours. Their steamed whole fish was actually good. I prefer their fried squid tentacles better than in the other congee restaurants.
4_star In honor of completing our first year of grad school (celebration was a few weeks late but so what) some friends and checked out this place. We had all heard of it but none of us had been before. All we knew was that it was a place for us to have a drink or two or three. Who's counting. My friends are beer connoisseurs or enthusiasts if you will. I on the other hand am not. I don't know the first thing about beer except that what I've had in the past I didn't like. Fruity cocktails are more my speed. So, I was thinking to myself great I'm going to have to sit here and watch my friends celebrate as I sip on a Sprite. Woohoo! Lo and behold there are mixed beer combos that are sweet. Yay!!! Who knew. Maybe you did but I sure didn't. I had the Hummingbird H20 and it was yummy. I then tried the Snakebite which wasn't as yummy but it wasn't terrible. Our server was great and really knowledgeable about all of the drinks (the Snakebite wasn't her recommendation for me but I was being adventurous). Which is quite impressive since there are hundreds to choose from. Greatest part was that the drinks were cheap. Only $5 a piece for my tall glasses of brew. Definitely a great place to chill with good people and kick back a few. There's also a full menu. Always best to drink on a full stomach just something I learned over the years :-)
4_star me & my boyfriend go there almost every sunday for brunch. love it. their roast beef benito is amazing with spicy holidaise sauce! yummers
1_star Had the worst experience ever at this location. I had the unfortunate event of ordering my food and getting home to find that my order was wrong!!! I ordered TWO chicken bowls , one for me and one for my husband. Along with 2 chicken legs for my 2 small kids,,, well not to mention that not only did I have to miss out on dinner with my family and drive back 15MINUTES , but I also got such a disapontment with the managers way of "fixing" things. Since they did not get my order right and failed to add a second chicken bowl to my order the "kind" store manager was going to give me 2 free chicken bowls ( I would get home and have 3 chicken bowls) ,,, I said no , I don't need 3 chicken bowls I only need what I ordered 2 chicken bowls. I said I wanted my order refund since I had to drive back and miss dinner with my family and my time and gas is not free , and giving me a 3rd bowl would not work since we are only two at home. The assistant manager Guillermo said no, his boss the store manager told him I get 2 bowls and that's it!! When I asked him what he wanted me to do with the third extra bowl that I didn't need, he shrug his shoulders and said that's all you get. He got his store manager on the phone and I got the same attitude from him. I'm not pleased that they tried solving the problem by being wasteful with food after I told them it was no good since no one would eat it and would just be WASTED FOOD. They could of just refunded my order of only $20, APPOLIGIZED for their mistake instead of giving me attitude , saved a paying coustomer, and NOT HELD UP THEIR DRIVE THRU LINE for another 15 minutes and piss off even more customers. As a business owner my self, I would rather lose $20 and keep my coustomer happy and coming back ,,,than to anger them by "fixing" my mistake with what I THINK is right even after the fact they just told me it would be wasteful. As I was leaving with my one chicken bowl the asistant Guillermo was so apologetic and said if it was up to him it would have been a different story. I wonder if he really sympathized to see me so irritated or if he just said that since I asked for regional managers information. Sooo what did I leave with after that? Just the 1 chicken bowl that was missing to begin with ,,, AND STILL WRONG!!! I asked for no tomatoes or pico de gallo,,,and yes sir, sure enough my food had pico de gallo on it when I got home. I even double checked that the only tomatoes on it was the one from the pico and the lady said yes. It's sad since I'm pregnant and have been having cravings of their pollo bowl and I had been there 3 TIMES THIS WEEK. Still have proof of my receipts that I plan on e -mailing their regional manager Jose Camarena. Shame on me for not reading their reviews before going to this location. Sad to read so many people are dissatisfied as well with this location.
4_star Wow.. What an amazing deal for happy hour! You get great deals on Martini's and Burgers at a fine dining Steakhouse!! If you haven't tried it.. You must!!!
3_star I like The Firefly. Lots of space to work or hang out. But here's the catch. It's not clean. They really need to get their act together. Bathrooms are a bit icky and the tables and floors frequently have food on them. Simple concept....clean every day. And some of the young girls working here need an attitude adjustment....stop the feeling entitled routine and get some manners.
4_star The Great Dane is a favorite local place for my husband and I. It has okay beers, and they tend to revise favorite dishes like the Inner Warmth Peanut Stew, and...the staff is kind of hit and miss...BUT we've had far more positive experiences than negative here. Their menu offers a lot of different options and most are very good. Their downstairs bar and beer garden are fun, interesting spaces. A familiar, comfortable place to grab some food and play casual pool.
1_star We always look forward to going to Flancer's when we come back to AZ for the winter. I usually order the hoagie & bacall italian. I was, to say the least very disappointed. Had to look very hard to find the meat on the hoagie. I ordered hash browns as my side and got room temperature, at best, American fries. I told the waitress that I ordered hash browns and she said that the owner considered those were hash browns. At Subway you can get an Italian footlong sub for $6 that is 100% better than Flancer's $11 sub. Sorry Flancer's we will not be returning and will pass the word to our friends.
5_star My husband and I love this place. The best!!! The food is amazing... We just ordered... Excited lol
1_star Been here three times. My last time here!! Service was ok apart from the fact the server had no idea about the wine or how much it cost. Calamari was sent back we ordered several plates of this and all were sent back. Mussels came half open half closed , clams were like rubber. Our whole party had issues with their apps! Nachos had one shrimp and was so congealed it was unrecognizable ! If your going to offer Moscow mules on the menu please know how to make it and have the right cups !
4_star Friendly great staff. Some of the sushi is good, and some average. It's pretty expensive. You can get a table with the view of the Strip. I had the Salmon which was good but just expensive. Lol.
3_star Takes forever. Service is shitty. But the food is above average. Don't come if you have anything to do in the next two hours.
5_star Harry's is awesome. The brunch is perfect, the staff is friendly, the location is wonderful. What more could you ask? We go there every weekend.
5_star It's so good, we enjoyed their food 3 times this past week. Lasagna, chicken wings, and pizza... All fantastic!
5_star This is my first time here and I'll start by saying that I saw the reviews so I already expected it to be great. I am vegan. I came here for my birthday with my cousin who isn't vegan. We both really enjoyed ourself. I got the loaded nachos. He got a chicken quesadilla. We ordered guacamole as a starter. It was really good, I just wish there was more avocado. The flavor was delicious though. My nachos were really good. I liked the veggie mix. We also ordered dessert. I got the dessert nachos and my cousin got the churros. We both got ice cream with them. The chocolate ice cream is a must! All of this for only $48! Great buy, good atmosphere. We would definitely come back again.
4_star Took my aunt and uncle from Hawaii to dinner here last week. Everything was delicious! The portions were pretty big and the staff was super attentive. Next time I will be trying the Japanese potato salad.
5_star Good coffee doesn't necessarily need good space... but in most cases they go hand in hand. Cafe Falco is just a delight to sit in. Spacious, and minimalist but still warm-- now that's a good combination. When I visited it was quiet and calm which provided an ideal environment for me to do some work. However, I did visit an hour before closing time, so I have no doubt that was the reason. I ordered a large coffee ( I was given 2 choices, a small or large) and it was served in a Japanese ceramic cup which was a nice change. I ordered the coffee of the day and it was strong but not overwhelming. Coffee is brewed with Siphon Coffee Makers or vac pots which I had never seen before and because it was my first time having coffee made that way I can't really say how it particularly changes the flavor of the coffee. Regardless, the coffee was great. Didn't get to try their food (which I hear is really delicious) but they had small snacks like cookies at the counter. Overall, a cafe that I hope will stay around for a very long time.
2_star Not good at all. We went in around two on Veterans day. Saw the pizza cook swat a fly over a giant pizza and miss it, but instead knock a shelf that held a magic marker and his drink which both fell on to the pizza. He removed them and proceeded to cut and serve the pizza. We later joked about the cleanliness when we saw him go to the bathroom. We waited to hear the loud hand dryer in the mens room. We never heard it. We did see him exit with wet hands. My calzone was definitely undercooked.Rest of food was okay. Even the cashier was really out of it and not helpful or warm and greeting. Gladly there are many other pizza places to try.
2_star Good food Valet only Far too loud inside. Had to yell and repeat myself constantly to a person just 3ft away. And had to cup my ear to hear others. One of the bench tables has no back - so you get to either bump into the people in back of you or lean far forward into your table. Bar is very small. Won't be back. Too bad. The food is pretty good.
5_star One of the best experiences I have had in Vegas. Food, drink, decor, outdoor patio and vibe. The chicken and waffle sandwich was great.
3_star Not authentic ramen. Broth was ok, but that's about it. The noodles are not good and the pork are too thick and dry. Won't order the ramen again, if there's a next time.
2_star Just OK - got take out from here - all 3 items we ordered were very salty. We did like the Asian slaw - different and tasty. Do not anticipate going back.
3_star Decent beer selection and an alright bar menu make this place worth checking out for a game. TVs are located at every booth. My favorite dish here has to be the roasted half chicken with mashed potatoes and roasted vegetables.
1_star Terrible. Don't waste your time or money. They only have one waiter to handle the entire place and he is so scripted he doesn't make any connection to the customers. He's just working for tips. The food is not to my liking the marinara sauce is way too sweet for my taste. It's also expensive for what you get. I will never go back to that place. I'll go back to the Avanti. Location is not great but the food and service is so far above this place it's not even a consideration.
4_star A fun little sandwich shop with unique combinations. It's a good size sandwich for the price, but everything else has to be purchased separate. They don't have tap water, only bottled water, pop and iced teas. The staff was really friendly and offered some suggestions to us on the best sandwiches to get and the usuals.
4_star Just eat the drunken noodles and the peanut sauce. Just do it. I love this place, although I do agree that it isn't quite as good as it was a few years ago. It's still the best druken noodles and peanut sauce in my book.
2_star Food was mediocre at best, not to mention far too pricey. I had ordered the burger with a side of fries and a drink, but instead received a salad instead of fries. When inquiring about the mix up, I was told "You happy? No? You eat salad". After being ignored for the next 20 minutes and subsequently eating the salad I was served, I finally managed to convince the owner to give me my plate of fries. The service was excruciatingly slow, though the supposed " jazz" (a single piano) was okay. Overall I give this restaurant bar a rating of 2 stars, since I did eventually receive my fries.
1_star after a few years of not eating here cuz it was terrible, I thought I'd give it another try. here's my thoughts.. still the worst food ever.. pad Thai fishy tasting. ruined the taste of Thai tea, very expensive for the horrible food. will never eat here again.
3_star Pretty good food. Prices are a little high. Poor customer service. Really weird hours. I could skip it but it's the best white pizza I've found in Charlotte.
2_star The chicken and waffles were DRY. I like the idea of having an entire chicken served on top of a waffle, but the breading was flavorless and one of the pieces was pink on the inside.
5_star I lived in the apartments right next door to Scramble and went there every morning for coffee. Not only is their coffee delicious, but their food is AWESOME. The staff is young and hipster-ish, but very nice. Never had any problems with service or food. The coffee is a little pricey IMO ($2.61 for a cup) but other than that, this is one of the best breakfast places around!
4_star I'm always surprised at how hard it is to find good Pad Thai but this was always good. Service was usually good. I would do both sit down and carry out and had good experiences with both. Mainly remember this place for the solid Pad Thai. Nice people. Cash only.
2_star I used to go to this location often. I would order the Junior gyro and a side of gyro meat that I would take home and have with a salad and my doggies! The staff was always young but friendly and nice. Today I went and ordered my regular. I immediatly noticed that it was about $3 more than in the past. I balked and the black girl behind the counter said that they had raised all their prices apologetically. I commented that the side of meat must be a huge portion for that price. The food came and it was LESS meat than I have ever received before. The side of meat was pretty much the same as the Gyro. The girl apologised and offered to make me some more. I said that would be fine. A minute later this young white girl came over to ask what the problem was. She said that was the amount of meat that was served and I could get a refund if I wanted. I told her I used to come here a lot and the portion had gone down but the price went up. Her response was that she had worked there for 7 years and it was always the same amount. I again commented that I am a regular ( never seen her before) and that this is not what I usually got. She told me she is the general manager of several locations and quoted what she probably learned in fast food supervisor training in a tone of voice that you get out of an exasperated teenager that thinks they know best. At this point out of principle I said I would take the refund. I hope they did not reuse the meat! Even though their food is decent it is now priced on par with a restaurant. If I wanted snotty teenaged managers I would just go to McDonalds. You will have a better experience with Paymons or Stephanos where they have a great atmosphere and booze. Just read the other reviews and I will add that it is usually fairly clean and with the exception of the "manager" the staff has usually been pretty cool.
1_star Ooh don't come here for the fish and chips unless you like a vat a grease with them. I could practically squeeze it out of the limp fries and the fish was soaked as well. My mouth was coated in the rancid taste. Our waitress could barely expend any effort or enthusiasm. Needless to say, this is on our do not return list.
2_star So mediocre. Menu limited. High priced. Don't go unless you want corned beef.
2_star Oof, completely underwhelmed. I'll address the food first as I'd hope folks are coming for that and not because it's part of the Michael Symon cult of personality. Having come from Chicago where they do some amazing burgers (Kuma's anyone?), perhaps my expectations were a bit high. Honestly though, the burgers at a place like Rally's are WAY better than here. I ordered the bacon cheeseburger medium and it was about as dry and tasteless as something that'd been sitting under the heat lamps at a turnpike rest stop restaurant. From reading other reviews, the inability to cook a burger correctly seems to be a pervasive issue. Also ordered the Lola fries since they sounded delicious on the menu, but a big 'meh' there as well. Oh, one other thing, their website acknowledges everything is cooked in lard, but it's not mentioned anywhere on their actual menus at the restaurant. Not a problem for me, but if I hadn't checked ahead of time and then re-confirmed with the waitstaff, my vegetarian wife would've been severely disturbed to say the least. Not that a vegetarian would make this place a destination, but they could be dragged along as part of a bigger group like she was. They plop down a cart of sauces to throw on your burger or dip with your fries, but nothing exceptional there. The manner in which the waitress presented everything on the table ties into another distasteful problem reflected in other reviews, the whole 'you're lucky to even be sitting here' mentality. If you're gonna pull that shit, you damn well better deliver. The overbearing rules posted everywhere and arrogance, even though they're situated in a freaking suburban strip mall and serving subpar pub food, is laughable. Next!
2_star We had Sunday Brunch at Pancho's. The hostess offered both the dinner menu and the brunch menu. We decided to have brunch. The brunch is supposed to come with fresh fruit and champagne, neither was offered to us by the waiter. I had to ask about the fruit and it was brought out towards the end of the meal rather than a starter. Never offered champagne. Then I asked about the bunuelos which are also included with brunch. Waiter came back with flan because they did not have any more bunuelos. When the check came, my order was charged $3.00 more than the price on the menu!!! Very disappointed Pancho's.
3_star Koto was average. The service, and the sushi were ok. The atmosphere is pretty nice.
4_star This is not a sushi joint so don't go expecting sushi though they do serve some. Nagasaki Grill is about as close to a Japanese Ramen/Udon/Soba shop as you'll find in Arizona. The owners are friendly and they even have the summer seasonal cold Saimin noodle dishes I like. My favorite dish is the Champon, it's a huge bowl of rich broth w/ ramen like noodles, napa cabage, and pork belly slices. It reminds me of my dads cooking.
1_star Not sure what the hype is. Probably the worse meal I've had. Burger was soggy and there was too much sauce. When the patty slips and slides out of the bun while you try to eat it, there's something wrong. Fries were stale and oily. My husband's Avocado club wasn't any better. Burger itself was bland, the bacon cold, and avocado was not fresh at all. Definitely not worth the $22 I paid.
4_star Hugo's is a Vegas landmark and an old school experience not to be missed. Let me be perfectly clear that it is in the Four Queens Hotel, a dive hotel on the old strip with the parking lot to match. That said, when you step down the stairs into Hugo's Cellar you are in an entirely different environment. Ladie's are greeted with a rose and the setting is very romantic (dark wood walls, candlelight). Service is excellent and they have some great sommeliers. They have a very good wine list and serve complementary bottled water, as well as a nice bread basket with cheese-toasted lavash and rose-shaped butter. Their salads are the highlite, included with your meal and freshly prepared on a cart at your table. Toppings like hearts of palm and bay shrimp and delicious dressings- try the orange walnut vinaigrette. You are served an intermezzo sorbet to cleanse the palatte (raspberry on a mini cone). Dinner is very traditional- chicken, fish, and steaks served with a potato and vegetable. Not especially gourmet or cutting edge, but very old school classic and part of the experience. They offer traditional desserts such as bananas foster prepared tableside, and they bring a complementary dessert of chocolate covered strawberries, dried figs, and apricots served with whipped cream. This restaurant is great and remeniscent of old Vegas, definitely a must try.
4_star I had lunch here the other day and was thoroughly impressed. It is definitely a place that will require a couple more visits just to get through the must-have list of dishes. The smoked trout appetizer was great and the ham on challah with egg was straight up naughty. The one hitch was that it was cold outside and when the door opened, our table 5 feet from it, was blasted with a Cleveland gust of winter.
2_star It was crowded as expected on a Friday night. We were seated in a booth with a huge tear in the seat. I wasn't expecting much from a bar/restaurant, but was hoping for a better meal. We ordered the fried zucchini appetizer and was very disappointed when the plate arrived with 4 tiny strips. The rest of our food came quickly and was just ok. Probably won't return because of the disappointing experience.
2_star Went with a group of friends on New Year's Eve, it wasn't busy yet the service was bad. There were enough servers for the amount of guests that night, however none of them really wanted to make our dining experience a memorable one. The food was okay; their pasta was too hard, sauce was too salty. The bread for starter was cold and it wasn't even fresh. My point is, if you're not gonna put all effort into serving something, you might as well not serving nothing at all. Don't do anything half-assed. The ambiance was good, I liked the atmosphere the restaurant and its decoration was giving. The servers weren't pleasant to talk/interact with. Didn't ruin our New Year's Eve but it was a big disappointment.
5_star First time going because my friend said it was cute. Loved the service and their cake selection is huge!!!!
3_star This was our third time to this restaurant and the 3rd new owner. Based on how empty the place was I'm sure next time it will be the 4th owner. The daily seafood was lobster risotto and salmon. Its not 5 stars, but with real pieces of lobster it was well worth $19. Server was nice but sucked. When asked what is "this" (pointing), he said sauce. When asked what kind of bread came with a sandwich, he said it changes. Nice Guy but probably stoned. By the way the restaurant is beautiful.
1_star Horrible, Horrible, Horrible Customer Service from employees and Owner! We decided to try this place after they became a partner with Southwests Rapid Rewards Dining. On their website: http://www.shanesribshackarizona.com/Promotions/FamilyMealDeal/tabid/61/Default.aspx they advertise a $20 family meal deal for 1lb meat, 4 buns, 2 sides, 4 desserts and a gallon of tea. Sweet deal right? When my husband went in to pick up take-out, the employees said there was no such 'deal' and the only $20 deal they had was their 4 Big Daddy sandwiches for $20. He went ahead and got that deal since we were in the middle of a home improvement project and needed to get back to work. When he got home, we looked up the 'deal' and sure enough there it was still on their website. My husband called and got through to an employee after several attempts; she again said there is no such deal, but offered to give the phone to the owner. When the owner got on the phone he first denied that the deal exited and after he was told it's on the website, he said it must be another stores website. When we read the his stores address, unit, and phone number back to him from the top of the website, he gave up and 'thanked' us for letting him know that 'old' deal is still on the website and that he'd remove it. He said they don't do that deal anymore because they don't have the gallon teas. He then refused to honor the deal and make it right with us this time and only offered to take care of it "next time". That's not how good customer service works. If you make a mistake and then lie, lie, and lie about it, you need to fix the problem today....not "next time!" And to think, we were even interested in the catering menu for an upcomming birthday; well, not anymore!!
3_star Over all I like it, but its not going to be my main grocery run. I like having all the organic options, especially for the produce, beans and grains. I hate the parking situation, and their prices are significantly higher than I expect, even for organic.
2_star Four of us had dinner on 2/15. Everything started out fantastic, excellent view great appetizers. Had 2 chicken burrito's with red sauce, one chicken enchilada and one chili verde burrito. Three of us who ate the burrito's ended up sick for a week. Not sure if left overs from the Valentine's Day crowd. I read the reviews but not likely to return or if we do will partake in drinks and appetizers only.
5_star Three words: Sticky. Toffee. Pudding. Most people know I'm not big on desserts, but this deserves utmost praise. Moist pudding cake, sweet toffee, and brown butter ice cream -- "heavenly" doesn't even begin to describe it. You'll never know until you try it! Everything else we had was just as amazing (American Kobe rib cap, bone-in rib eye with foie grais). If you're not a fan of super heavy foods, however, I would not recommend the truffle mac and cheese. Service was phenomenal (staff was well-trained and knowledgable of the different cuts; if you need help deciding, they are more than happy to provide recommendations!) and the restaurant had a really trendy, modern vibe. It's clear that every detail in here was meticulously placed to serve the ultimate Gordon Ramsay experience -- from the symbolically significant light fixture that hangs above the room, to the "Tube" entryway that takes one from Paris to London. The restaurant is a celebration of Ramsay's culinary success, paying homage to some of his signature dishes. Any Ramsay fan will appreciate this one-of-a-kind dining experience.
1_star The food was good. The service was good. The beer was great. When I finished my meal, I told the bartender I was going out to get a growler to fill. That's when I found out Duckworth's will only fill their own growlers. i find that policy to be totally unacceptable. I'm not going back and I encourage beer lovers to stay away. There are lots of places with good food and great beer. I won't support a policy so at odds with the craft beer movement.
3_star The good ol' spaghetti factory's gotta be the safe choice for business lunches; especially when you may not know how many people will show up and whether or not it will fit everyone's dietary preferences. I'm on my 6 or 7 visits within the last year and a half - service has ALWAYS been courteous and very professional! The folks in the kitchen must have the formulas worked out - entree always arrive a few minutes after salad plate is cleared in military precision - literally. And if you're lucky they have this minty - chocolate ice cream with nuts to give you all the motivation you'd need to head back to the office!
4_star I have been coming here for lunch on weekdays for years now and the service is always what keeps me coming back, not to mention the Italian dishes are all very good. On a side not, I also love that they separate the smoking section off so you are not dining in a restaurant full of smoke (like in most other sports bar/grills). The salads are all very good choices especially the antipasto salad. And did I mention portion sizes... they are huge so I almost always end up taking some home for a quick dinner later on. Enjoy!
4_star Despite some of negative reviews for this place, i personally felt it was decent for an all you can eat. I was there for a weekend dinner and maybe i was lucky, the service i got was fast, medium friendly, food came really quick which was good for us hungry people, taste was decent too. Don't expect it to be AMAZING quality, but definitely fair value. I had lots of sashimi, too bad they didnt' have much tuna options.
5_star For years I rolled my eyes when people talked about "amazing" sandwich shops. "Seriously," I thought, "How can something as simple as a sandwich be amazing?" It wasn't until I walked into The Lunch Bag and had my first bite of their (amazing) sandwiches that I really understood. Unfortunately, I no longer work near Scottsdale, nor do I live anywhere remotely close. I've had to say my goodbyes, but I promise The Lunch Bag, my sweet, I will be back. (+ positive, - negative, -/+ neutral) + Good ole taste of Mom's cooking... 'cept it's not from her. I truly reconsidered how great my mother's sandwich making skills are after eating the Turkey Green Chili. Sorry Mom. Soups made from scratch, fresh meats and breads, AND COOKIES. + Excellent service. The ladies who work in the kitchen are always happy and cheerful. + Pick up orders / delivery. I personally always took a break from work to stop in, but you can call ahead and pick up, or have them deliver! -/+ Small dining area. This is mostly made to cater to the HUGE amount of local business there, so I'm not surprised they only have a handful of table and chairs. Still a nice place to stop for lunch if you need a break. :) + You'd think with all this awesomeness there HAS to be a catch with the cost. Nope. It's all affordable delicious goodness. Definitely competitive prices and I'd pick this place every time.
3_star The Aliante Feast Buffet is ok. Nothing there is spectacular or interestingly different, but I have never left feeling hungry. I've eaten all the buffets before, but we typically go for lunch every couple months when I have the spare points. I'm not certain I would ever pay full price for the food, as you can get a better buffet downtown at Main Street, where the food seems a bit fresher. The desserts are probably my favorite part. They have a variety of pies, as well as mini desserts Overall, if you are already in the area, it's fine, but don't go out of your way to visit this buffet, as you can get the same thing at whichever Station casino is closest.
2_star I first have to apologize to my fellow yelpers who had fairly warned me this place wasn't all that great. But I thought 'the place has been there around 30 years, it has to be good' and I held onto the glimmer of hope left by the good reviews. But I have to say I was left very disappointed with Burger Shack, and its thin unflavorful burger. I wasn't overly impressed with the french fries either, which had an odd taste to them, and the milkshake was a huge let down. I think I might have been somewhat ok with my burger had it not been just under $12 for my burger, fries and shake. I came home wishing I had gone to Craft Burger instead. And like other reviewers, I'm also left feeling confused at the two burger options....fresh or frozen.
2_star Usually come here for lunch and get the Japanese pork cutlet rice bowl. Its usually pretty decent and filling but I recently noticed a significant drop in quality. Last time I went, the pork cutlet looked like thin slices of ham... The free iced green tea that comes with every lunch is a plus though.
1_star After reading the previous reviews I thought I would try eating at Naga, I love Thai food, I placed an order for delivery and sat anxiously by the door for my food to arrive. I ordered two dinners, when my meal finally arrive, after paying, I found that the servings were lunch special servings. I called and asked if they serving sizes were correct, the lady apologized for taking my money but said that the servings were correct. Including tip I paid thirty dollars for a small soup bowl size of curry and about the same amount of Pad Thai. If they continue to do business this way, as most restaurants at that location, Naga will quickly become a thing of the past.
4_star Vitner Grille is the go to place to get a good meal and have a few drinks with friends when in Summerlin. The appetizers are unique and delicious. I attended a special event when a friends mother passed away and they did an excellent job of taking care of our group of about 25 people. One of my favorite things about Vitner is the decore which is hip, comfortable and elegant.
2_star I always think I'm going to love this place, but then when I'm actually there it's just not that great. Good for groups, though, because the tables turn over pretty fast.
5_star Had their standard lamb and beef gyro with fries, great all around, they definitely give you your money's worth. Would recommend to a friend
2_star I was very excited to see this place. It looked so great with many options but I wanted to start off simple so i ordered just a regular strawberry waffle. Sure the waffle was crispy but it had no flavor. I had the whip cream on the side and I had to eat it with each bite. So I didn't even eat thecwhole waffle. They had many different flavors and options though like fruits and nuts. Candy toppings and waffle sandwiches. But I'm not rushing back to try them.
3_star We were a family of 4 for ayce on a Sat evening. Food was above average, price higher than average, decor pleasant, and staff friendly. Now for the negative remarks. Service was very slow. Noise level was excessive for the price and nice decor. The problem was made worse by uncontrolled small children who yelled loudly and jumped on the seats. We will definitely not go back.
4_star I am not a regular Hookah enthusiast, but Mediterranean Hookah Lounge and Cafe was definitely a step up from previous Hookah bars I had been to. Rather then being stuffy and full of Hookah haze, the venue was pretty spacious and vibrant. On Friday they do Karaoke which was a lot of fun. Additionally, they have so many flavors to choose from and are extremely helpful when it comes to setting everything up!
2_star They have a great selection of beer. Their mixed drinks are ok. I was so impressed with the pizza that I brought my family back. Service is ok.... Their pizzas are definitely for big groups or for two with leftovers. The stars are for the pizza. It's really really good. The service is just that bad.
1_star After reading the great reviews I decided to visit yesterday with my 2 children. Started off fine when my hot chocolate I ordered showed up and went downhill from there. The whipped cream looked great however underneath that was lukewarm chocolate milk. I didn't complain because it wasn't the end of the world. I don't eat pork products so before ordering I made it clear with the server and asked if there were any other meat options for the breakfast burrito. The response was no which wasn't a big deal so I ordered the Mad Batter Skillet that states "Homemade biscuit, slice of quiche, topped with swiss cheese, carmelized mushrooms and onions, topped with creamy sirracha sauce". No mention of meat whatsoever! About 3 forks in I see meat and stopped the server to ask what it was, she says "I believe bacon and ham". I immediately pushed the dish away from me in disgust as she stood there. I showed her on the menu where it had no mention of meat under that entrée and she didn't even ask if I wanted anything else or anything before she walked off. The last straw was being fully charged for a dish I had only 3 forks of. Any other restaurant would have removed it from the bill without being prompted. I didn't ask because it was only $10 however it's small simple things like this that make me never return to a business again......and I won't be returning to this one for sure.
5_star Fantastic menu from chef Lupe - great service from Dragana - you made our 50th birthday celebration rock!! Make sure to try the grilled octopus...
2_star Food is good but the place is super dirty. The sofa and seats are dirty . The menus are oily. Lastly, the floor, especially under the tables are gross. The staff there simply push all the dirt from the table to the floor when they clean up the tables in between customers.
3_star Good food, working against not so great decor. I wasn't a fan of the paint. There is a reason you never see that 'avocado' green on walls, it is unappetizing. Maybe I just remember what the place used to look like, when it was the cozy Tortilla Feliz. Paint color aside, Bac has a great, varied menu. The heavily breaded sweat potato fries and spicy ketchup were really good. Bf loved the cold noodle salad. I loved the ginger dressing on my salad. The cucumber cocktail I ordered tasted like sugar water. Worst drink in a long long time.
1_star Saw the bartender take a lime wedge out of someone's finished mix drink and put it in mine before he served it to me.
5_star Always hot, fresh, and delicious. This is the burger place to beat... No one even comes close! The milkshakes are worth the extra time I must spend at the gym working them off. The burgers are always incredible, and I love that you an order off-menu. So glad they are a stone's throw away...
4_star Been to Steve's a few times. Time for a review. (+ positive, - negative, -/+ neutral) + Good ambiance. Low lighting and sweet music. I really enjoy studying here. + Slightly above average coffee. I've had better, but Steve's still has really good drinks. + Awesome prices. I'm in college and I really like saving my money. -/+ Customer service is alright. One time I was there only one barista working. He was obviously a high school student and had other important things going on. Two of his friends came in and chatted him up at the counter... and they weren't quiet. Then, he left the counter, with no one else there, to go outside for a smoke and talk with his little friends. Nothing happened in result, but I thought it was rude.
2_star So sad! We had such high hopes for this place. We eat out a lot (in fact we are trying a new restaurant every day this winter break!) This restaurant cannot compete with anything else nearby. Maggiano's -fabulous, Brio - lovely, Buddy V's -meh. We had the meatball sand and the vodka sauce pasta. Both were bland, small and overpriced ($23 for a very small plate of pasta.). No hot bread and butter, no attentive wait staff, no one asked how are meals were, we were invisible. Then we come to the real reason we went - the lobster tail pastry. At $15 we were sure it would be crazy good. It wasn't. The cream inside was luscious and the presentation was beautiful, but the pastry itself was so hard and overcooked we couldn't cut it and that made sharing difficult. Worst of all, I left my commemorative photo of my little girl and I from the National Geographic exhibit on the table. When we realized this 2 hours later we rushed back to the restaurant. They had thrown it out! Who doesn't keep people's forgotten things for at least the rest of the day?! A very bad $64 lunch and a sad tale to tell.
2_star A much anticipation of a return trip to WCG,and I must say I was terribly disappointed. For starters, we HAD a reservation and it still took us 40 minutes (and several inquiries) to get our table..... Once seated, a good 10 minutes passed before our server came to our table. Had to ask for water refills. The food, while good was a bit pricey (accept for the dessert, I will say it was yummy) Sadly, I will not be returning here anytime soon.
4_star 24 hour Korean delight. I woke up at 4 am and felt like having Korean so I took advantage of the services. The place was busy actually with customers. The waitress seemed tired but greeted me with a smile. I got my side dishes along with my main at the same time. And gave me time to enjoy my meal without any rush. I recommend to everyone to visit the place and it is the closest one to finch station
2_star I absolutely love this restaurant when the owners aren't around. I've been ordering from them for YEARS! The gentlemen that delivers my food has always been gracious and polite. In fact, every time I've dealt with the staff it's been pleasant. HOWEVER, every single time I've called during lunch hours and the owners are present, I'm given a hard time. Today when I called for a delivery order, I heard the lady (owner) in the background yelling at the kid that took my order while I was on hold. My order was $2 short of the minimum delivery amount. The kid was told to tell me my location is too far away. "Tell them to just come pick it up!" she yelled at him, all the while I'm on the phone listening to her scream at him. This has happened before and quite honestly, the owner should learn some manners and personal awareness. The poor kid nervously apologized to me as I decided to cancel my order. Thanks anyway!!! The owner should understand that this city is flooded with Chinese restaurants and be grateful she has such a great staff.
4_star comfortable, great music, great food. First visit a couple of weeks ago, took a friend for her birthday dinner. Two drinks, 2 steak dinners with coffee, around 70.00. I will be back for sure.
4_star We go here a lot. The only reason for not giving 5 stars is that i feel there is always room for improvement. There are many Italian restaurants in the area but this is by far the best. I have had many dishes and they have all been very good. My kids even like the cheese ravioli. Cute small location
3_star Teds is a good place to go with friends. They grill all of your food fresh in front of you, and have a cool way of cutting up the dogs as they're cooking. I wasn't a fan of their white hots, however I can't fault them, as I've never had them before. I may just hate veal! Their regular hot dogs and brats are spot on, and tasty. The onion rings are hand made, and are also pretty tasty. If you do stop by, make sure to get a chocolate milk shake. It's one of the best in the valley (trust me, i'm fat!). The service is not amazing, better than McDonalds, and not as personal as a sit down restaurant. They're definitely trained to get you through the line as quickly as possible. It's worth stopping by to try, as it's pretty unique in the valley.
1_star How disappointing! I don't know if last night was an anomaly and the chef was just having a bad, or if they feel they can rest on their laurels, but many of our meals were subpar and none were excellent. First, the trout was poorly selected and deboned so badly that it seemed that more than half the bites had at least one bone. I watched the poor chap eating in continuously try to discreetly remove bones from his mouth. The regret at selecting the trout evident in his face. Second, my steak was cooked about as badly as I would do it. There was no consistency through the meat and appeared to have been rushed. I would have apologized to my guests if I had served this at home. Finally, with respect to service, there were multiple mistakes made. Perhaps the most glaring was they accidentally gave one in our party one the deserts intended for the party beside us. This left her sitting with a plate of melting desert while the rest of us waited 10 more minutes for desserts. The quality and experience fell far short of expectations for a restaurant have this caliber.
4_star When looking for a birthday venue that would please a group covering the gamut of 30-somethings to 80-somethings, I did some research on Yelp and came across The Academy (showing you business owners that it actually does do wonders for attracting or detracting new business). We met for dinner on a Friday night and were seated at a large round table by one of the big windows overlooking Liberty Village. The interior was stunning with its classic combination of bricks and beams, artwork strewn on the walls, and vintage pool tables (hence the "spherical arts" bit). The service was fast and friendly but not intrusive or rushed, and the food was delicious. I ordered the special, Red Curry Red Snapper, which was perfectly cooked and served with rice and crispy asparagus. My husband was feeling adventurous and tried the Cajun Seared Alligator, and my mother had the Tequila Mahi Mahi which was beautifully presented. The menu is diverse enough to please just about any palette, but not overwhelming in its options. I can see how it would make a perfect wedding or special events venue.
4_star Food is a pretty good. I eat their pad Thai lunch specials all the time and it's by far the best I've had in Charlotte. I usually order the pad see ew, it was okay here. Would definitely recommend it to a friend for lunch.
1_star With regards to Oasis Food is mediocre, I had an average burger. The service is inattentive. We went in for a quick snack around 5 on a Thursday. It took an hour to get our food and then the bill never came 1.5 hours later despite trying multiple times to flag down our server. The dining area gets very crowded with a spillover of bar patrons as the bar has limited seating options. This results in an overall crowded rooftop with bar patrons sitting all over the waterfall like a bunch of pigeons and hovering over the diners, you can imagine this is a pretty gross atmosphere. Several folks asked if they could have our table after us. Sorry but you should probably ask the hostess because I'm pretty sure that's not how seating works. Anyways, a note to management, keep your bar patrons outside in the line until you have capacity unless you really want to annoy all of your patrons with a jammed rooftop and service that is nowhere to be seen.
1_star Ahh, White Castle. I feel stoned just thinking about it. There is no excuse for wanting these monstrosities when in a sober state of mind. The first time I experienced their infamous sliders was at the height of the Harold and Kumar craze. Everyone that had been there assured me that their food was awesome. I was excited, I mean, everyone I knew had been there and the building looks like a castle! How cute! Having the appetite of a Roman emperor I ordered six of the tiny burgers. I could only get through one. On my first bite I was thrown into a fit of terror. This is what people have been raving about? Everyone willingly eats this stuff? Has the world gone mad!? They are mushy, greasy, doughy lumps of self-loathing. The fries are crinkle cut, which you don't see very often in fast food places, but other than that there's nothing special about them. My advice is to avoid this place; they don't call them stomach bombs for nothing.
3_star I bought a salad, a gluten-free cupcake and a loaf of gluten-free bread. I couldn't believe the salad. It cost $8 & it was supposed to have lettuce, fruit, almonds & quinoa. It was priced way too high for what I got. It was a very sad salad. There was a small amount of lettuce, 3 blueberries, 1/4 of a strawberry, and I could barely find any quinoa! I took it to go and was in a hurry. The cupcake was very moist and tasted like a normal cupcake. I wouldn't know it was gluten-free. The bread is pretty good. It is soft and has the texture of regular bread. It was $8 as well. But it was a large loaf. The customer service wasn't very good. They didnt smile, welcome me or anyone i saw. I kinda felt like I was bothering them just to order my food. I might go back sometime for the bread, because it's very difficult to find soft gluten-free bread & maybe a baked good. But, it's not worth the drive, unless I'm already in that part of town. A big maybe!
1_star Terrible. Faulty prices. Employees shrugging their shoulders when you ask them about faulty prices. even worse when you don't care about your customers, that's how you lose a customer. I'm all about supporting small businesses ... TUPS down the way will receive all of my word of mouth business. As a general manager of a Best of Las Vegas 5 Star company, this irritates the hell out of me .
4_star Normal diner setting. Prepare for a long wait if you come around normal busy hours. Long island iced tea was great! Nice cheap meal compared to everything else you'll find in Mandalay Bay.
2_star I love the food here. However, a few days ago my boyfriend and I arrived at 8:45 pm to grab a bite to eat. As we entered the place of business, the older lady behind the counter was visibly and verbally upset that we chose to dine in. She informed us that the business closes at 9:30. We said okay. So we tried to make things easy in here by going to the counter to place our order. She gave my boyfriend a very hard time as he tried to place the order. After 4 attempts to place the order we ended up walking out. So that's why I'm giving 2 stars today. I hope to continue eating here but the way we were treated a few nights ago was uncalled for.
5_star Great place for the anime/manga fan! Two ways full of manga, all in English. In the back there's a games room with PS4s housed in arcade cabinets playing Street Fighter V and Overwatch, so you can actually use the arcade cabinets and arcade sticks for SF V. Also separate TVs hooked up to Wii U for Mario Kart and Smash, etc. Everything is available at a very reasonable $15 for the whole day or $20 with in and out access, both options include a drink. Or you can just go in as a cade and have the drinks and dessert and read manga.
4_star This place is almost always packed during the regular lunch/dinner hours and have been operating at this location for years which just proves their consistent quality of food at a great price. I had a large seafood Laska and a small house special beef pho, both were good but I'd have to say that the Laska looks better than it tastes (a little under flavoured in my pov and it came with the thick egg noodles and thin vermicelli which I don't really like) overall though you can't really go wrong with the selection and quality of this place
5_star Olive's is a fantastic restaurant, exactly what you'd expect from Todd English. The flavors are somewhat mediteranean and they've got a great menu. Their cocktails are fabulous, I love their white peach belini and my husband is crazy about their dirty martini with blue cheese stuffed olives. The bread basked comes with fresh baked onion foccacia and two kinds of olive tapenade. They have some really good apps, including a great ahi tartare and some really nice flatbreads (one with proscuitto and figs, another with mushrooms, and a great classic tomato-basil-mozarella). Favs on the dinner menu include the scallops (perfectly seared, served with risotto), the butternut squash tortellini, and the chestnut ravioli (served on a bed of creamed spinach-heavenly!). Do not skip dessert here- they have a souflee that is crazy good. Flavors change but the strawberry is incredible, so is the vanilla. My husband and I order two, that's how delicious they are. Service here is always great, very attentive. I recommend sitting on the patio, it's much more private and has a beautiful view of the Bellagio fountains and water show. Definitely make reservations or you could be waiting 2 hours for a table.
2_star Way too expensive! I felt embarrassed for them to charge that much for normal food and portion sizes. I went for the first time and with my two cousins from Germany. I'm really sad that my cousin had to pay extra to have buns on his bison burger because it was originally on a lettuce bun. I went on Burger Week to try their "Detour burger" and had to pay for the fries because they lowered the price by 3$ for the event...which is not a discount if they take away the fries in my opinion. I pretty much payed the same price lol burger was okay but the sack was terrible. Fries were good. Service was slow. In total it cost 60$ plus tip for 2 burgers and 3 drinks.
1_star more of the same. the staff turns over every few months. the sushi never tastes very fresh relative to places like Pure. lots of scottsdale attitude for a place barely surviving from bankruptcy. have you been on a weeknight? how
5_star I went to Gaucho with 2 friends who were visiting from out of town, one of them has a father from Argentina. As a vegetarian, I was prepared to just vicariously enjoy her enjoyment as I sat and had a minimal meal. Not so! I was very pleasantly surprised that this very meat-heavy restaurant also has plenty of vegetarian options that are extremely delicious! It also has a fun vibe. Just thinking about what I had there (one of every vegetarian side) makes me want to head back there soon.
3_star We were passing through Elyria on our way to our honeymoon and stopped at Bob Evans for dinner. Mind you, this was our first time ever eating at one! It was decent. Definitely breakfast and "home comfort foods." I would say it's very similar to Cracker Barrel but a little less formal than CB. Nothing fancy but we enjoyed our service and food!
2_star First of all. I'm a fan of chef ramsay and hope every thing perfect. This is first time i try this burger. When i walk to the host two girl cute asian just talk to each another and doesn't look at me. Until o ask for table for 1 they offer me to sit at bar it ok for me but she just point to bar and say go ahead snd back to talk to each another again. The burger need more salt it no test and asian salad is so so. It not matt for 14$ for burger and 13 for salad. In&out is alot bettet.
4_star My pizza and wings were very good! Brandon was very patient, kind, and personable with my daughter and I. He even offered her water while we waited for our food.
5_star Great price great burgers. Had the gold and green burger and some wings and it was great.
4_star Overall ~ will come back again Food, ambiance, price and service is good! Food server was a little busy with other guests however she managed to refill my water. =) Food is delicious! Ambiance is relaxed, friendly and very oriental (which I really love!). For a party of 7, our check came out to be $119.00 ~ very reasonable.
2_star Food is ok. Hole in the wall. Ghetto location Feels like the kind of place you would see a roach or two. There is no service. Not quite sure how they got so many reviews.
4_star Had a nice lunch with Kevin and Tim. The soup of the day was yummy. Perfect for this kind of weather. The shrimp diavolo could be a little spicier but overall, it was fantastic. Great lunch but love their happy hour prices better.
4_star I ate here twice in two days! The first night I ordered the petit filet mignon and it was wonderful. So tender it melted in my mouth. We got sides of baked potato and creamed spinach and I got a Fat Tire Belgian beer. For desert I got the banana tart. All were very delicious. The second night I ordered the baked salmon a mixed green salad and had the warm brownie and a cappuccino for desert. Fantastic! The décor is elegant with beautiful black and white photos of past movie stars in the nude. How beautiful were those untampered, natural breasts! The price, however is expensive so hopefully you can win enough at black-jack or craps to afford to eat there!
5_star Went here for dinner and this place blew me away. I can't put into words how amazing the food is and the service is just as good. The bread might be the greatest thing I've ever had. Seriously. After telling our server that, the owner/chef, Duc, brought our table a whole loaf to take home. It was also kind of late at night so he gave us two pastries to take home too. For free. Who does that? Duc does that. If this hasn't convinced you yet, it's soooo cheap for the quality of food that's served. I've had meals that cost three times as much that wouldn't hold a candle to this place. Don't let the exterior deter you, I wasn't expecting it to be in a strip mall either but I guess that's just what they're workin' with for now. I kept waiting for a catch or food poisoning or something because it was just too good to be true but no, no catch (or food poisoning). If you're still reading this post, stop now, get in/on your mode of transportation and drive (or f*** it, run if you have to) to scratch.
5_star Terrific little beautiful place. Intimate but not pretentious. Always delish. Love it!
1_star I don't know how this place got four stars but I am very not impressed. The bathrooms are nasty and riddled with gang graffiti. I cannot imagine how the health department has not closed it down.
5_star Love the juice bar! Try the kaleaid. They now have bottled cold pressed juice. It's expensive, but so good.
1_star Food was just okay, and service was slow. We waited for an hour, even though we could see at least three open tables the whole time we waited from the bar. Duck-fat fries were bland. Complimentary bread was cold and hard, but the accompanying kalamata olive aioli was great. Prime rib was okay, but again not great. The accompanying potatoes au-gratin were bland bland bland and gritty. Fried chicken was also rather bland, and the accompanying mac-n-cheese was dry. The highlight was 1/2 ounce of complimentary kalamata olive aioli with the cold bread before the meal. Everything else was mediocre. Bland.
4_star My wife and I went to the show this past Saturday @ 7:30. The show was great!!! The atmosphere was very trendy and the staff makes you feel very welcome. All of the entertainers were awesome and really do a great job at interacting with the crowd. We didn't have dinner but I can say drinks were pretty expensive but hey its the Cosmopolitan, it's expected. The only issue that we had was how inconvenient it was to get out of your seat. We sat in the padded bench seating area and the chairs infront of us were so close that there's no way a shorter person would be able to see over the person in front of them. It was also such a pain to get past people to go to the bar because you basically had to step on all the people in your row just to get out. That was very annoying not only to us but others in our row, so get an aisle seat.
3_star FOOD above average - Really enjoyed the seaweed omelette, broccoli shrimp, and octopus wasabi starter. SERVICE below average - they had enough staff just need better training on speed and attentiveness. AMBIANCE average - great noise level perfect for a date or equally a large group VALUE above average - like similar restos in this category good value. $40 or less for food and drink per person. OVERALL - an average restaurant in the city. If you are looking for something new, give it a try. But we are on the fence on whether to give it a second go.
2_star This place used to be good when it was Neo Tokyo but it was recently switched to savor flavor . I was hesistant at the change of the owner but decided to give it a shot . When i went to the register i noticed alot of ppl sitting around waiting for there food but placed my order anyways. After waiting about 20 minutes other ppl who were there before me started complaining about the wait so i went to check on the eta of my food and was told about 30 more minutes. I explained i had already been waiting 20 minutes and was rudely told that i should have been told about the long wait when my order was placed. I advised that i was not and recieved a refund and left . 50 minutes for chinese food seemed a bit excessive for a to go order. Will not go back again unless calling ahead . Waaaaay ahead.
1_star At 5 pm today I went to the Oakville location for my first (and last) ever Zoup experience. I am feeling a little under the weather, so I thought a nice bowl of soup would be the best thing. When I arrived, the unenthusiastic teenager they had working the Frontline offered to let me taste test any of their soups before purchasing. On my second spoonful (testing the butternut squash soup) I had to immediately spit back up the soup ad it SCALDED my lips and tongue- I cried out in pain and tears filled my eyes. I informed the employee that the soup was far too hot to serve, he turned to his Co worker and asked if the soups had been checked for temperature yet today...to which she replied "I don't know." When this employee went to check the temperature of the soup I had just been given, he said "oh, it's 171 degrees F" Ummmmmm are you people trying to take my skin off? Are you asking for a lawsuit? And after all that, I was offered a lazy "uh...sorry?" And only after I reiterated to the staff how badly I was hurt. I wanted to purchase soup so I joked that maybe I should wait an hour for the soup to be cool and for my tongue to heal, then when I went to pay my debit card was giving trouble going through. I got frustrated and left. They could have at least offered the soup to me for free considering the quite literal pain and suffering they put me through. 171 degrees. Unbelievable. You need to train your staff properly before someone gets seriously hurt! Oh and by the way, it is 2 and a half hours later and I still can't enjoy my own dinner before my mouth feels like it had 3rd degree burns in it. Seriously, I can feel shreds of loose skin in my mouth. THANKS ZOUPS next time I will make my own
3_star My wife and I have been here several times, but the last time we had dinner here the food was disappointing. The portions were very small. For example, my wife had the chicken breast and what came out was 1/2 a chicken breast and some shredded dark meat hidden beneath it. Very odd. I also ordered some bruschetta, and it was about as big as a $1 bill. Needless to say, we probably won't be returning for dinner. The service was great, however, and we'd still consider coming back for a drink at the bar.
5_star Food was great! First time trying this place out for lunch and definitely won't be my last. Service was friendly. Will recommend this place to friends and family. I had the chicken teriyaki plate I believe. Great job
5_star Another excellent meal. We always get the family dinner. We love the pork lo mein. It's the best around.
1_star I keep trying to give them a chance and they continue to disappoint. This is geared towards the music/concert goer. If you're not planning on standing down on the main floor, you might as well forget about any kind of sound quality. We generally try to stand around up top as it's too crowded down on the main floor. This time we even purchased VIP seating...you're sitting right next to the sound boards so you'd think the quality would be the best there....wrong! We could hear the opening bands fine, but when it came to the main event, we couldn't understand a word. And sadly, we knew most of their songs. This has happened this year on 3 separate occasions. Even while the bands talk in between songs, you couldn't understand a word. And the cost of drinks is ridiculous. Starting off at $2.50 for a bottle of water. $8.75 for a PBR.....REALLY? I will say that every staff member we talked with was super friendly and helpful and the place was relatively clean and security was plentiful. And why don't they open up the upstairs seating. We saw Yellowcard there a year or so ago and sat upstairs, and it was awesome. But alas, the upstairs is always closed off. We spoke with other concert goers at each event, and they had the same comments on the "lack of clean sound" when you are off the main floor. Pretty sad since it would be a great venue with a little care or tweaking. Come on HOB management....get in the game!
3_star I like that Red Oak is dedicated to organic food and eating healthy, but the food is just hit or miss. It really depends what you get. I had a chicken wrap with hummus that was very lackluster but the blue plate specials are normally pretty solid. The place is normally packed during lunch but if you want to eat well I think it is a solid choice.
1_star I was really hoping for this place to be good, too bad I didn't even get to eat. My girlfriend, uncle and I were seating down waiting to get service but that service never arrived. We waited for at least 13 minutes and no one ever came to ask us if we needed? water, food or anything. If they would have been busy or if there would have been not enough employees, I would understand. But that was not the case, they had plenty of workers and the place was not full at all. Every body else around us were getting served no problem, we decided to leave since no one really cared to talk to us. When we were walking out, no one and if there was anything wrong or anything, they just looked at us like whatever. Total disappointment, I will tell all my friends and family about the lack of service
5_star Finished the tour de Mississauga and stopped at this restaurant for a big brunch! Everything is great! Love the waffle Grille and the Grille Skillet!
4_star Average chain restaurant with the average variety, but still good teriyaki salmon and mac and cheese. There is not much to say.
3_star Came here for happy hour at the bar and had the skewer squid, skewer mushrooms, and two cocktails. First cocktail was overwhelmingly licorice (called Greek something, with ouzo and grapefruit), and I really didn't care for it. That's totally personal preference so my review is unaffected by this drink. After a few sips, I asked for the gin/ginger/grapefruti cocktail (specifying a little less sweet because the first was too sweet for my taste) and it was fine. Nothing amazing, but not bad at all. The skewer squid was smothered in a green sauce, and there was really too much of it. I can only assume the sauce was to cover the freshness of the squid. More than half of the skewered squid was overcooked, which is unfortunate, but not unsurprising. The skewer mushrooms were great, but could have been better charred or smoked, which probably reflects on the method of cooking. I wished for a Japanese yakitori style with delicious char and smoke, but that (to be fair) is probably an unfair expectation. Bartender was pretty good, but that's going to completely depend on who you get. I forgot to get his name - whoops.
2_star This was my second time at Farenheit. The service was slow the fist time but not unbearably slow. Tonight was a completely different story. The food is good but not spectacular and not worth the price they charge for it. It took forever to receive our appetizers and even longer for our entree. Then, to top it off, I had to get the manager to expedite the process of paying our bill. Needless to say, I won't be going back unless they pick up the service game.
3_star Reducing my rating to 3 stars because of how unbelievably slow they are. I completely understand waiting for fresh food to be made to order, however I wait at Fusaro's nearby, Banh Mi Boys, but none take as long as this place and it's arguably simpler food to prepare! Also, cash only? I HATE that.
4_star Granted, I've only had a small sampling of what their menu has to order, but I feel comfortable saying that this place is great! The chicken is always juicy, the food hot, the seasonings balanced and the service helpful. If I could change anything, the only thing would be to make the restaurant larger, as it is a bit cramped in there. The food's worth it though! They also have grape pie during the fall which I doubt you're going to find anywhere else. It's pretty good.
3_star I'm goin middle of the road on this one. I like the food but the sponge painting on the walls in bright blue is a bit distracting. They have a great patio in front of a pond with a water thingy, the patio is nice and relaxing. I got the naked burrito, it's big enough to share and for 8 bucks I can put up with the funky decor. It's never crowed and on a Friday night at 9PM when you are starved to death cuz your lame duck boyfriend fell asleep and almost missed Friday night date night...(I digress) it was great to get speedy service. The beer was cold and that worked for me. So, it's not the Birk. but you can't beat the prices and the service and food is very good. I am a fan.
4_star Tasty. Service was prompt. Appreciated the TVs to watch games on. Food was good for a brewery.
3_star I really love the idea of Fahrenheit, but somehow it's let me down each time I've been. I hope to be able to up the rating to 4 stars with some more visits. The atmosphere gets bonus points. I've sat a bar table on a hopping Friday night. Although the place was slammed, we didn't feel rushed or unloved. The mood was vibrant, and it was fun to watch the food come out of the kitchen. I've also been late on a wintry weekday when the place was pretty dead. I couldn't help but think how romantic it seemed, with the faint lighting and diners tucked into corners like worlds of their own. (I did not partake of this ambience, as I was dining with my sister, but still, the couple nearest us seemed to be enjoying their date.) The food is mostly what disappoints. I like the idea of most things on the menu, and some are done well. But nothing wows, and a few things disappoint. I can vouch for the meatball appetizer. Nothing special, but solid delicious meatballs. The sliders were fine, but with way too high a bread-to-meat ratio. And even though I prefer burgers well-done, I think I ruined them by requesting that. They were really dry and charred. The edamame hummus sounded exciting, but was not much more than bread and hummus. Cuyahoga flatbread was also fine, but the bacon and foie gras flavors were barely there. My sister did love the cheese plate, especially the combination of the quince paste and one of the cheeses (I forget which one). Nice that they're local cheeses. We tried a pizza once, just to try it and then have it leftover. I can't even remember which one it was. Again, solid, but nothing special, particularly with all the fancy pizzas you can get these days. Probably on par with bar cento pizzas. The pumpkin ravioli was extremely disappointing. Just oily and gummy and flavorless. Maybe because it was the end of the night, but I don't think that's a valid excuse in such a place. I can't remember what I've tried before the Winter Menu. I do like anywhere that changes the menu seasonally, highlights local products, and where the chef has a presence. But I was a bit embarrassed that I chose here as one of the examples of Cleveland's culinary greatness to show off. Not quite good enough food for the special occasion. But worth stopping in for the bar menu and a happy hour drink.
1_star this is the second time I have eaten there and the second time I have been disappointed. They have a new Italian chef who it seems has never eaten in Italy! I had a main dish which consisted of three tiny pieces of steak which were over salted and three tiny hard potatoes. I thought only pasta should be al dente! the others at my table did not do much better..no food and expensive prices for nothing special. Avoid this place especially if you are sophisticated and know good food. Leave this for the locals who have never traveled and think that charging high prices for food that is mediocre at best makes them part of the in crowd. I for one will avoid it even though I live around the area!
5_star Best dim sum and authentic Chinese food ~ at one point my family and I called Cathay House "Sunday's Best" since we ate here two Sundays in a row.
2_star Asked our cab driver for the best seafood buffet and the Rio Carnival Buffet was recommended as the best. Our party of 6 was extremely disappointed as soon as we saw the seafood spread. Variety was actually pretty good, but nothing screamed quality. I would not pay the extra for the seafood if I were to do it again. The regular buffet was an ok value but there are much better buffets for a few bucks more such as the Wicked Spoon at the Cosmopolitan.
3_star Food is really good here. Came here on a Friday, so limited seating, and sluggish service. We go fried chicken (order as soon as you sit down, it's 20 mins wait), papaya salad (yum!), Pork Belly Bao (juicy, saucy, with great pickled onions), and tried a bite of KPC (Kongpao chicken done with Korean gochujang). Again, the food is good here, definitely recommend, maybe on a less busy night.
5_star This is one of our favorite places to order pizza. We usually get it to go, but have eaten there on occasion. The staff is always friendly. My only complaint is that they make the breadsticks differently each time we order them so sometimes they are awesome and other times they are just okay. I've learned to ask for the pamesan breadsticks as they are the best! If you have room for dessert, get the Pullookie! It's great!
4_star The fried noodles and the garlic chicken are my favorites. Sometimes I hate to go in there because I know I am going to spend $60 plus on poke!
2_star Terrible ceasar salad dressing. Fish of day overcooked. Baked potato was fine. Broccoli just broccoli. Malt was very good. Lobster bisque good but over salted. Food was just ploppped on plate. Definitely wont be back. The coconut shrimp was very good.
5_star The best breakfast place ever! The food is always delicious and the service is great. I have dealt with stomach issues for years but I can eat here and have no issues. They also have gluten free food that tastes GREAT! For a wonderful breakfast experience come and eat at JP Pancake.
4_star I go there for the lunch special very frequently. Its great. You get more like a dinner portion for under $7.
2_star Food was ok and very fast. Cheeseburger had cheese that was not melted. Same complaint about the woman at the register, rude and seemed bothered that we came into the place at all. If you want a quick meal, then fine. Not really restaurant quality though.
2_star I've only ever been to Touch for drinks, but decided to meet a couple of friends for dinner. From the moment we arrived, the experience and service were poor. Nobody greeted us when we walked to the host stand, but several employees glanced and kept about their business. After about 5 minutes of this, we just sat at the bar and hoped for the best. The bartender was so condescending and didn't seem to know where anything we asked for was. Three of the drink selections we made throughout the evening were unable to be found. The employees were often swearing and watching things on their phones behind the bar instead of tending to their patrons. The food was mediocre at best and two of the items we ordered food-wise were not ready to be made, therefore our ticket times were very long. Our bartender would walk past empty drinks several times and not bother to ask if we'd like a refill. And, last but not least, when we had finished our food and drinks we actually had to put our credit cards on the bar to signal wanting a check because of course the bartender just kept walking by. She actually tended to three new customers and cashed them out before even getting our checks from the time our entire meal was done. The only positive I can mention is the mashed potatoes were good. And, in theory, their drink selection is lengthy, but most of what we ordered wasn't in stock. I will not be returning to Touch.
2_star Food was okay - as others have pointed out, a bit expensive. Everything is fried fresh, right when you order. Nothing is frozen (better not be for the price you're paying). We had the calamari and two orders of halibut with fries. It took a very long time for food to arrive, as it was quite busy on a Saturday evening. Big points lost for service - Also as others have mentioned, the staff here aren't exactly welcoming and warm. I wasn't pleased at how they were treating their customers. I'm not expecting a joint like this to roll out the red carpet, but I do expect a bit of kindness.
4_star I did my "sushi restaurant research" before we came here. I'm very happy with our choice of coming here and trying their food and service. My husband and I both got their lunch special combo boxes which came with yummy miso, yummy ginger lettuce salad, sushi rolls, shrimp/veggie tempura, calrose sticky rice, and salmon teriyaki (my choice)/ red snapper teriyaki (his choice). Mango mochi dairy-free ice cream for desert. Satisfied with food quality and service!! Ambience is casual. We will be returning! :)
4_star I had my first sushi burrito at Mi'hito and it didn't disappoint! The atmosphere was quite chill and relaxed, I went on a Wednesday at noon with some friends and most people seemed to be young professionals on their lunch break. It is definitely a trendy place to check out. Their sushi tastes very fresh and delicious, I got the Flaming Dragon. The combination of ingredients tasted great to me, I love tuna and there was a generous serving of it in my burrito! If none of the pre-set burritos appeal to you, I'd recommend building your own! My friend did that and the process was very simple and no fuss, all you do is check off the ingredients you want on a card that they have at the front then bring the card up to the register to order and pay. I would definitely come back but I will say that it is a bit on the pricey side. Overall it was worth it though!
2_star Strange location. Next to a Goodwill drop off zone which had a HUGE truck parked by front door. And another Huge truck dropping off food. Mahi Mahi was overcooked and tough. Service was just ok. We're huge Pita Jungle fans, but not this location.
2_star We came here because the good reviews. My husband and me with two kids placed our orders and started our long waiting. It's Monday afternoon around 3:30pm with only few tables here. We got No 01 waiting card for our foods. But there was a young couple who came late then us and was holding No 02 card but had their food earlier than us. After 20 mins, finally our food came, didn't taste liked.the reviews told. We oedered 1 burger, 1 soup, 1 pizza and 1 lamb panini. Stoney Burger($13) was dry and overcooked, mushroom pizza($15)was also dry and lacked flavors, clam chowder($6) has too much wired dry herb in it. Only good thing was lamb panini($15), but that was compared to other foods we ordered but not came with any sides.. We are really disappointed to chose eat here. With over $50, two adults and two kids left with unfilled stomach. Service was slow, poor and no smile. The tips system was wired as well. They want you to tip first before you being seated and served. Won't come back anymore.
1_star Has gone downhill since last in the area. Food on floor. Trash cans over filled. Food was lukewarm. Just sloppy overall.
2_star I really used to like Coffee Culture.. The drinks are decent and some of the food items are pretty good. The staff were always nice and friendly. However, looks like recently they got all new staff including a new store manager and unfortunately, the service is AWFUL!! They are beyond slow, don't know the menu items and are just generally not welcoming or friendly. The other day I walked in and made eye contact with one of the workers, who was chatting with his co-worker as she attempted to complete a food order (she didn't know how to make it and the customer had clearly been waiting a long time), he didn't even acknowledge that I'd entered the cafe or say that he'd be with me in a minute because he was 'busy'.. I waited at the cash register for almost 5 minutes and was about to leave before anyone even took notice that I was trying to give them my money. I have several years of coffee shop work experience, so I know how service should be at these places and this type of service is just not on. I don't expect you to drop everything and roll out the red carpet when I arrive, but at least greet your customers and try not to make them wait a ridiculous amount of time to get in and out of your store. I don't think I'll be going back anytime soon. I gave it 2 stars rather than one just because it's a decent place to sit and do work on your laptop if you can tolerate the staff for long enough to get your order.
3_star I've been going to this location for five or so years. Yet lately it seems that the service and the time of a typical dinner at this location have both headed into murky waters. There is no clear agenda to be unique, just to take your money for the check and to pop you through your meal like a car on the assembly line. My advice would be to find a way to make this olive garden feel less of corporate mandate and drive service. This will keep your restaurant's wallet share per customer higher and you won't share it with local italian competitors.
3_star Have had better experiences at Fresh. Busy location, good with service. However, the food was really lacking taste this time. Ordered the quinoa onion rings (5 stars as usual) and the Dragon bowl (3 stars). I've had the bowl before and it was pretty disappointing this time. Wayyy too oily and about 70% just noodles. Assume they use a standard recipe so not sure why...stick to the onion rings.
5_star Fresh made daily tortillas!! Fresh made daily desserts & pastries! Buy cheap chips & dip. Feed a family Of 5 for 10 bucks! Cheapest & one of the best lunches/dinner around!! Love Chile relleno here and the chicken! The bakery is amazing but sometimes there is flies there which really bothers me.. Cheap Produce for sure & they sell Super cute jewelery & shoes up Front!!
1_star Quality of food doesn't worth the price. Majority is deep fry and the oil was not often replaced. Service is zero. Waitress is mean and never smile. Will not recommend this place. My wife got sick after eating at this place probably due to their oil for the deep fry food.
4_star Great Thai restaurant around the area ! I've been impressed with most if not all the food I've tried here. It does get packed during rush hours. Khao soi was super delicious (and filling)
2_star It was my 36th wedding anniversary. Wanted it to be special. Our party of four ordered steaks--medium. All three were overcooked. When I pointed this our to the head waiter--I think that what he's call--he thanked me for my negativity. That really made me want to go back. After a 20 minute delay we ate. I think IHOP could have done better. Diner for four $350.00. I'm allowed to be negative for poor performance. Find another steak house
5_star This is my new favorite restaurant for a plethora of reasons! During the weekends, in the evenings, there is a pianist who maintains the intimate, inviting ambiance. The owners and Chef have always come to our table, ensuring any of our needs were met. Moreover, the menu is spectacular - each visit, I have tried something new, and I have yet to be disappointed. It's rare that you find an establishment that is of such high quality that makes each patron feel like family.
4_star Excellent diner that serves breakfast lunch and dinner! We were there for breakfast and it was all exceptional! Their hotcakes were utterly amazing, they tasted like cake. The omelette was also spectacular.
3_star I had the Pimento Cheese Fries, Burnt Ends and fries. The pimento cheese was bland and didn't add anything to the fries. I honestly could've done without it. Burnt Ends were a different experience. I liked the idea of crispy brisket, but half of the cubes were partially fat and there didn't seem to be enough flavor in the BBQ Sauce. They were alright, but i don't think i would order them again. The beer specials were good and the service was excellent. No complaints there.
1_star my meal was fantastic.... pasta with scallops and shrimp... nice bottle of chianti... on the pateo... I would have given it a good rating ..... but... . the roasted chicken that my girlfriend had undeniably gave her food poisoning and she spent 36 hours immediately afterward face down in our hotel room at New York, New York. That sucked! So, buyer beware!
2_star I've always liked BJ's, however this was my first time trying a burger. I was disappointed. I ordered the sliders minus onion and lettuce. All I got was way overcooked patties between 2 buns. They decided to omit the pickles, ketchup and cheese (paid an extra 1.50 for the cheese). Lesson learned, don't order burgers from here.
5_star Best Chinese food in this side of town. Almost everything is great. Their take-out and delivery is extremely fast. The only dish that is not great is the Pad Thai, it is pretty bad to be honest. Other than that though the quality of the food surpasses any other Chinese place around here. Price is more like 1 and a half $'s.
4_star This a great place! The wings and pizza are really good and at a fair price. It's great for the family and it's close to home and they do a lot of fund raising for the school.
2_star Visited this place today for the first time. After seeing the average star rating, we thought it has to be good! Well, our server was great but that's about all that was. Food is less than average. Everything we ordered was either burnt or under cooked. Our server apologized and took off my daughters meal, being she barely touched it and offered us a $10 off coupon for our next visit. Still, our bill of $61, plus a $10 tip, for less than mediocre food was disappointing. Don't just look at the star ratings, take the time to read the comments about the food.
3_star Mario's is a decent bar that doesn't charge a cover and has a TON of space. This place fills with college students from wall to wall (and that says a lot since this takes up the space of two store fronts). Reasonable drink specials (if you're down with domestics). Not somewhere I would recommend if you're trying to talk with friends, but a great place to meet people. Mario IS Pittsburgh's college bar.
5_star Very tasty. We just had the shrimp fried rice and sauteed shrimp with mixed vegetables. The tea is $5 per person which caught us off guard but otherwise was a pleasant experience. Given this is located in Mandalay Bay, it's convenient for hotel guests staying in Delano as well. Recommend this place to others for a nice lunch or dinner.
3_star After reading so many positive reviews I hope my experience was an isolated incident. Also as many others pointed out the restaurant layout is horrible, tables way closer to each other and a very loud and obnoxious setting if you are seated anywhere near out of control children. Our waitress was a-ok but in my book all of this is forgiven is the food delivers which sadly in my it did not. I ordered a burger offered as an outside the menu item with a jalapeno bagel instead of the bun (big mistake what was I thinking in retrospect) and it was supposed to come with salsa. The pattie itself was undercooked even though the waitress had prompted me not to order medium rare bc the quality of the beef they have no is not the same as it used too (I mean thanks for the tip lady but if I'm the mgr and hear that wow), anyway so I ordered medium, but got a pretty pink one anyway which any other day I'd actually would have enjoyed; however to me it seemed that this one was still frozen in the mid. Again I hope this was an isolated incident, the rest of my party actually had enjoyed their food so I will be back for a 2nd try, this group has after all proven to be very successful here in Charlotte.
5_star delicious pizza. the Yukon bacon with egg is the best! I usually get take out, but dining is also a great experience. the staff is friendly and the food usually doesn't take that long. the pizza and salads are great.
2_star My experience at this restaurant marks the first time Yelp has lead me astray. I was so jazzed for what I thought would be an excellent evening, and was very disappointed. The tables in this place are crammed so close together, and the music is so loud I could barely have a conversation with my dinner companion. The charcuterie board was lacklustre, as was the pasta. The bill was $150 for two...at that price, there are so many other, better options to choose from that I won't be back.
5_star Never heard about this "Secret Pizza" place but my friends say they are the best and it was on a show. Well let me tell you this, it's the best pizza I've ever had. The white pizza is definitely the one to get. Just writing this review is making me hungry and craving for it even though I just had it like 4 hours ago.
5_star - If you haven't eaten at The Lakeview, I'd suggest you do.It's quickly become one of my favorite places to go when I'm craving diner food, but want to stay away from the typical greasy spoon diner type-of-place. The Lakeview is open 24 hours-a-day, and that definitely contributes to one of the cool aspects of this place: it isn't that you can eat imaginative diner-esque food at 3 o'clock in the morning on a Tuesday, but also thatyou can eat it at 3 o'clock in the afternoon on aSunday and the experience is entirely different. That's because it's inconsistent, but not in a bad way. It's inconsistent because of the diverse group of peeps you can expect to see there when you go: Sunday afternoon is the brunch crowd, Saturday evening is the daters, Friday late-night is the Ossignton bar crowd. Whenever you go, it's a different sorta experience. It's not just diversity that makes this a kick-ass experience, the food is also spectacular and truly imaginative. The style of upscale-diner definitely comes through on their menu withitems like theCorriander Walnut Pesto Omelette, a Peameal Brie and Havarti Cristo-style sandwich, and the Lakeface Albacore Tuna Melt. It's a genuinely nice blend of the expected and the unexpected. As a side note, I need to mention the impressive veggie burger they've got that's made from black beans and served with a wild mushroom saute and caramelized onions. Spectacular. Whether it's their 24-hour menu or their brunch menu, vegetarian or carnivore items, this place cranks out some delicious food. I'd definitely recommend you check out The Lakeview. They're doing diner food right, 24 hours-a-day.
3_star This place was good I got the lavender cotton candy for my kids and they didn't like it because it smelled like fabulouso and I got the earl tea which was pretty good but the thing that stuck out was the butterscotch latte the hubby loved it!!
3_star I had New Ho King delivered. I did not/do not/do not plan to go to UT. Those things said, and understanding there may be some ambiance-related pieces I am missing, the food was not so good although delivery service in both depth of menu (its like a road map of food....just keeps on unfolding) as well as open hours was impressive. I would not totally rule out ordering here again...but it's going to have to be pretty late at night and probably a push between being conscious or passed out when the food arrives.
4_star This was an excellent meal! Besides the wait.. The food and service is totally worth it, everyone is so happy and friendly. Definitely see myself coming back here again!
2_star Does not deserve a 4 Stat rating, it should be 2.5 or 3 at best. Wings were very okay (very large, but taste just okay), pizza very average nothing special, sub sandwich was barely eatable. May try one last time to verify not just a bad night, but no time soon.
5_star I've been here multiple times and I have to say they never disappoint! I went with a friend to grab brunch and ordered two eggs benedicts, the pulled pork and salmon benedict (definitely the bang for your buck). The food came quickly as it wasn't that busy during a Wednesday brunch hour. Our waiter was pleasent as they checked our table to ask about our food and took away our plates promptly. The pulled porked benedict was phenomenal as always. The sauce on top of the pulled pork was addictive and made me want to ask the chef for the recipe. The eggs were cooked perfectly; runny in the middle and cooked enough to hold its shape. The homemade fries coated in the homemade ketchup sauce which was perfect; tangy, sweet and comforting. The salad and the piece of fruit were a nice ending to such a delicious meal. My friend and I were stuffed by the end of it. Overall, this place is one of the best places I've been to for brunch! The stunning, comforting food and excellent service will keep me coming back for future brunch excursions.
1_star worst place on mill ave better off goin to Burger king for better service and food
1_star Don't bother with breakfast here. Small portions of completely generic breakfast staples are marked up to insane prices. I know we're in an airport, but $18 (including tax/tip) for a two-egg breakfast is madness. At least the service is painfully slow, even when the restaurant is less than 1/4 full...
1_star Okay I never give a bad review but this time I have to due to VERY VERY BAD SERVICE. So my coworkers and I came down here for our lunch break, walk in, it's a little busy was a nice clean restaurant. While we were standing waiting for someone to seat us, servers just pass us by not saying a word to us. We waited for about 10 minutes and still no one approached us so my coworker goes to the bar and tells them. Then a guy grabs the menus and just starts walking (keep in mind he doesn't even say a damn word to us) so we followed because he must be seating us. 10 minutes pass by and still no one to take our orders (I would of walked right out but we were on lunch and very hungry). So in order for us to order we had to get up and give them our order while not once did they come to get our order or even check up on us. So we asked the person at the bar who is our server and it was a young lady! We were so pissed off because here she goes to the table next to us who just got seated and she already gets their orders, then she looks at us and walks away doesn't even say hi or have you been helped. Anyway, with that being said it took about 40 minutes for our food to come out....our lunch was ruined had to go back to work by the time we got our food. The food is good and not bad for $4.99 lunch special and $1.00 Thai tea! Very very bad service and I am probably not the only one that experienced it because there were a bunch of angry people that just walked out. For example: there were two guys having lunch and oh my were they mad because apparently they forgot the other guys order and only brought one order out. They just walked out without paying! Hey I don't blame them because I would have done the same thing!
1_star Rude, silent sullen wait staff. No hellos, eye contact, thank yous or goodbyes. I've been there a few times over the last couple years. Good food of the old "Chinese Canadian style". Good prices and portions. The day staff, a couple of middle aged ladies aren't much better than the all male late night staff. I won't be returning. And for this I tipped properly.
1_star Sometimes giving a 2nd chance is like biting a bullet just in case the first one have missed... Gave this sushi place a 2nd chance but ultimately they still haven't deliver, im not even sure if the mgt even reading the bad raps here. Theyre giving the boca park tasteless and cheap, poor quality of food, the atmosphere wasn't pleasant you can smell the oil of the foods theyre frying, unappetizing presentations, gooey tuna and fishy fished (argh!), most of all the service was just awful most esp. The sushi chef, its very forgiving that sometimes they forgot what you order esp if the place is really busy but on this case, we were only less than 5 customer that they have to cater, two of which just ordered ala carte so i dont think that what i order "unagi sushi wasn't that hard to put, and the tempura is not served 20 minutes later, im not sure if he's doing it by purpose because not once or even twice he forgot the order and the thing that doesnt sit with me is the fact, that he looked annoyed when i reminded him. I mean if youre having a bad day, who isn't?! We are in darn fed shut down and i still managed or decided to eat on your awful resto. What im saying here, i am a paying customer and that attitude wasn't acceptable at all. Thanks for keeping me waiting and chose to take the order of the new customer whereas i already placed mine before he even sat, i just cancelled and called it a night. My 2 cents worth, eat at your own risks. Peaceout!
3_star A pricey, date-oriented eatery with fantastic ambiance. I only ate outside, and found the vibe to be great but the food a little short of what I would expect for what they're charging. However, I can see it being an ideal place to bring a date and go through a bottle of wine or two.
3_star The food may be overpriced here but I enjoy my options and variety. I am often annoyed when I can't get a bigger table especially if it stays empty for the remainder of my meal. I requested a window seat however was declined because it was a 4 person table. Meanwhile there are other pairs sitting there as well. Instead I got a round booth in the back with dirty cracked seats. This place needs to replace their leather cushions. I had a selection of appetizers, sushi, sashimi and a spider roll. My favourite was probably the sunonomo salad (with seaweed) but on the pricer side for $7 ... I would probably recommend other sushi restaurants if you're looking for quality Hope this helps! -jT
5_star quesadillas (jalapenos), smokehouse (chargrilled) whole wings, Mighty Fine Bovine - highly recommended!
4_star This place is completely out of character for the financial district - quirky and cozy. It's more like something you'd expect in Parkdale or Leslieville. This is a good thing, however - people who work and live in the centre want good food options, too! The food is very good - particularly the chicken pot pie. My only complaint is the somewhat unfriendly "too cool for school" service from the staff. Would it hurt to crack a smile or try to engage your customers a bit? There's one guy who's consistently nice and fantastic, but otherwise I've found it pretty surly. This is one part of trendy restaurant culture I could do without.
4_star After a 20 minute wait on a busy night with a convention in town we were seated and our drink order came out quick. Our waitress helpful. I had the surf and turf filet with lobster topping. Perfectly cooked and delicious. Others ordered ribs and carnitas. Both enjoyed their meals. Wait staff was attentive. The atmosphere was fun and the patrons happy and having fun. Good vibe. This is a good "go to" in downtown. Here I think you will get your moneys worth. Our primary waitress got the orders to us fine but seemed to be having a bad night.
4_star Très bon, tagliatelles au presto et chèvre pour moi, mes amis pizza carne et pâtes aux crevettes/tomates cerises/persil MAIS la quantité pour les pâtes compte tenu du prix est insuffisant, excepté pour la pizza ou c'est correct, nous restons sur notre faim, dommage :( service très bien également.
2_star Tyied the kofta . There is no spices at all. Prices are high to vompare with other pkaces . I love meditrenean food but would like to eat tasty meditrenean food.
4_star It took some convincing for this hole-in-the-wall Chinese restaurant to serve me (a Westerner) the authentic Chinese food they were serving their Asian patrons (there is no English translation for the true Chinese menu), but once they knew I wasn't going to settle for sweet and sour chicken or ginger beef, they had some great suggestions. I ate a delicious, though expensive, Lobster Chow Mein with an egg-based cream sauce, complete with head and entrails. I was skeptical about the fried rice with salted fish I ordered to accompany it but it turned out to be wonderful. I finished the meal with a complementary red bean dessert that rounded off things nicely. The portions are generous and you can get away with one large dish + a rice dish for 3-4 people. Don't expect to be blown away by the decor or the service but if you're looking for authentic Chinese food in Calgary this should be on your list. Be sure to make it clear to the server that you want CHINESE food, otherwise you may get stuck with the standard Western-style "Chinese food" you can find almost anywhere in the city.
3_star Apps were great. We had cox oxtail fries and duck bun sliders. All high quality and good flavor. Burger was darn good as well. Not the best ive had, but enjoyable. Service was very good too. I would have given 4 stars but the flies were ridiculous. We sat inside and kept swatting flies. It really took away from the experience. It also makes you question the cleanliness of the operation. This is Vegas and indoors, flies should never be this bad.
1_star I went to meet my mother here for lunch (she is a regular at this place ). So first, the atmosphere was good. I ordered the pulled pork sandwich (garbage), the pork was tough and really seemed like yesterday's left overs (after it sat out and got dry), overloaded with a overwhelming bbq sauce that still couldn't mask the flavor of the nasty pork! The fries were good, and me trying to be positive, just figured some cooks have different standards (I wouldn't dare say Chef!). So that said, I hadn't seen my mother in a long time, and she seemed to be enjoying her food, so I didn't mention how much I disliked my food (although it was evident after I didn't take more than a couple bites after I had just talked up how much I would like a pulled pork sandwich). The last straw for me was when as we were walking out, our waitress mentions, loudly, to the hostess "wow they took forever". I figure she hadn't seen her tip yet, and I probably should have went back and taken it back! but I did nothing as she gave us another sarcastic comment before we left. I will say again, my mother is a regular here so I didn't want to make her feel uncomfortable. I kept my mouth closed, even though I feel we did nothing wrong for sitting there for a couple hours catching up on missed moments. we bought food, drinks, and tip well.. I thought that's what restaurants were for?? Please correct me if I'm wrong!
1_star Sadly underwhelmed. Decor was dusty and saw some cob webs. There were two certificates of excellence, stained, stuck frameless in with some dusty candles. The walls in the ladies room were dirty and not sure why the lion head fountain has such a looooong tube coming out of his mouth....looked like a cheap fast fix. I was grossed out by the fact that the older lady manager kept licking her fingers to go through order slips. I don't want to see any food service worker doing that on the dining floor. Food: appetizer order was wrong twice, red sauce on the gnocchi literally tasted like a tin can ,lobster was rubbery and without taste. I ordered a well done steak and it was pink throughout. I cut it up and had a few bites and spit a bit onto the plate. When the waiter asked how it was I asked him if it looked well done to him....he said not at all. Then, he asked me if I wanted the chef to put it back on the grill.....that disgusted me. To think they would put food onto the grill that had been bitten into. I had lost my appetite at this point and refused anymore food. Suffice to say, don't bother with this place.
2_star Had lunch and was quite disappointed. Ordered the Emparedado de Pollo which is described as poached chicken breast on a Cuban roll. The roll was great as were the avocado slices BUT I found only a very thin slice of chicken with very little taste but it did say poached. It did not say it was a thin slice of deli chicken! The fries were OK although definitely not homemade. Eventually the waiter asked if everything tasted good and I asked "where is the chicken" so he immediately turned and walked away making no comment of any sort. For $10 I do think I was ripped off. Needless to say I will not return again. I should say I was here about a year ago and everything was fine then. Do not remember what I ordered.
4_star HH here is awesome! if its not already playing, ask and they'll play K-pop. I'm korean, the sushi is blah. the ddukbokki is good, decent - expensive tho! $13 for what should cost no more than $8/9. love the skewers. there are rice bowls with meat - the portions are not super-sized, so if you're looking for quantity, this isn't the place. nice chill (not crowded) place to come relax after rough day at work. it's a bar though, so if someone comes in & wants to smoke, they can :( HH prices really can't be beat & their soju is very tasty!
1_star Worst place I have ever been. Got condescended by the bartender as she asked me "do you see the clientele that comes here?" Overall it looks like a dive bar to me and then the disrespect from a bartender. I'm paying clientele as everyone else. Then when asking to speak with a manager she clearly told me I should just leave. Will never recommend and overall service was ridiculous. I'm astonished by the way I was treated I wish for no one else to ever feel this way.
4_star My hummus appetizer was huge and delicious. I wanted to eat all of it but it really is better for sharing. I love lamb so I had the 8oz lamb chops. Really good I wish there had been more. My potatoes were good but nothing to write home about. The rice was nicely spiced. The lamb was served with tzatziki which really added to the flavour. Nice atmosphere and beautiful outdoor patio. Service was friendly and quick.
5_star We love this place! So much better than the others like it. Super fresh and super delicious!
5_star My husband and I, come here every once in a while. The food is fresh, the burgers are good. But we come for the salad! We like this place because it's always clean, and their customer service is awesome as well. Yesterday morning, we had breakfast there. We were greeted immediately by Dominick. His upbeat, yet professional attitude is amazing. I work in this type of industry, and it's awesome to see people enjoying their job. Anyway, I go for the usual....he made a recommendation, which I took. And it was delicious. Southwest Salad Wrap! Yummmyyyyyyy! Our food did not take long at all, but then again... If we would have gone during lunch, I would have expected a long wait time. The tables were clean, and Dominick must have walked around 3 or 4 times, as well the other lady, to ask us if we were doing alright. These people truly do go above and beyond, and it's so refreshing to see.
5_star Make your own special pizza just the way I Want it. Choose peppeeoni, feta, pineapple, olives, bacon. Tasted fantastic together. Can add so much more. They are quick preparing but it's got to melt together. Worth the wait.
4_star Food was good and service was good. I had the Huevos Rancheros and it was really good, highly recommend it.
1_star HEARTBROKEN! I've been to Casa Sushi two times: my first time was a week ago and my last time was 2 days ago.. the first time I went here, I fell in love with the place. The food was delish (i ordered the salmon teriyaki bento box & the dynamite rolls), the service was very good and the atmosphere couldn't have been better.. plus it was inexpensive...I COULDN'T WAIT TO GO BACK... 2 days ago, i ordered the same exact thing. I ate everything and was almost done with my rice, when I spotted something ... CRAWLING IN MY RICE!!!!!!IT WAS A TINY LITTLE WORM!!!!!!! I showed my friend, and we were about the vommit. We showed the waiter and a few minutes later, I think it was either the manager or the owner came. She apologized and asked if I was okay. She told me she didn't know how the worm got on my plate. She said I wouldn't have to pay for my bento box and offered to make me a new one. At that point, I didn't have an appetite, so I said no. My friend didn't end up eating the rest of her bento box. I was really dissapointed. I really loved this place. Casa Sushi was going to be my new sushi joint, but not anymore.. Hopefully this doesn't happen to anyone else.
5_star Came for a drink with a friend last week. We were just bar hopping through the neighbourhood and came across Northwood. I loved the cozy feel of the bar. Our waitress was great. I wasn't sure what to drink and she recommended a gin based drink with thyme, I think the Choupette. It was AMAZING! I go out for cocktails regularly and I must say I loved this one! My friend got a classic old fashioned which was also great! Can't wait to come back and try more cocktails!
4_star Came here based on all the good yelp reviews and amazing photos of the chicken. Wasn't really sure what to expect from this place since it's the fanciest place I've been to for fried chicken. I ended up ordering the blue plate special and some cornbread for the appetizer. Cornbread was very yummy -- I love the little bits of jalapeño inside! The chicken was very juicy, crispy, not greasy or oily, and surprisingly not heavy, if that makes any sense. The biscuit was pleasantly crunchy, but not overly so. I was expecting the biscuit to be fairly dry like any other biscuit but it was not! Quite refreshing. Everything on the plate goes really well together, including the hot sauce! Sounds weird but the watermelon tastes really good dipped in the hot sauce haha. Will definitely be back!
4_star Went here with Amanda B. and loved the food. I had a traditional pasty and Amanda gerously offered me a taste of her Mexican flavor inspired pasty. Both had excellent flavors and the pasty pastry bread was so flakey and buttery. Just like ones I used to grab from the local lunch stops in every town around the UK next to a metro station. And yes, the service is slow, but the price, taste and size of the meal all makes up for it.
2_star My sister and I had a 3-course dinner there on a Groupon deal. It may have been an off day for them, or maybe it was because we had the Groupon, but the food was disappointing. We both ordered mostly fish items from the menu, and found that most of the fish tasted and smelled less than fresh. The preparation was very good but you can't turn not-fresh fish into a fantastic meal. The ambiance is very nice. The service was just alright, almost impatient (again, maybe owing to the fact we had a Groupon!).
5_star LOVED this place! We came here with friends that live in Las Vegas and they introduced us to this amazing place. I fell in love with the hoisin duck rolls, stuffed dates and the mac & cheese. It was also my first time having tres leches chocolate cake which was like an orgasm in my mouth! the sangria is delicous and they have soo many different types of mojitos there to try. The prices are excellent. I can't wait to go back!
4_star The staff was super attentive. Food was yummy...more tex-mex like. The view was awesome! You could see the whole valley. I went for lunch with my family and it was pretty quiet compared to the weekend (according to my Mom), but it was a Wednesday afternoon and we were looking for something good! It really seems like it would be a fun nighttime bar/food spot....I'll definitely visit when I'm in town again! BTW the margaritas looked awesome....alas I didn't try one.
2_star This place has a 4.5 star average??! WTF?! Maybe my perception of what a wine bar should be is wrong. Couple of points... 1. Wine bars do not have ping ping tables 2. Wine bars have more than 6-7 wines by the glass 3. Most wine bars have an eclectic and varied menu with gourmet options for pairing. This place has a personal-sized pepperoni pizza! WTF?!
1_star Couldn't eat here. Walked in to an almost empty restaurant and sat down. After a few minutes we were greeted by friendly staff and were brought waters. When we received our water we noticed things floating in my glass. Then noticed their 93 health rating score. We got up and left before the staff came to take our order. Totally disgusted.
5_star We didn't order sushi because we want to eat something hot. So, we ordered the Pork Don Katsu and Beef and Scallop Teriyaki. They were awesome! And also, the waiter and waitress were very nice and friendly!
4_star This use to be my stomping grounds when I lived in Calgary & I have to say it hasn't changed (which is a good thing). The food & service is still fantastic. We stayed a bit for the live band in the evening, but was disappointed at how long the band took a break. We were on a high & enjoyed the music in the lounge, but left after more than 30 minutes of waiting for the band to go on again.
4_star In the upper midwest, when soemone says "mexican food" the immediate thought is usually of some varaitey of tex-mex, or god help us something vaguely resembling outsized taco bell entrees. And that stuff has its place - it's great comfort food and who can't say they've had a post-bar-time craving for a big plate of unnaturally orange nachos? This is not one of those places. Mexican food is diverse and varied, and La Mestiza chooses to focus on the home-style foods of Oaxaca. While they have a selection of tacos, tortas, and tamales, they also feature a lot of slow-cooked braised meats, and really that's where the action is. Stewed lamb, slow-cooked pork, carnitas, in sauces of pasilla chiles or a dark mole poblano - this is the real deal. They even do a respectable ceviche, something one usually doesn't expect to find in a strip mall. Unfortunately the rice and beans as a ubiquitous side dish are pedestrian. I've had worse, but I've also had better. The opening salvo of fresh tortilla chips with salsas is quite nice. It's something every mexican restaurant does, but the chips here are usually hot and just slightly greasy from their recent frying, and the salsas are different from the tomato-and-cilantro affairs that grace most tables. A somewhat hot, smoky, slightly bitter red chile sauce on one side, and a soft, vegetal green sauce on the other. You can order guacamole, but it's best to skip it - it's nothing particularly memorable and, while traditional, lacks much flavor beyond avocado. They're licensed to sell drinks, and make a mean margarita. They are, on the face of it, more expensive than your standard taqueria or tex-mex establishment, although it's slightly deceptive. Portions are large for dinner, and lunch hours are graced with very reasonably-priced lunch specials that are generally slightly smaller versions of their flagship dishes.
1_star *DISCLAIMER* Awful and unapologetic service! Though many reviews offered high marks for this restaurant's food, in my book, the thing that sets the tone of the restaurant is its service. When we (3) first entered the restaurant, no one greeted us and there was a party of 10 and 2 in front us. Many people showed up after us, so it seemed that the restaurant was popular. After 25 minutes, the party of 2 left while the party before us waited an hour before they were seated. And yet even after they had just been seated, a party member had to grab the menus themselves from the front because of the lack of service. If a restaurant receives as many high reviews, then high quality service has to be accompanied with it. I don't care if the food supposedly tastes good. If the servers don't even apologize, let alone acknowledge you, why bother?
5_star Mad respect for new exec chef Justin who brings a lot of talent and passion to Atomic. His rustic refined cooking is something that has been sorely missing from Vegas for a long time. Haven't had a chance to work through much of the menu yet, but Kingsley Wing is great, harrissa carrots a classic (coriander cream, yum), and the Cuban is a flavor bomb of porky goodness. Chef is also a madman, already putting out fantastic specials nonstop. The chicken livers with mushroom ravioli and greens was amazing. Drinks are also fantastic. Should sell the Glass Onion as an aromatic mist to be enjoyed throughout the day. And be careful you don't get so loaded your inner fat kid starts crushing bread pudding at the bar "to sober up."
1_star Very disappointed. Had a craving for the eggplant panini. But when it arrived it was more find Waldo than a premium panini. From what I remember it used to have a big eggplant piece but now it is shredded. I don't mind it being shredded or whole but for goodness sake at the price it costs it should have more eggplant. It shouldn't be just a few white strips. When I spoke to the host I was told a cold "this is how our sandwich is" disappointing.. Our server was much friendlier and got us a $4.25 discount ... Fortunately she is much better at customer service... I will probably try again
5_star Amazing restaurant with amazing food!! Sam, our server, had such great recommendations. We had the burrata for starters, original chopped salad, braised short ribs, and for dessert, cocoa jar and financier. Omg. Amazing!!!! Our host, Lex, was awesome keeping up to date with the World Series score (since there's no tv's here). He's awesome too. Love love love this place. I will be coming back, especially when the speakeasy opens. Yeay!! So happy with new finds :)
5_star Came here on a Friday night, very few people in the restaurant. My friends and I had starter and the main course, didn't see the dessert on the menu. I had a daily soup which was tasted like some kind of mixture tomatoes and spice. I prefer my friend's onion soup, which is awesome. It has a lot of cheese on the surface of the soup. For the main course, we had duck confit, loin of the lamb, and beef tartare. All the main dishes were good, especially for duck. But be aware of that beef tartare was very small, it's not enough for a dinner.
1_star We were so excited to return to Madison (for a very special occasion that family from all over the USA flew in for) and to dine at Tutto Pasta for our big special night out meal. Our 86 year old grandmother has been talking about Tutto for a decade now (last time she was in Madison celebrating another big event!) and we were so, so disappointed in our experience. The waitstaff didn't seem to give a care about us, and in fact, seemed put off when we would ask for more water or olive oil & balsamic for our bread. Since we were seated right in the walk-through area that is directly in front of the kitchen, we were in perfect earshot of all the rude things they said about us to the kitchen staff. I was flabbergasted! I've worked in the industry for many years, and I would have fired my staff if that ever happened! Additionally, before the restaurant even closed, all of the staff were eating their shift meals at the bar, watching TV, barely acknowledging us leaving. Talk about not feeling welcome. Talk about no appreciation for the business. Talk about never returning to Tutto Pasta Trattoria ever again. Was an overall drag of an experience. Tutto, you need to raise the bar on who you hire. They aren't representing you well AT ALL.
2_star As I live only a few blocks away from here and I love Mexican food, I watched with eager anticipation as they renovated this space, filled it with tables and chairs, announced that they were hiring, and then... finally! They opened! The decor is very attractive and the food is good, but the service is horrendous. I mean, it's truly just plain bad. And unapologetically so. While there as a party of four, they admitted that they forgot to seat us and left us lingering at the bar for about 45 minutes, even though we had a reservation, and then once seated, didn't bring us water and chips for another 10 minutes. It took another ten or so for someone to take our drink orders, and so on and so forth. Our server didn't bring a second order of chips until we asked four times and then forgot the salsa, which he never brought even though we reminded him. It wouldn't have been so bad if it hadn't taken so so long to get served our food. We just started flagging down anyone we saw to ask them to get our waiter's attention. It also took some major pleading to get drink refills, get our check, and pay our bill. A really frustrating and loooong dining experience. Even though the food is good (and the grilled corn is super good) I won't be going back until I read that service has markedly increased. Please please, Verde owner and manager, read the reviews of your diners and fix this problem! I don't want to see you fail. And please turn up the heat! Your restaurant is freezing!
1_star Worst service I've ever had and will never go back. I hope the franchisee goes bankrupt. They think that just because you come there to have a drink you should think they are God. The people in there could care less about you. Had to clear my own table to sit down, helped clear the table when I left. Had to summon the waitress over when I wanted another drink. We were one of three three tables in the restaurant on a Saturday night but the incompetent people in there treated us like shit and then the bartender tried to call us out for leaving a poor tip. I'm sorry but you are in a SERVICE INDUSTRY and if you don't service me, you don't deserve a tip. Tips are earned, not deserved. If you want a tip, work for it. I hope the owner contacts me and I will tell them I'll never be back. They thrive on shitty service and good tips from drunk people but as soon as people pay for what they get they have a problem. Worst place ever!!!
2_star My husband and I stayed in Pittsburgh for weeks and wanted to have pho. I read about good stuff here but was very disappointed. We have had Vietnamese food in other states before but here is the worst. We ordered Pho hanoi and mixed fried rice. Soup has no flavour and it seems to have excessive MSG. EGG roll and fried rice is too greasy. Service is not friendly. We don't want to go back.
5_star Pros: Wholesome South Indian food made with care and a home cook feel. Everything is vegetarian (but not lacking in flavor). Star attractions are the Chili Cheese Dhosa, the Scrambled Egg, and the renowned Dhosa Mahal. The chutneys are scrumptious. They also sell some quite tasty samosas and pakoras near the entrance (three or four for a buck I think; affordable for any budget). The restaurant is family run and you get a genuine sense that they see their customers as people. Cons: The Landsdowne neighborhood is a bit rough. Be warned, this restaurant is far from fancy, very humble decor etc. Just saying if that's an issue
3_star 2.5 stars. We've come here several times over the past few years and management is always different. This review is for current management, supposedly 'original' management. I like that we no longer have to order and pay at the counter. We usually order calamari or calamari salad, katsu don. This time the calamari was crispy but bland, the dipping sauce - no, thank you: tasted like mix of wasabi, tartar, and soap. Soy sauce saved the calamari. Katsu don was super delicious and fresh. I was starving, finished mine and then went into a food coma. Staff was pleasant but the lower score is because: the place wasn't super busy (3 other tables, small parties 2-3 per table), and yet when we got there, our table was dirty - wiped away grease streak, 2 pcs of food laying on the table. This place is closer to me than Tokyo Express...so I guess we'll come back.
3_star Decent BLT and fries but at $24 it's a bit pricey for what you get. The BLT across the street at Keegan's is just as good and is a much better value. Server was nice but not super attentive. They don't offer black tea, only green tea so I just drank water. Not sure I will be back in the future. Worth the three stars I gave it.
4_star Indian Roti House has the best roti's. Better than Gandhi Roti and Butter Chicken Roti. The only thing I dislike about this place is the poor service. Whenever I call in, I'm usually placed on hold for over 5 mins or I'm asked to call back later. I was even hung up on once.The 25 min wait for the food to be prepared doesn't bother me, however it takes a very long time for them to pack your order when you arrive for pickup.
3_star Typical pricey steakhouse but didn't wow me. Steak and food were mediocre there are better places in the city when your spending that kind of $.
3_star The first time I saw the place, I was quite impressed and amused by the place. you have very good alcohols there, but they're a bit pricey. The thing that bothered me was the absence of people in the bar... it's a bit depressing when you find yourself in a bar where there's only 3-4 persons. It does have potential though.
4_star Went for an early morning/late night breakfast with the hubby. The atmosphere was lovely, the patrons seemed happy and the wait staff was great. My coffee was never empty! I ordered the French toast with a twist (the twist is that they make their own bread) and it was divine. My only gripe is that there wasn't more! My husband ordered the western omelette with home potatoes (or home fries maybe?) and it was huge. Too much food for him to finish. He enjoyed his as well, commenting on the ham specifically being delicious. I was very pleased with the overall service, surroundings, price and the food. My one bad note (which is not too big a deal really- certainly nothing to keep you from visiting this lovely sweet and homey little place) is that I ordered a side of fresh fruit (HUGE serving!) that had some chucks of ice in it and the pineapples were canned and completely flavorless. I do believe this to have just been a one in a million type of thing, but noted nonetheless for the honesty of the restaurant review. I suggest you check it out and come hungry!
4_star I went on Yelp and searched for Sushi based on my location; filtered the results to highest rating, and Zen Japanese Restaurant was on top of the list. I was skeptical, so I decided to try it out. I reserved a sushi date for two. The area was about sketchy because one side was close to a strip club, and the other side was close to a convenience store. Don't let the vicinity fool you. From the inside, it feels like you're homely and relaxing. The food was great and fresh. You can really taste the difference. I guess a few dollars more to spend, and you'll get more of quailty than quantity. Even though, the food they served was fresh, I still found that it was a bit too expensive. A few orders can run you close to $50 (see photos --- to follow). Overall, since travel time wasn't a factor and it was just a walking distance, I recommend this place. The time spent on gas can offset the quality for the price of the food they serve.
2_star Our waitress was lovely, but the wait time was outrageously long. The restaurant had emptied out before our dinner arrived--I think we waited over an hour. The food was not that good... My chicken taco was so dried out that the meat was crunchy and flavorless. This is not our first time waiting forever and then getting so-so food, so I'm finally leaving a review.
5_star This burger was cooked to perfection, served on a delicious roll and the taste was fabulous! I'll definitely be back!
5_star I have to say they have the BEST crepe EVER!! I ordered the Santa crepe;and my friend ordered the strawberry banana crepe. Both were AMAZING!! I was so full but kept eating They always have the freshly squeezed juice! BTW, the staff are GREAT
4_star Great place! Service was absolutely fantastic and so friendly -- the staff here really make you feel welcome in their fine establishment. We ordered the torched mackerel, yellow tail sashimi which had some spicy chili oil, microgreens, and peanuts on it, the BBQ eel bibimbap, and the yuzu ramen. The torched mackerel was mindblowing. I think the server mentioned that they marinate the mackerel in a mixture to get that complexity of flavour. Honestly, it's a beautiful mouthful after mouthful with this dish. The yellow tail sashimi was a great, melt-in-your-mouth texture and the kick from the chili oil was fantastic. The BBQ eel bibimbap, mentioned by many other reviews, was rich and smoky. Yummy. Now, the yuzu ramen was definitely the weakest dish of what we ordered. It's a dry ramen (so no soup broth). Everything except the grilled shrimp was kind of bland, which was disappointing. That being said, the shrimp was grilled to perfection. All in all, a great experience. The yuzu ramen brings it down from a perfect score from me, but I'll definitely be trying this place again!
4_star This is my GO TO dim sum place when in Vegas. It feels like the dim sum places from home where we would go on Sundays, with the carts and the loud chatter. You have to flag down the carts and yell in cantonese or mandarin to get your order through. Thankfully, the only conversation cantonese I know involves ordering dim sum... My Grandma taught me well. This last visit, I was pleasantly surprised to find some yummy durian desserts...
4_star Clean, very nice service. Pleasurable first experience. Combinations and dinner plates are the way to go.
3_star I've tried the garlic knots, pizza, ravioli, gnocci, eggplant parmesan, and rolattini. I give this restaurant 3 stars because I like the pizza and the staff. I don't like any of the other dishes I've had here aside from the pizza so I'll just get that moving forward. My boyfriend likes the food here.
4_star I work really close to here and love noodles so though the reviews here are super harsh I tried it. To be honest I don't understand most of the reviews. It's a trendy noodle fusion place, don't expect more. I was seated immediately (adequate seating for a lunch rush) my waiter was super helpful (knew the whole menu and gave appropriate recommendations), my food came out super quick and was hot and delicious. (Bonus, they have wifi and it's not weird to whip out your computer on a lunch for one.) I got the spicy octopus udon. It was delicious, however, I didn't know before ordering this dish that I don't like octopus (Trying something new!), so I can't really comment on the octopus itself. I ate everything else in my bowl however and it was perfect. I also got the fried chicken bun. It was okay, but I should have went with the waiters suggestion (pulled pork, or the west side market) Anyways, try it for yourself. It's worth it.
1_star Horrible to say the least! I placed an on line order and when I went to pick it up I sat at the drive thu window for 10 minutes without anyone interested in helping me. I called from my car to let them know I had been waiting and would appreciate if someone could help me! Angie who answered the phone hung up on me then swung the window open and yelled at me! Needless to say she had someone else hand me my order because I wasn't about to take her attitude! She will loose at ton of business for the already struggling Bellacinos! Bellacinos management might want to give this woman an attitude adjustment or there will be plenty more dedicated patrons like myself who won't be back!
2_star I really wanted to like this place. I have heard about this place for many years and thought it must be great since it's been in business for decades. The decor was interesting with tons of old photos covering the walls but in the end it seemed to be a tourist trap with bad service, bad food, and somewhat high price point with meals starting at 22.95-40.95. Meals include choice of salad or soup, garlic bread, free wine, and cup of cappuccino. The soup and garlic bread were good. The free wine wasn't great, but drinkable. The pasta taste like it came out of a box and the sauce taste like it was poured out of a can.
1_star where do I begin? Poor service (never asked of we wanted more bread, we asked for salt/pepper - it never came, our dirty plates sat for 20 minutes, 25+ minutes between apps and dinner). The food was way overpriced, tasteless, and weird (grilled chicken with the chicken parm). Every single thing we ordered was bad and bland - it was almost amazing how bad it was. Would never recommend or return here - go across the street to Mia Bella!
3_star I like the conveyor belt of sushi it's made fresh and you can pic the different types of sushi as it goes around the belt, awesome service as well.
5_star In a word, heavenly! This food is divine. I am so excited to finally have an authentic and delicious Thai restaurant right here in Surprise. I've been in three times and each time gets better. I love the Thai hot Tom Yum soup with mango sticky rice. Friendly staff and fairly quick service too. I'm going to come more regularly.
2_star I'm shocked that this place has gotten such good reviews. Its fun, I suppose to watch the food going around and around. I've enjoyed places like this in Hawaii, but for me its the quality at the end of the day that makes or breaks it. The quality was horrible. And I'm not really a sushi snob. But this was really pretty darned bad. Every single item that I tried tasted exactly the same. It was only the texture that changed with each new item, and lets face it...the texture on seared tuna isnt really all that appetizing. Yes, it was cheap. Yes, it could be fun and yes, the staff was very sweet. But I can't go back...at least not in this town where there is good sushi at almost any corner.
3_star Underwhelms. The flavors are off and far from authentic. We ordered a chicken vindaloo roti (extra spicy) - the spice level was just right for me but the curry was too sweet. The extra spicy level cut through the sweetness a little. We actually used the curry as a dipping sauce for the samosas because they were out of tamarind chutney! Also ordered the Malai kofta roti and there wasn't a hint of paneer (which is supposed to be the main ingredient) in the kofta. It was potato based. And the curry wasn't as rich as it's supposed to be. Pretty average meal. Much better options for this kind of food elsewhere in the city.
4_star The food and the ambiance are always good here, but our experience was enhanced this time by a lovely French/Italian waitress named Stefanie who was an utter delight!
1_star A small spider at my table - the guy killed it and whisked it away like nothing ever happened.
5_star Wow, I don't know much about Poke bowls, but this was wonderful. It was a little expensive so not an everyday lunch place (for me). But will be coming back for sure! I think I'll work my way down the menu and will have to pop in on a Saturday. My first time was Friday Jan. 20th.
4_star Reviewed Dish: Cheeseburger & Double Cheeseburger, Milkshake Reviewed during: Mon - Fri Lunch time Service Speed: 3 / 5 Cooking speed: 3 / 5 Food Quality: 5 / 5 Food Quantity: 3.5 / 5 Price: 4 / 5 Cleanness: 5 / 5 Repeat: Yes I tried Burger Priest on multiple occasions. The meat is so tender, juicy and tasty, even eating it 30 min later after a co-worker bringing it back to the office for me. My only compliant is the size is small! It leaves you wanting more! I tried the milkshake another time, they actually make it from scratch. But it's not a repeat for me. In order to compare the burgers on Queen West, I ordered 1 burger from Burger Priest and 1 burger from P&L burger and eat it at the same time. In conclusion, I think Burger Priest taste just a little bit better, but you will be more fulfilled eating at P&L, and the wait time is significantly shorter at P&L.
5_star Pro tip: be prepared to wait. The restaurant is located near the entrance of the Planet Hollywood Casino. I went for dinner at around 6 and was seated at about 7:30 pm, BE PREPARED TO WAIT! Especially for dinner, I had a party of 3. If it's just a couple they will most likely have you wait in line in front of the restaurant. The hostess were very snotty and I was not told any party that's isn't for two must check in with the hostess and they will text you when your table is ready. I waited for about 20 mins before a hostess came to get information for each couple. At that point I was told to give them my information. There was a huge misunderstanding. Be various of the line, it is best to check in with the hostess first. Once we were seated, I started off with the sweet potato fries which where delicious. The food overall was probably one of the best gourmet burgers I had. Although I am not a huge fan of over easy egg, the duck bacon was spot on and the combination of both gave it a great pazzaz. Overall the is a must if your in Vegas. Defiantly worth the wait, it may be pricey for what you are getting but the burger was a mouthful. I would recommend to be spontaneous in what you order because Gordon Ramsey special designed each dish. A job well done!
2_star On a weather predicted gorgeous October Saturday afternoon the bf and I decided to check out West End Bistro due to yelper reviews. We were promptly led upstairs where the decor was very cute. I ended up admiring the decor for a very long time. Two sandwiches finally showed up (40+ minutes). Hunger pangs gnawed at me while I ate my chicken salad croissant sandwich, which with being sooo hungry should have been amazing, but was only ok. Wouldn't go back...not even to admire the decor. Solid but noting memorable or worth a return trip.
2_star The serving size is a joke and the service is outrageous. I ordered a Chicken Caesar Salad through the drive-thru and was surprised by what I had received. Before ordering I had asked the clerk how big the salad would be and he demonstrated with his hands that it was pretty large ($8.75/$9.50a/t) I immediately went back to the clerk and showed him the salad (without opening the lid), and asked if this was the usual serving size of chicken, he insisted it was. I immediately parked and went inside and asked for a refund or exchange. He claimed that he could not except it because I had opened it, which I did not, and denied, and later claimed it was because I drove around with it, I drove around the building to park... I then stated that it was my first time and I did not expect to get this small of a portion of chicken for $9. He reinstated that it was the usual size and he could not do anything for me. I am very upset with this service and have now resulted to Yelp to share my experience, and regret not checking Yelp beforehand to see how BuzzBerry treats their guests. The salad was decent, not far off from one I could have gotten from McDonalds across the street for way less, and also could have received a larger portion of poultry.
1_star HATED HATED HATED it. Won't go back and here's why. TINY menu and 1/4 of that was breakfast. Some of our menus had TO GO stamped on them, not a big deal but wtf? There is a chicken in the logo but only one chicken item. Appetizers - needed the waiter to explain what they were. Only one vegetarian dish on entire menu. We had a party of 10, 3 of us ordered tacos, they were all served together even though we were at opposite ends of the table. It feels like this restaurant is just an experiment and if it doesn't work they'll replace it again. If you are going to do something, commit to it. Out of a party of 10 the BEST comment was the burger was good (followed by a shrug of the shoulders.) I sent the owner an e-mail letting him know about my experience. Got a snotty response saying things like "We serve it one way and one way only" BTW let's be very clear...the Clarendon and the restaurant are separately owned and different experiences.
3_star The pizza is very good and the beer selection is great. The restaurant needs to improve on service. In the last two visits I received the wrong food and this time I had to get another drink at the bar because my waiter went missing for 15 minutes.
4_star The food here is really good. They somehow make green beans and tofu delicious. Miracles never ends. Their orange chicken is the best I've ever had (no hint of that nasty ketchup flavor you get a some places) and the sizzling rice soup...there are no words.
3_star My order was a phone order, and was hoping for a fast and wasy pick-up. Phoned in my order, and waited the 20 minutes I was told. Arrived, and took another 10 minutes for my food to be ready. Kitchen was "a little backed up". So after waiting 10 minutes, my food was ready. Left, but when I got home, realized I was missing an appetizer. Called and told them I was missing an item. Had to go back and pick it up. Said they wre sorry, but that was it. So, my food was cold, my appetizer was warm at best, and I really did not enjoy this to go experience. Everytime I have dinner there, service was always great as well as the food. Will have to consider if I will dine here again.
1_star I was so hoping that The Black Pig could match up with its predecessor in the space (Dragonfly). The food was tasty and the drinks good. Service was attentive, when they had something to serve. Sadly our party of four waited an hour between appetizers and our entrees. The staff tried to make up for this by comping us for desserts, and manged to mess that up by bringing desserts for 3 of the 4 people. Skip the Black Pig and go to Soho Instead
4_star Always a great pick for a meal everyone most likely will agree on. Can always get a seat right away. The waitresses are always nice. My only question/concern, is since there renovation many years back, they have not been busy to the degree they were before. Makes me wonder why.
5_star Five stars for the falafel at Amena! Similar in style to the falafel in pita at Sababa (hummus, cabbage, pickles, tomatoes, etc), but even better. Their pita is fluffy & delicious, like soft little pillows. Falafel are bright green, flavorful, and the perfect size. You order at the counter and when it's ready, you come up and chose what veggies you want inside. They also have a good homemade hot sauce on the tables, and a great selection of bakery items including a really great baklava. Best falafel in pita I've had in Vegas. I wish I'd tried this place sooner... the creepy Trader Joe's strip mall/dive-y location was throwing me off. I should have trusted Misty's review because I've been missing out! And like she said- they sell their pita bread!!
4_star Its been about a year since we came here. They offer a new menu daily with nice selections to choose from . I ordered the wahoo fish . it was nicely done. Always looking for a local place to go for fresh fish. Four hours to the coast for fresh seafood where we usually go. I m glad we found a local restaurant for that. Service and food was excellent.
5_star I love catching these guys whenever they're out and about, whether in a parking lot somewhere or the local farmer's market. Great vegan food that is fresh and creative and extremely delicious! Their beer-battered avocado and BBQ pulled jack fruit tacos are so good! But the fave is definitely the philly cheeze steak sandwhich made out of seitan. Meat gobblers wouldn't be able to tell the difference! Overall, what matters most about these wonderful people, is that they not only serve up gorgeously good food,but they are all plant-based, Non-GMO, use locally whenever possible and omit all refined ingredients. Who said that you cannot eat really well and be healthy?
5_star Great service . Courtney was lovely and cute :) will return for the steak and Mac cheese .
2_star Came here because their menu looked interesting - but a huge disappointment. Food was lukewarm, long wait. I got the California eggs Benedict. What was supposed to be pico de gallo was a cherry tomato, pad Thai fries had a sauce that tastes more like spicy ketchup, eggs and hollandaise were barely passable. Open faced salmon sandwich had salmon that was over-smoked and fishy. Basically you should only go here if you're into mediocre overpriced food and like eating with loud pretentious yuppies
2_star Food was ok, Would of had a better experience if the big black roach wasnt making his way up the wall behind my sister. When we told the waitress about the roach she went and killed it with a napkin and then asked us....that didnt ruin anything for you guys did it???
5_star What a great find for BBQ in Pittsburgh. Great atmosphere. Awesome staff. A great casual place with awesome food. I will be sure to come back. I recommend everyone get the dirty fries appetizer.
5_star Great place, great food, awesome people! Abundant selection of libations, from craft beers to high end Japanese whiskey. I'm a happy man :) Vy rocks!
5_star Loving the antipasto menu, fireside. It is so fresh, the cuts of meat are beautifully sliced. Delicate, tender & they just melt in your mouth with the selection of cheese. I'm a huge fan! This place has the ambience dialed.
1_star The worst burrito I've had in a long time it was a steak bean and cheese burrito was absolutely horrible the steak was some type of mystery meat not even edible borderline borderline dog food.
3_star 1 star = Terrible. Multiple things went wrong. Never going back. 2 star = Not good. I will not go back, but it wasnt absolutely awful. 3 star = Good, not great. I wouldnt go out of my way, but I *would* go back. 4 star = Excellent food. I really liked it. I could be a regular here. 5 star = Phenomenal food. Something truly special here. Meetings all day nearby, and I was looking for someplace close by to eat lunch. This place got good reviews, so myself and 4 colleagues decided to try it out. Overall, its is good not great -- I would give it a 3.5 stars. Prices are really good -- meatball sub and a 20 oz drink for $7.75. Coworkers got a large pizza, 2 liter, and wings for $25. I had the meatball sub. Nothing seemed to be made fresh (frozen meatballs, sauce from a can, etc.) but it was a good sub. The fries were not good -- not horrible, but not good. Coworkers got pizza and wings. They said the wings were really good. I tried the pizza, it was decent. Overall, dont go out of your way to eat here but if you are in the neighborhood it isnt a bad option.
4_star Fun bar, def laid back and staff is legit. I usually start at this place when I hit scottsdale. Dress is casual so it makes the night easier and more comfortable personally. I'm not a fan of getting dressed up. They have a decent size patio which is nice for outdoor day drinking and food is pretty good.
3_star This is one of my favorite restaurants in Arizona! Great food, drinks and really unique and nice atmosphere. However, tonight's service was not on par! Our server skipped me when going around the table to take orders and then she left quick. When something was said when the food was brought out she told me she thought I wasn't eating. Well, I never said that I wasnt eating but did say I was not drinking. Either way, as a server you should never assume. Then when I paid for my diet coke. .. $2.45, I gave her a $10 and she brought me $7 even back! (Do the math) granted .55 is not a huge chunk but that is not right! I was very disappointed, then when we asked who the manager was we were told it was that young lady who was our server. . Of course.
2_star Food quality is low.. price is high.... If the lobster at Congee queen is 8/10.. the lobster here is 3/10. Do not order the fried chicken wings. Tasteless and very pricey. Walk a bit more to Spadina and have some popeye chicken.
1_star First time customer. Won't be a repeat that's for sure. Way too much to write, but I will say terrible service and incredibly overpriced. Payed $37 for 3 sandwiches. What the heck?! Easy on the mayo, guys. Sheesh.
5_star OK as I have mentioned in other reviews I am new to Tempe and am searching for good gluten free foods. Pizza in particular. We called and had pizzas delivered. The only downside was that it took about 40 minutes to get it, but hey......it was a Saturday night, what did I expect?!! Was it worth the wait? Yes, absolutely. I went with the gluten free gourmet white pizza (olive oil and garlic base with sun dried tomatoes, provolone, mozzarella, feta, tomatoes and onions) for kicks I added bacon. When I opened the box it looked ok, but the smell made my mouth water! I could barely wait to get it on a plate. At first I was not sure about the crust, but it was REALLY good! The crust is vegan and unlike any gluten free crust I have had. Great texture and flavor. This pizza was so good I ate the entire thing........granted it is a 12" one, but man! I WILL be ordering this again soon. I am anxious to try the other flavors, especially the Kosmic Karma. Well done Mellow Mushroom! PS - if you are thinking about this, please be sure to read their policy on their gluten free pizzas. They take that extra step to make sure that it is not contaminated from the other things in the kitchen. We all know that in a kitchen that serves gluten items, you can't completely avoid cross-contamination, but the steps they take make me feel better about eating here.
5_star First time here and loved it! Highly recommend the steak shwarma sandwich with the homemade pita. Atmosphere is very warm, clean restaurant with staff that is friendly and attentive. will be visiting again
2_star A group of us are in AZ for business and we tried to come here for dinner after work. They wouldn't let a coworker with a valid out of state license (who was 26 and a non-drinker) in citing an Arizona law that anyone with an Under 21 ID can't come in. It's a nonsense law but the law is the law, until we saw a family with multiple small children be let in behind us. We inquired with the manager who said yes, children are in fact allowed in. Apparently you cannot be a legal adult with valid identification who is not planning on drinking and get into the restaurant, but you can be a small underage child and waltz right in with the welcome mat rolled out. The food was pretty good when we went the previous week (yes, our coworker who wasn't let in had no problem walking inside last week), but the beer was nothing special though I wouldn't be surprised if it was the best around the area. If it weren't for the nonsensical and inconsistent policy that doesn't make a luck of logical sense that resulted in us scrambling to communicate with the rest of out party to change plans last minute it would have received a three and a half star rating.
4_star I used to live by Rock-n-Roll fingers about two years ago, and even though I moved downtown, I still find myself drawn back to this place. The concept is simple - pretty much just chicken, and a few other sides you'd expect from a chicken place. Only thing is, their chicken is amazing. Based on the fingers alone, I would say I haven't had better in AZ. The best part is that they always seem to make them up fresh when you order. This results in a little bit of a wait (5-10 minutes), but having fresh chicken fingers is worth it for me. As far as sauces, I tend to go with the House sauce. It's a little bit like a Remoulade sauce - not really sure what it's made out of, but it works well with the fingers. The only negative to this place is really just a comparison to itself. When they first opened up, they had unbelievable waffle fries. Unfortunately, somewhere along the line they decided to go with regular fries. The ones they switched to aren't BAD, but compared to the waffle fries they just don't cut it. If they switched back to waffle fries I would definitely bump to 5 stars.
5_star Fresh food. Great beers on tap. Very attentive yet not hovering wait staff. The chicken caprese sandwich and mac n cheese are off the hook.
5_star Awesome food and excellent service. Jaenica was our server, she was awesome, very professional and made sure we were always take care of. I will definitely tell all my friends.
3_star We ordered three different sushi rolls. The most expensive was the first choice all of the chefs special. Can't say any of them were particularly good. Overall just Mediocre considering the price. Our waitress was friendly and helpful. Turns out this place closes at 11 while we were there eating the bar closes we weren't even asked for last call and when we walked over to the bartender and has to get around of drinks we were told "sorry buddy I closed down". Really... closed at 11 PM on a Friday night. Luxor you need to find someway to get people to go to that area above the casino floor it seems to be wasted space. Do you have to keep that area quiet so that the noise doesn't follow the rooms up in the pyramid? I would just get soundproof doors put into the hotel room and then make that area a happening place that would make some money. Restaurant rice isn't doing it.
5_star If I lived in Las Vegas (which I never will), I could easily become a regular here. The food is imaginative, well prepared, delicious, and plentiful at this L.V. eatery. On top of that, the service is really quite exceptional in what by all outward appearances seems to be utter chaos. And the prices are VERY reasonable. Six of us ate, and ate well, for $165. Oh, and throw a couple of glasses of wine, iced tea, etc. into the fold. This is obviously a very trendy restaurant at the moment, though rightfully so. It deserves it. My one and only complaint... the noise! I almost knocked the rating down a star for the noise level at Firefly. Too loud! But in reality, I complain about the noise mostly because I'm getting old. If I were younger I wouldn't have even noticed it. Hell, I'd be right there creating it with the rest of them!
3_star My boyfriend and I went for happy hour. Its was really good we has the calamari, beef sandwhich, Reuben. Was really tasty except for the ranch chips, I would not recommend to salty. Taste like They just put ranch mix seasoning on chips. Overall I recommend coming here!
1_star Bof, pas top. J'ai vraiment connu mieux.attrape-touriste!!! Dégoûtée d'avoir fait 30minutes de queue pour ça!!!
1_star Absolutely disgusting unless you like Totino's Pizza. Pretty sure the Italian Sausage was cat food.
1_star Bad service and food was just okay, not great by any means. Our waiter couldn't have been more disinterested in showing any signs of friendliness! I ordered chicken and specifically asked if it were all white meat and was told it was. When I got my order, there was a leg and thigh. When I brought it to our waiter's attention, he said it was half a chicken and had to have the dark meat. Wish he had told me that in the beginning. I only ate the white meat part. The risotto was not cooked properly, was borderline mushy. We were so disappointed, we did not even have dessert there and we always have dessert! After an unsatisfying meal, we had to wait for a really long time for our waiter to bring the check and even longer to get it back after we pointed out an error on the check. No apologies from the waiter were offered! I would not recommend House of Tricks and will not go back there again.
5_star My family went for lunch today. First, the waitress, Emily, was awesome. The best service I've received in a long time. The food was fantastic and brought quickly. I had the grilled chicken with mash potatoes and bake beans. The serving size was very large for the money. Two big chicken breasts. The cheese muffins were awesome. We tried several desserts as a family and they were all delicious. When you go ask to be seated in Emily's section she won't disappoint.
1_star Alexis has this worst customer service and attitude. Will not be going back. I will travel to not have to be treated so rudely.
3_star a while ago, I had their Oaxaca salad. I never like ordering salad when eating out, but really liked the flavor of this. I can understand why this place is popular. The only thing I did not like about the salad was that the kale was a bit gritty/sandy which is exactly why I like to prepare salad myself to make sure it is completely clean....
5_star OMG !!!The food here was great and the service was fantastic! I feel so sad that I have not known this place for such a long time. The new chef and the chef who works on the weekends got some lovely skills. Definitely deserve a five star and worth spending time with delicious sushi!!!
3_star This restaurant is lovely and nested away in an adorable part of Cleveland. I've always wanted to try it as it's very close to my work, so when my husband suggested it I was stoked. Our server was Momo. She relayed the special, which was salmon with wild mushroom risotto and asparagus. Sounded great, so I ordered it. Salmon was cold and medium rare (I like medium well, but wasn't asked tho I didn't specify), and the risotto had goat cheese in it. Granted I didn't pry for details but all I ate was the asparagus until our server finally came back around. I asked for a box so I could cook the salmon more at home, and I also asked if the risotto had goat cheese in it and she said she didn't think so. I told her to not box the risotto since I can't eat goat cheese and I definitely could taste it. She came back with our bill, salmon in a box, and apologized but yes the risotto had goat cheese in it. Thanks for confirming, but no offer to send me home with like, more asparagus or orzo instead? $26 for asparagus. Meh. My husbands french fries, though: those were amazing. I'm sure the food would have been great had I known what I was ordering...
5_star Awesome and very delicious ramen!!! I have eaten here with my family 4 times now, and we all love it (children alike). They have a great lunch special (11am-3pm cut-off time 2:30pm) for $12.99 you get ramen of your choice, 1 chasu, choice of karaage (fried chicken)-fried rice or 5pc gyoza and 1 lemon sorbet. A really great deal! They also have a stamp card if you fall in love with their ramen and decide to eat there more than once. Overall one of my new fave ramen place here in Vegas.
2_star I was excited about trying this place..I heard it was better than In & Out..NO WAY! The line moves fast but they just can't get ur order right...I went at 2pm..not really the lunch rush.. I had to go back 3 or four times to have them fix my order once my food was ready....it took them over 15 minutes to fix the order....by that time everyone else was practically done eating.... I don't understand what all the hype is...the burger was ur typical fast food burger with more cheese and fat....that all I could taste anyway..cheese and grease. Bottle line...nothing special not worth the hype in my opinion!
1_star One of the worst customer service experiences I've ever had. Was charged .50 up front because I asked for ranch, but give it out for free if you ask after paying. I brought it up to the cashier that they were deceiving customers and said it was her job to not disclose that to customers. I asked for a refund and the manager was a huge jerk about refunding it and tried to argue with me that it costs money to buy the ranch. I obviously understand it's an expense, but they should charge everyone. Manager told me to "take a hike" and threw my refund on the counter. Shocked that a place with this terrible of customer service is still in business. Lost a customer.
2_star Great beer, but the chefs have got to learn that medium rare is red and warm! Have been here 15-20 times, and they can't seem to get it right. Tonight, burgers and prime rib ordered medium rare were almost well done. And that is a consistent problem here.
2_star We came here to try this place out not hoping to be blown away but the quality was really not that great after all. We ordered the calamari to start ($9.95), cheese burger ($5, regular $10.95), 1lb wings (11.95), side of fries ($6.95, which we thought was wayyy too expensive for what it was) and 2 bottles of water ($1.55/each). The calamari came out nice and hot but the batter was on the saltier side and the calamari tasted rubbery. My husband and I did not fight for it at all considering we were both pretty hungry. The cheese burger came open faced and you can see right away they were not very generous with toppings. I am ok with that considering I only paid 5 bucks but if I paid full price then i'd be pretty disappointed. I shared this with my husband and we both agreed that 5 Guys (also in Markham, in similar price range) had much better burgers. The dry wings we ordered was the best thing we had all night. They were nice and hot and crunchy. The sauce on the side was also quite nice. However, the fries we ordered on the side didn't take long to get soggy. The portion was quite big but it wasn't good enough for us to finish it all. I wouldn't have ordered it if I knew it was $6.95. A lot of people complained about the bottled water but I wasn't too bothered by it. If your food is good, I'd order bottled water. I can understand this is a small establishment and cutting cost is a big thing to help run the business. However, management needs to understand that there are competitions in the area and they need to step up to stay in business. I don't think I will be back anytime soon but when I do, hopefully I'll have a better review for them.
5_star Came here on a whim, man it was good. Despite it being Friday night it was slow and sat at the sushi bar and the chef on duty was making me roll after roll of the popular ones. I ordered a few more off the menu and everything was fantastic. Would definitely return. Favorite was the big easy roll and spicy garlic edamame.
4_star This is my go to place for Chinese delivery. Never actually been to the store though, most of the food is pretty standard, however the dumplings are fantastic, they're all I order now.
1_star Its the worst burger i ever had, the meat was so dry and salty, Service was slow, the place is so dirty.and top of that you pay almost $12 fir a burger you're expecting to be a good one but its very disappointing.. I never recommend this place
4_star Insomnia's been around forever and it's still going strong! Rec this place for lunch Tried: Eggs Charlotte ($11.50) Insomnia's hollandaise sauce has a bit of a cheesy flavour. It adds a bright colour and if you like a bit of cheese, then you'll probably prefer Insomnia's hollandaise over some other breakfast joints. The eggs were well poached - not as perfectly as Hoof Cafe's but still nice and runny and the side of greens was good to nosh on between bites. Eggs Manami ($10) Ordered off of their "Brunch Features" menu, the Eggs Manami had wonderful curried rice patties. This is a delicious alternative to English muffins, and I recommend this over their regular Eggs Benny.! Home Fries Their home fries are great! The potatoes are freshly tossed in a bbq-y sauce, and they're not at all soggy. These were quickly snarfed and definitely worth adding to your order if they don't come with it anyways. French Toast Heaven on Earth ($10.50) Yummy - It was crispy and filling with a generous amount of fruit. The cream cheese was good, but I would've enjoyed it just as much without. I'm not so sure that the strawberries were wild as advertised, but they were fresh! This was great drenched in maple syrup. Baked Pancakes ($10) So these aren't so much pancakes as cakes-baked-in-a-pan. They are huge and are made to order and from scratch. They are very thick and dense, and take at least 20 minutes upon ordering to arrive. We were definitely stuffed after polishing these off! Chocolate Banana Pancakes & Apple Cinnamon Pancakes While good, I don't think I'd order it for myself but as a post-breakfast treat to share with a larger group. Overall, Insomnia is a bright cheery breakfast joint in the Annex. I recommend it if you're looking for a tasty brunch at a great value. Their pleasant service, bright dining and bar areas, and great brunch options make it a great choice. Definitely a step up from other local breakfast joints that I've tried with respect to service, atmosphere and quality of food. Get the home fries and their egg dishes are quite tasty. I've also been there for dinner. If you go, you *must* try their Climax Cake. It's as good as the name suggests ;). Flourless chocolate torte, wonderfully dense and rich - I would return just for that dessert alone! Their pizzas are also quite good and named after Toronto neighbourhoods - I tried their Annex pizza. Their Mediterranean Platter and fries with aioli are decent appetizers to share with the table - but the pizza would be better. Erin http://cookiesandtomatoes.blogspot.com/
2_star Last time we were here was 1 1/2 years ago and it was fantastic! We just had dinner (6 people) for our friend's birthday...and everyone was absolutely disappointed. The waitress completely forgot about my dinner...after 10 minutes we decided to say something and she brought out some cold, soggy fries to make up for it. When I finally got "Nana's Meatloaf" the 2 slices were _maybe_ 1/4" thick...not anything like _my_ Nana's meatloaf. But it wasn't just me! Every dish consisted of a meager amount of food on a gigantic plate...I'd expect this from other pricey establishments, but not from Greenhouse. The burger (ordered medium) was still cold and bloody. Altogether, we left hungry, $115 poorer and disappointed. We're not in any hurry to come back. The recent hype outweighs the experience.
3_star The Duke of Kent serves up traditional pub food in a cozy spot at the corner of Yonge and Eglinton. Kent is just one of a series of 'Duke Pubs' scattered around Toronto, and judging from the fairly comprehensive website, each has a slightly different décor, but all of them seem to tap into that English corner pub ambience. After a long week at work, I was on the hunt for a casual space to grab a pint, enjoy some hearty food, and catch up with some friends; the Duke of Kent was a great choice...for the most part. I snagged a corner booth with my dinner group on a busy Friday night. When we first walked in, it seemed hopeless. We wanted dinner, but there was nary a table to be seen. The staff did everything they could to make a space for us so we weren't forced back out into the cold to one of the other countless restaurants in the area. That is what service is all about, and we were happy to stay. Many thanks to the serving staff for being so accommodating on a hopping Friday night! As for the food, it is the expected and welcomed pub spread. They offer up fish & chips (yes, served in a basket on paper), pot roast and potatoes with buttered peas, and even bangers and mash. You will find an array of reasonably priced English pub food on the menu, with entrees coming in at about $12 across the board. As I've said before, I tend to go for the specials, and that night it was Moroccan Stew. Unfortunately, I am sad to say it was disappointing. The dish was somewhere between a curry and a Mexican chili, and I was given a healthy serving for the $12.99 price-point. But, I couldn't help but become envious of those around me who had gravy-topped pot pies, crispy fish and chips, beefy burgers and gooey quesadillas. I probably would not have been as put-off by the it if it was labelled on the menu, as it was on my bill - just 'vegetable stew'. It was not as exotic as the name lead me to believe, and with a delicious-looking curry dish on the main menu, I expected more spice and life in my 'Moroccan' Stew special. For a visit to the Duke, I suggest going full-English. I saw enough plates of fish and chips go by to convince me that it is a popular item, and how much more traditional can you get than that? Also, I have the 'famous' deep-fried pepperoni targeted - it has to be famous for a reason! At the end of it all, the Duke of Kent draws in a wonderfully lively crowd, and provides a great atmosphere and service, albeit a bit slow - but hey, it was busy! My food may have only been so-so, but the brew was cold, and my night was great.
4_star Buffets can always be overwhelming since its all you can eat and theres a variety of choices. I've only been to this one for dinner so I can't comment on their lunch options. The dinner has kobe beef, prime rib, duck, paella as some of your options along with salad and sushi. Theres a lot to choose from so you should be able to find something you like. There can be a long line for dinner so be prepared. My friends and I think its worth the $38.
2_star Food was good but the service killed the experience. Servers were disorganized, they didn't seat us forever even though there were many empty tables. They forgot to place our order and we waited over 40 minutes for our food. I had the Pain Perdu which was tasty but couldn't make up for the poor service. Too bad, won't be going there again!
3_star 3 stars, or "A-Ok" perfectly describes CJ Lunch Box. I work in the area and frequent this spot for lunch (as does everyone else in the area I think). The value is hard to beat, for $6 you can get 8 pieces of maki (my preference is red tuna or the tempura shrimp) and a tray of edamame. Miso soup is far from great but it's free so who can complain? I have had the noodles and spicy chicken before and they are pretty delicious, mind you I felt like garbage a few hours later. The fried dumplings fall into the same category. The owner CJ is always so friendly and upbeat and they really do their best to get you in and out quickly.
5_star Inside 99 ranch market. So worth it. Best vegan food in Vegas, made fresh after you order. Made with love
5_star Fantastic is all I can say. I drove 20 minutes for this and I will do it again. Linh, thank you. Doesn't get better.
3_star It's a better sub then what you would get from the other sub places & it should be... $$. The kids that work there don't care, so don't be surprised if they mess up your order or give you some attitude if you make a crazy request, like throwing on a few peppers.
2_star There is nothing wrong with the food, but it's nothing to write home about, either, and the prices are very steep for what you get ($12.50 for pancakes). I much preferred the menu (and prices) of the Bloordale Pantry. This place also definitely needs more vegan options. One good thing is that it's pretty kid friendly, if that's your bag (although I do not think they had a kid's menu).
1_star Worst customer service ever!!! After waiting for 45min all 6 of us got booted out because one of my friend held the door open for his wife and daughter to come in, wow unbelievable, the only logistical explanation I can think of is that the people who works there are a racist ass prick. I am never going back there again.
4_star I love Poké so I'm pretty biased but I liked this place! The staff was very friendly and offered good suggestions. Price was around $10 for a small. Maybe a little pricey but it was a good size and they did offer unlimited toppings. Only complaints are that the decor was very plain, there was no character to the restaurant. The fish was also a little warm (not cold like sashimi typically is).
4_star My go to place for lunch and dinner, great flavors, fun decor & friendly staff. I love the forbidden rice bowl and usually get the soup of the day. Never disappointed. I usually take out because the lines can be long. Highly recommend :)
5_star This is a follow up review of Tom's Urban Las Vegas and my second five star rating. Ate here last September and loved every bite. Decided to eat here again on our next trip in May and brought along another couple who had never been here before. Made reservations online but were able to get in 45 minutes early. We were nervous wondering if we would get the same high quality service and food we had the first time. We were not disappointed! Server and Maggie was attentive, friendly and helpful with menu questions. The potstickers were as good as I remembered-soft, tasty little pockets of goodness with a yummy dipping sauce. I was so excited to eat them I forgot to take a picture so my only photo was of an empty plate. Our friends tried the nachos which they loved and we also tried the brussel sprouts, which were the best I've ever had in a restaurant. Charred but not bitter, and the sauce was full of flavor but not too spicy or sweet. We sat on the patio and enjoyed the shade and the stripside sights and sounds. We took advantage of the 4:00 happy hour prices so even the overall bill was better than expected. Tom's Urban is definitely on our "go-to" list when in Las Vegas.
2_star Highly disappointed. Went to ruth chris in rosemont,il it was excellent came back to try middletons and sad to say it wasnt worth it. I ordered mac n cheese as a side and.... Its out of a box this is disappointing since they do charge 9-10 for the side. I def will not be coming back to middleton!
3_star Update: Chef Dan read my review (below) and was kind enough to refund the meal. As stated in my original review I should have sent the meal back right away, so that part is on me. Great quality customer service. When I go which is probably about a half-dozen times a year for the past several years. I usually just order the Beans and Greens. This past Friday evening I did something different, I ordered the special which sounded divine. Blackened ahi tuna with two different kinds of ravioli asparagus and mushrooms topped with artichoke hearts covered with a cream sauce. Well when the dish arrived I thought it was my dinner companion's meal because all I saw at first was the ravioli. My friend was confused as well because she thought the fish, the tuna was replaced with salmon, was an unripe tomato. It was in fact the smallest piece of salmon I had ever been served in a restaurant barring a piece of salmon sushi. My friend joked that maybe because I was wearing a kimono jacket they thought I want a bonsai salmon. Now I blame myself for not sending it back, this is what I should have done. Now it gets worse. The bill comes, my dish was $36. Sticker shock and disappointment to say the least. Given that the entrees at Legend's are in the $18-25 range I thought that the high-end of that range would be the price of this special. Ah well Legend's if I do return I will go back to the Beans and Greens. If you go and are tempted to order the special, ask the price.
4_star It was a Friday afternoon when my family and I went to this pizza place. It was my husband and two small kids, both under 3. Walking in, there was someone to greet and seat us immediately. I had a couple quick glances to see what we stumbled into. Pretty standard restaurant, booths and tables spread across an open layout. We were the only customers except an old woman reading the paper off in a corner. With no other customers waiting, we got drinks and a highchair right away. The menu is simple but still offers a reasonable variety for a pizza place. The salads, sandwiches and appetizer sections had enough options to take up a page. The other page was the pizza selections, this was full of specialty pizzas along with various sizes. I was going to ask for a kids menu after seeing that we only got two menus but it caught my eye on the bottom. I had also noticed they offer gluten-free food, that doesn't affect me, but it's something worth mentioning. We ordered an appetizer of garlic bread with cheese. Within 5 minutes it was served to the table piping hot. During that short time I was looking around at the horrible decoration. There was no set theme, instead just random paintings and small yard sale like trinkets floating around. There was a bar, but it was not being used they had tables pushed up next to it so no one could sit at the bar. There was a full bar, and a bar menu on the table. Next to the bar menu was the lunch specials we were not told about. We ordered 2 out 3 things that we could've gotten cheaper off the lunch menu, I guess next time we'll know. The main dish, of course, was a pizza- a very simple pepperoni pizza. It looked good and it was a nice size. Again the pizza was steamy and fresh out of the oven, the polite server also warned us about the kids corn dog being very hot and setting it away from little hands. The pizza itself had just enough cheese without being to cheesy or greasy. I myself don't like a lot of sauce, in most cases it's because I don't like the flavor. Their sauce was slightly sweet, contrasting perfectly with that sourdough crust. We all sat quietly consuming the food until we couldn't eat anymore. The server handed us a take-out box for what was left. She then gave us the check and ran our card in a friendly manner. Overall the experience was really good, nothing spectacular but worth trying. For the price you pay, if you live close it would be definitely worth it.
1_star It was alright. Still think YAMA sushi is the best. Too many rules here. Didn't like how there's a limit on baked mussels and desserts!!!! And how you can't order half rolls. There ahi poke salad sucked and barely had any fish in it. Most likely won't be back.
2_star Ordered the Peking Duck. The waitress brought it out to show you the whole duck before carving it up. When they brought out the sides that accompany the duck, I was disappointed that there is a huge disproportion of wraps compared to the carved duck skin, I mean almost 5 duck skins to 1 wrap, like they weren't making enough profit off you so they intentionally give you less wraps because you will ask for more and they charge you for more wraps - thus my 2 stars and not 3 for my review for this point. Other restaurants don't charge you when you ask for more wraps! Taste wise it wasn't any better than other restaurants I tried duck. Their dishes other than duck are a better choice as it's heavy on flavour and sauce typical of northern Chinese cuisine. Second, typical of some Chinese restaurants and this one is no exception, they don't take credit cards. I'll go elsewhere for these 2 reasons when I'm in the mood to have duck
2_star Went here for dinner last night as the BF was craving Asian food. Food was ok and moderately priced for a restaurant at The Wynn, but I probably wouldn't return. Cantonese Potstickers- lots of meaty filling, but the skin wrapper wasn't the best. Mongolian Beef-extremely tender cuts of beef, but the sauce wasn't sweet enough (I hate to say it, but PF Changs is better!) Green vegetables garlic stir fry-probably the best dish as the veggies were fresh and crisp and it included a nice variety of Chinese broccoli, asparagus, baby bok choy, broccoli, carrots, mushrooms, and plenty of chopped garlic! Woo at The Palazzo would probably have been more authentic...
1_star Drove by a couple days ago and saw the guy outside digging in his butt while cooking chicken!!! Completely disgusting!!! I mean come on man you're outside....we can see you!!!!!
3_star Pretty alright. We went in with a buy one get one coupon, and we might return if we had another. Ordered fish & chips, and a turkey burger. The fish & chips turned out nice, the turkey burger was not nice. Turkey burger's meat was spicy for some reason, and came with house-made thousand island which was also spicy for some reason. I don't mean an eye-wateringly powerful spice, or an interesting spice that added to the flavor profile, just an unadvertised "I wouldn't have ordered this had I known in advance" kind of spice. Beyond that, the flavors and textures didn't mesh or impress. And I'm sorry to not be sorry here, but I've grown tired of eleven dollar burgers that are so huge that you can't eat them without a knife and fork. I ended up taking half of this thing home, and then couldn't bring myself to eat it because it was so unimpressive. Otherwise, service was nice enough, and ambiance was okay (construction going on in another part of the building, so there was loud beeping and drilling that echoed around the open floor plan). The five-starry reviews around Yelp are speaking of their regular burgers, so maybe if we ever return we will split one of those between two people. Maybe with another coupon...
5_star The best . Music and great food what more can you ask for? Great service yep they have that to.
5_star What a brilliant place!!! Food great, service even better and the atmosphere , well you just have to go there yourself and experience the place. Awesome everyone!!! I'll be back tomorrow night!!!
2_star I'm torn on how to review this restaurant. Given the lack of choices in da Burgh for Brazilian steakhouses, I might rate it 3 stars. Compared to other Texas de Brazil locations I have tried, this restaurant rates 1 star. Over all, I decided to average it out at 2. It isn't at all bad, but it should be much better. Other reviews have covered the experience so I'll stick to what didn't work, and then mention the things that did. The salad bar is nice, but not half the size of what is normally offered at a Texas de Brazil. I will sometimes opt for just the salad bar, but this one doesn't have the selection. Usually I would tell vegetarians they could eat here and be happy, I'm not sure I would recommend this location. Meat is the star of the show. It was sadly lacking here. The meat we got was good, but they had maybe half as many gauchos as normal. The experience is supposed to be like a meat parade - the meat comes in so many cuts and options, and so fast, that you can't keep up, and very quickly have to flip your card over to say you've had enough, at least for now. Here that never happened. The meats came around so infrequently we nearly always sat with an empty plate before the next gaucho came around. Of the advertised cuts of meat, we saw just about half in the time we were there. Usually picanha is rotated through frequently, but here it came by only twice. Flank and leg of lamb came by once. We were offered filet, chicken, and sausage many times. Also, at the beginning they ask if there is any specific cut you like, and we said beef ribs, which is our favorite. When we were ready to leave, they still had not come out so we asked again. They did come out, but the meat was dried out and not very appetizing. High points were my caipirinha, the lobster bisque, and I'll give them bonus points for the fact three different people asked us if we liked our table or if we would like to move. The experience was summed up by my boyfriend asking at the end of the meal if I could take him someplace else for his birthday, since this wasn't quite what he was hoping for.
3_star Alright, so I'll be honest here, this was my first experience at a hookah bar, so I don't have much experience to go from. On the other hand, I like to think I give pretty fair, intelligent reviews that are well-thought out. I've been here twice so far. (+ positive, - negative, -/+ neutral) + Hookah is superb. I will say their stuff is pretty good. Smooth, not powerful, and flavorful. -/+ Customer service. I think they're decent, but not amazing. They're nice, friendly, and definitely help you out with any questions you may have. - EXPENSIVE. Holy mother of... why would I wanna pay $30 for hookah? It just really blows my mind how much it costs. It is good stuff... but really? -/+ You must order a drink. I kind of understand how this works on the business side of things, but I think maybe it cuts back on the amount of clientele. And it's kind of annoying. I go there for a smoke, not for a drink or coffee. + Atmosphere. Definitely what comes to mind for me when I hear "lounge." Dark, spacious, comfortable, candles lit. It's a nice place to relax for sure. It's wonderfully decorated and you can tell the owners take pride in its appearance.
2_star The food is horrible, service still isn't much better (i did give 2 stars instead of 1). I am hoping this place closes so something better might come in. Location is great, such a waste of real estate.
1_star Abominable food and service! Went here for quick work lunch and ordered a bowl of beef pho and spring rolls. It was around 1:30 and the place was almost empty except for myself and a take-out customer. Waited about 10 minutes, the rolls came and were burnt around the edges but I wasn't in the mood to complain. Overall, they were mediocre. Sauce was good, though. Another 15 min. passed and the noodles came. I appreciated how they served the sprouts and basil on a separate plate. The problem was the soup was barely hot enough to cook them! It was lukewarm in fact, I was quite surprised that they would serve it like that! The beef was dry, I asked for rare but the thing was cooked completely through and was very hard. It seemed as if they had simply microwaved a leftover order from lunch service that was not picked up by a customer.... A couple mouthfuls later I was so disgruntled with the noodles that I asked for it to be re-heated. The sprouts and herbs were still raw. The server moved like a snail and finally got it back to me in 15min. All in all, the lunch about an hour. I will NOT be back. Owners: please do not serve microwaved leftover portions again!
2_star Breakfast...Not so much. Cold bacon egg and cheese, never heard of it. But it exists at Tony's. On soggy white bread, meh really for the price and family feel I thought the experience would be better. The ice cream of course is awesome but I say pass on the breakfast.
2_star The food is not even that good here, my favorite dish is galbi. For the same price, you can get way better food and service elsewhere. Service: 2/5 Food: 3/5 Price/Value: 2/5 Ambience: 2/5
4_star Very good burger, very poor desert. Went there Sunday, the right burger to order is any of the giant ones, the regulars are really small. I'm a hungry guy... Lots of fries though, and my wife loved the Curly shape thing, I think they are called Suzy Q fries?
3_star nothing new to say that others haven't already (overpriced, overhyped, etc.). we got a chicken with caviar and daisho ramen (both meh) and were seated at the bar, right at the kitchen. when we were there, two of the chefs were fighting (one asian, one white dude in a yellow cap) and it was kinda entertaining at first, like watching two siblings who are having a tiff snip at each other for twenty minutes. seemed like the asian chef was mad at the white chef for not doing things right and cutting corners. they had a talk in the kitchen so i thought it was all good and ordered a milk soft serve (also overhyped and overpriced). but then they came back out and started fighting louder this time. at that point i was torn between staying to watch the inevitable blowup or leaving. ended up leaving so i could throw out my milk soft serve in peace. also the white chef was frying something with a spatula and i was worried he was gonna start flinging it at his co-chef and i would get caught in the crossfire. overall the food is just ok. it's the kinda place you go to tell people you went. almost gave it four stars since i got dinner and a free show.
4_star A wonderful salsa bar with more than ten different kinds of salsa. I was seated and given a basket of chips but I had no clue where the salsa was till I saw people queuing at the backside of the room. I had ordered tacos and they came out delicious wit the sides. The food is good but the service sucks. The place gets very crowded in the evening even on non weekends so need to plan ahead if you are going with a big group. 5 stars for the excellent food and the salsa spread, will visit again if I'm in phoenix
5_star The food was excellent, well presented, served hot and extremely tasty. The restaurant is clean and the staff is very friendly and most accommodating. Highly recommended. Came here based on ratings and was not in the least bit disappointed.
3_star I come here quite often. Delicious, but not spicy enough. Which is understandable due the local clientèle. Authentic Caribbean food are by default more spicy.
3_star Typical of hard rocks, same music videos, same mediocre service. You get what you expect. Would have liked see a live band playing or something, after all it is Vegas. They had some cool unique memorabilia that we enjoyed scoping out.
1_star Absolutely terrible service from our waitress. Waited 25 minutes just for bread. And I can assure you it was not busy at all. Me and my family went in at 10 pm, ordered and everything and wasn't given bread till 10:25 and our food barely came at 10:45. Very disappointed because I usually have a great experience but this time, not so much.
4_star Stopped by for quick dinner at the bar (burger arrived within 10-15 minutes which was great). I wanted to change up the cheese with Manchego instead of American, so I chose the Zinburger with Manchego Cheese & Zinfandel Braised Onions (w/light mayo). Overall a great burger, I just thought the onions overpowered the cheese. Great staff, very friendly, and I will certainly come back and try out the Samburger (which I was told is one of the more popular burgers).
1_star Absolutely terrible. No NOT order from this place. I was going to call it a restaurant, but restaurants actually cook food properly and know how to show they appreciate their customers. No, this place is awful. First of all, our food arrived looking like someone dropped a bowling ball on it. The containers were crushed. The chicken dinner we ordered was all legs and far too overcooked that it did not get eaten. We also ordered a 12 piece order of wings with medium sauce which came absolutely naked and flavorless. I called their shop to tell them how bad the order arrived and the "owner" who picked up kept claiming our order was right. I explained to him several times, while receiving a lot of attitude from him, what was wrong and he did not seem to even understand. Eventually he handed the phone off to someone else, while he talked loudly about me cursing in the background. I explain to the second person and eventually I'm told they will be doing nothing about this. I just wasted nearly $40 on food that was not eaten. Let this failure of a "restaurant" go out of business like it surely will. Do not order.
5_star This is my favorite restaurant in Charlotte. I come here because the food is homemade, the flavors are amazing, and they take pride in sourcing and preparing a menu that incorporates quality ingredients. This diner is miles above any other diner I've been to, especially in North Carolina. Haven't had anything on the menu that I wouldn't order again!
1_star Food taste: 2 Time to receive food: 3 Customer Service: - 5 (yes, that's a negative) Cleanliness: 3 Accuracy of order: 0 Liked that the screen is easier to read. Nice printed menus too. Purchased a Groupon (4 burgers 4 sides) gave our orders (one burger and side to go) and was charged $26 and change. I'll take credit for signing and paying albeit confused, my mistake. Apparently lady assumed I only purchased a Groupon for (2 burgers and 2 sides). I pointed that out, she (lady 1) needed help and the lady (lady 2) who helped only asked the cash registrar for an explanation, not me. No sorry no nothing. Immediate refund of $21 no questions asked. I asked why it was only $21 not $26 and change, a brief and now obviously fake glance at the screen and I was told registrar was right not me. Lady 2 walks to the back and cancels 2 burgers and 2 sides. I patiently wait cause I understood the kitchen was busy and there was a line. I explained we needed 4 burgers and 4 fries again, no apologies for their own confusion and mistakes. Lady 2 just says the whole order needs to be cancelled and redone, again no apologies, didn't even offer to help further, just stayed in the kitchen. Lady 1 put in an order for the other 2 burgers and 2 fries (one to go) offered me 2 free drinks which I declined. Guess what came to our table. Yep, 2 burgers and 2 fries (you know, the one pair that was to go). Explained to the server that we ordered 4, again no apologies, checks with the lady 1 at the register and shortly brings our order to us. Fries tasted like fries anywhere else, crispy, plain. Nothing special like before. Burgers were bland, both my husband and son said burgers were 'ok, not really tasty like last time.' As we're eating, I notice lady 2 walking and chatting to other patrons. She stop by our table to make amends? Why of course not. She looked at us though, and walked away. Last week I told my sisters to eat here. Just sent a message on group chat telling them not to waste their time. Few weeks ago told my coworkers to stop by here when they're in the neighborhood, I'll tell them about this visit on Monday. My advice to management: Tell staff to read, slow down, listen and understand how important customer service is. Advice to Yelpers: Smash Burger or In N Out. Taste hasn't changed, service much better. If in Vegas, Wahlburgers.
4_star sangue rosso pizze san pietro (prosciutto + pear + arugula + gorgonzola + honey + fior di latte)
5_star Been coming to Big Sushi since university. Great rolls at decent prices. If you like Salmon and Avocado try the caterpillar roll. Their bentos are also good value.
2_star A Touch of Italy is pretty much a dump. I walked in there with my father-in-law on a Saturday afternoon for a quick snack and almost immediately regretted going in. Something more than a little unnerving about being the ONLY customers in the place except for some nearly passed out or argumentative dudes at the bar. The decor gave me the feeling of walking into a shoddy motel room. Carpets gnarly, plastic tablecloths sticky, and seemingly no chairs without a leg slightly shorter than the rest. I must say that when the hostess/waitress/only employee we saw finally ambled over to our table, she was very pleasant. However, not in the least bit of any hurry to actually do her job. I ordered the "Santa Fe" chicken fingers, and thought to question what that was since I'd never heard that term before and it wasn't described on the menu, but figured how unique can these be? My f-i-l got a simple burger. 25 minutes later (a shockingly long time considering what we ordered and how we were the only people in there not downing adult beverages), I got some strange looking fried items that were the 'Santa Fe' chicken fingers. I took a couple bites and thought something tasted a bit odd. All of a sudden I started to fear that perhaps 'Santa Fe' chicken fingers was code for something else - sorta like Rocky Mountain oysters are actually bull testicles. Took me a while before I realized the chicken was wrapped in bacon and then deep fried. It tasted like homemade batter, so I'll give them that, but the meats themselves tasted a tad undercooked and generally off. My f-i-l's burger, on the other hand, dry and overcooked. If you're in Shaker and needing a place to hide from people in a dark corner but need a beer while doing so, maybe check out a Touch of Italy. Otherwise, don't bother.
1_star Being from Texas I was looking forward to a taste from home. Food was worse than what I could get at Taco bell. Should have saved $$! Service was HORRIBLE with absolutely no excuse. there were only 3 other couples in the whole restaurant with 3 other wait staff. It took us 15 minutes for her to take our cards and another 5 minutes to bring it back.
5_star I wish this place wasn't so busy all the time! But I do understand why it is, because its seriously delicious. I've had a number of different items and have enjoyed each one. Definitely recommend.
2_star If you're a single person dining alone, expect your server to ignore you. The food is fine.
3_star Hello, today I visited SkinnyFATS for the first time. I rated it 3 stars, parts of my visit were impressive, others were not. Allow me to divulge. The menu and food selection are great. Wide variety of offerings, prices in-line with what you get. I was impressed and excited to get on with my meal. I ordered from the Things in Bowls section of the menu, and opted for the Smoke in a Bowl. The meal was good, I would have it again, filled me up, plenty of chicken, plenty of vegetables, nice flavor. It was good, nothing to write home about, but good. One thing I noticed, not sure exactly what black bean salsa is at SkinnyFATS, but I didn't see a single black bean in my bowl. It was very dark where I was sitting in the restaurant so maybe I just couldn't see it. The customer service left a lot to be desired. It's all about training your employees, some owners/ managers take it seriously, others don't. The person that took my order was great, friendly, helpful, nice smile. I should mention I was asked to provide ID as I was using my debit card. I assume SkinnyFATS has been burned repeatedly by their customers using debit/ credit cards that don't belong to them, hence they card you, doesn't say much about their clientele overall. Also, I ordered a Coke, I was truly surprised when I got to the soft drink fountain and Coke wasn't an option. Seems that should have been mentioned to me. The person that brought me my food, didn't say a word to me, not one. I offered a Hello and a Thank You as my food was delivered... my words were completely ignored. Very common courtesy dictates, especially in a retail/ business type of establishment that when offered a Hello or a Thank You by a customer, a simple reply is good business. I assumed the person that delivered my food was having a bad day at work. As I was enjoying my Smoke in a Bowl one of the staff was busy clearing and cleaning the table next to me. As this person started to vigorously sweep the floor beneath and around the table next to me, I lost my appetite. Sweeping the floor stirs up dust and whatever else is on the floor. In my head I was imagining all sorts of debris floating around in the air and landing on my table and on top of my Smoke in a Bowl and in my off-brand Coke. I was disgusted and soon stopped eating. SkinnyFATS and another restaurant I consider to be very similar in concept, Greens and Proteins, are welcome additions to the Las Vegas restaurant scene in my opinion. Next time I'll probably head to G&P where I always get top notch food AND service.
2_star Cookies are great. They always mess up our order. Too expensive.
5_star Excellent Chilaquilas! I highly recommend it! The diet coke was also fantastic, I know that sounds weird but it tasted different, it was really good.
3_star First visit here. Distance is far compared to where I would normally dine on a Monday night, but well worth it to catch up with a close friend. My friend suggested this place because the sushi is good/decent. I definitely can say I have had much better. I do admit the price for the sushi was very satisfying, which made the meal more enjoyable. Apparently 1/2 off sushi night every Monday and Tuesday. I ordered 4 rolls (6 pieces each). - Alaska Roll - Canton Roll - Fried Oyster Roll - Spicy Tuna Roll The presentation was nice, but I think that the ingredients took away from the actual taste of the fish. When I imagine my spicy tuna roll, I think of a restaurant I went to in Seattle. The tuna was infused with spice and wrapped sufficiently with rice, but was not overwhelming with the tuna. Here at Tomo the tuna was lost in crunch crisps? and rice. I felt the same way with my salmon in my Alaska roll. The fried oyster was not bad, but I think it would be more flavorful if it was a larger piece. I did enjoy my sushi with a side of spicy mayonnaise, which was something I have never tried. The girls at my table recommended it. Apparently it's free when you ask for a small dish, while dining in, but $1 if you request it for take out. Overall not a bad experience. I would prob only want to come here for 1/2 off sushi night. On a regular night, I'm not sure if its worth the drive.
3_star Sometime went there .... OK food .... Goos Service !! The owner (lady) very nice !!
1_star The pretzel was great and the beer wasn't great. The margherita pizza was embarrassing at best. We didn't even finish one slice between us. It was a beefsteak tomato cut over what I can only describe as something you'd find in the freezer section with a few leaves of basil. The waitress never came back to the table, nor checked on the food quality. Some rude prick came out to tell me I hope I find something I like next time and hand me the bill... I have to say this is the first time someone has told me to go f@*& myself when I didn't enjoy their food. Save your money unless you're looking for crappy beer.
3_star Very satisfactory, I don't know why people are so harsh. I was actually convinced not to try the buffet dinner last night because the reviews were so negative but decided to try it for lunch today just to see for myself. I don't know what people are expecting but I thought it was very satisfactory; some people have compared it to Hometown buffet and that's kind of what I expect for a buffet and actually I thought the food was significantly a little better than Hometown buffet. On a weekday for lunch it was only about $22 and I thought the meat from the carving station was better than expected. I thought the mashed potatoes and gravy were good and the service was generally good. The pizza and potstickers were the disappointments. I wished it had a little more variety but I guess the full buffet isn't in effect for a weekday lunch and I didn't even try the desserts and i have read the desert are usually the best part. I would repeat going if I were in the mood for a buffet. I don't know how much it costs on the weekends but I thought the weekday lunch was reasonable and repeatable. I noticed the lines get long if you arrive late. I imagine it could be disappinting if you waited a long time and paid much more on a weekend, but I've noticed many places have long lines at 7pm, even McDonalds.
2_star The Denny's at this location has outstanding cooks. Everything is always nicely cooked and hot, I love the skillets. The problem is with the service, the only consistancy is that it is terrible. My observation is not on one experience or two, it is the last four out of the last five times we have been there, no coffee refills, no to go boxes, we waited and waited for ANY service to the point the server in the next section finally helped us. Management needs step up the service.
4_star A big menu selection with even bigger size portions (so big I took half of my sandwich home). I thought my meal was delicious and was impressed with the amount of sandwich/burger options on the menu that I was torn between. Definitely a place to check out in Southside.
2_star Was craving a salad and came here because of the great reviews. Shared a salad and crepe with a friend -- salad was ok. Lots of ingredients but somehow they didn't go together very well, not flavorful. Crepe was pretty tasteless. Place is very cute but food and service not that great.
2_star First off, from Christmas to New Years the price goes up to around $50 a head - almost 50% for what looks like the same food that they normally serve. Crab legs are split in half which makes it difficult to separate the meat from the cartilage. They're also served frozen, and when I mean frozen expect more ice crystals in your mouth than tasty meat. FAIL. The "Kobe" beef was served almost well done which would be sacrilege if it actually were real Kobe beef. The Prime Rib was actually the tastiest meat I had. I forget which piece of fish I grabbed, but it had the juiciness and consistency of cardboard so I didn't bother with any other fish. The mussel dishes were also pretty gross - overcooked and dry. Most of the rest that I tried was pretty average for a casino buffet, nothing that justified the Bellagio premium or the holiday ripoff rate. I for one will never be returning.
2_star This is not your typical dim sum place - this is high end. Presentation is amazing, atmosphere is really nice, no plastic table clothes and paper napkins here. But that star of the show - the dim sum - is average. The price is not average though - over $60 for two people and we weren't even full. The menu isn't that big, so we had to go elsewhere to eat afterwards. If you're trying to impress your Chinese mother in law, come here. Otherwise, there are better places for less and the food is much better.
3_star Gets a 3 instead of 4 because its only a shadow of places like Portillo's, Al's Beef, Wolfies, etc etc. Hot dogs are great, piled high with hot peppers, onions, relish and tomatoes. Isn't grilled enough, as far as I can tell. Corn beef and pastrami, however, are disappointing. They store portions in the fridge/freezer, stuff them in individual rolled bags, and have like 10-15 of them in huge ziploc backs. Take them out to cook; not impressed. Overpriced and heated the marble rye is soggy, and the meat wasn't really great. Will go for hot dogs though man. Delicious.
4_star Any restaurant that produces such a delicious chocolate soufflee deserves full five stars. Its takes about 20 min after you ordered, but I consider this definitely as a good sign: It's fresh! Great seafood as well, by the way. But that's not important ;-) However, if I compare it directly with my other five star locations, it just can't get more then four, sorry.
2_star Place is OK Large menu borders on pho, soups , chow meins -mussels in basil -ok...nothing special -chefs spicy chicken...ok...not spicy really...just a bunch of pepper pods -beef chow fun...like beef stroganoff in gravy Chinese style ...looking around almost everyone was having soups so maybe that is their forte?
3_star The location is great as it is right off the freeway and near the Chandler Fashionsquare mall. The smell of the woodfire grill is evident when you enter but not overpowering. The restaurant was nice and classy. Prices were slightly high but my chicken sandwich was good. The chicken was tender and the veggies were fresh. The bun was very light and almost flakey. The fries were stale and unimpressive. The server seemed new and nervous. Overall I was satisfied but not overly impressed. I would go back.
2_star I don't know who to be mad at... this "bar" or Yelp. Walked in after reading all the good reviews wanting to enjoy a drink in a nice atmosphere on a Friday night away from the over crowded St. Laurent. Walked in and asked to sit at the bar to enjoy a drink...the employee responds "this is a pub you have to order food not just drinks" What!?! I am not from Montreal so I do not know if this is a regular thing, but later that night having to find another bar I asked the door man if we had to order food or could we just have drinks... he just looked at me with confusion and laughed telling me no you can just order drinks...I don't know why yelp has you under bars (bars you can order just drinks) or American (in america ((minus fast food)) you can go to a restaurant, sit at the bar, and just order drinks)... bottom line Im sure this place is awesome...if you are going to order food, but if you want to order just drinks and relax...go elsewhere
4_star I had the daily special where you combine a BLT sandwich and a piece of pie. I don't have to mention that the pie was great but actually; the sandwich was not bad either. Friendly staff and a nice neighborhood adds to a great experience.
5_star Had the beach house burger, which was really, really good. Green chilies made it awesome. Fries are crispy and seasoned, real delicious. I work nearby and I know I'll be coming here for lunch repeatedly.
1_star Not so great. My wife had the special (roast beef) and I had the veal. Both sauces were packages, the meat was flavorless and the veggies were barely warm. Maybe their pizza and pasta are better? Atmosphere is better upstairs versus the cafeteria feel down stairs. Looked like they had a nice patio. Wait staff were friendly (our server), however the one serving drinks didn't know anything regarding the food specials. Not great team work.
4_star Very eclectic food variety and very, very good. The waitress was delightful. Highly recommend if you are looking for a contemporary buffet on the strip.
5_star Ive been here many times, the food is great and at a good price. The drinks are also great (5 dollars for Sake and Beer!) and so is the service. Its alot of fun and there is great atmosphere!
3_star Went on Father's day. I will preface this review with that yes I know that Father's Day is probably one of their busiest days of the year. I will also say that I don't blame our server for the slow service we received, I think it was management's lack of having the store being properly staffed for the day. My steak was cooked perfectly and the sides and salad were good. So on those merits I will give three stars. But the speed of things left a lot to be desired. We were seated immediately, but didn't get greeted or have our drink orders taken for 15 minutes. The waiter kept trying to make it to our table to get our order but kept getting short-stopped by impatient people at other tables. He obviously was getting overwhelmed. After our drinks finally arrived 15 minutes later he took our order. Then finally after an hour after being seated we got our entrees. I should have taken the hint when the waiter did that thing where they just throw the check on your table without asking if you want desert, but we ordered desert anyway, which turned into a half hour ordeal after first placing the order. Then my daughter received the wrong item and we had wait another 15 minutes for them to fix it. So almost two hours after being seated we finally left. Luckily I had really good company, and overall had a great tasting meal. It is just that it was at the speed of some french restaurant where you get the table for the entire night.
2_star Service was very slow and bordered on surly. Plenty of other options in Vegas - take them.
3_star I wouldn't say it's bad but it's certainly nothing to write home about. The meat is average and they bring the same thing over and over again instead of the advertised variety. If you buy the one with fish and seafood you have to ask for more our you wouldn't get anything more. The service is a bit slow, you have to remind them of your ordered refills.
3_star Came here with my family for dinner during the holidays. The price was good and the the quality of the food was not bad. There were not too many choices, but you get what we pay for. I liked the relaxed atmosphere in this buffet compared to the busy and established ones at the big strip hotels. I would recommend this buffet to anyone. Just remember the food is basic, but it is pretty good.
5_star I am addicted! Everything I have tried is very good. Plan to be hungry, the portions are generous. Came home today to find a menu on my door so now they deliver! I will have to add an extra workout, but it will be so worth it.
4_star 4 stars, because I have only been here once. Consistency is key. The quality here is top notch. $7 for a quality product is not over the top. Really good food has a cerebral quality to it for me. The flakiness of the pastry, the butter, the savoury flavours and texture. Stop staring out the window during lunch and truly feel the flavours you are experiencing. If you want more food, then but another pie. If you are complaining about the prices, then go spend $13 at a mega fast food joint where the packaging has more nutrition and flavour then the food.
1_star We were seated promptly and wait for about 10 minutes before a bus boy brought us water. We waited another 10 minutes for our waiter to take our drink order, and 15 minutes after that we still hadn't received our beverages. Finally we left after being seated for more than a half hour without having received anything at all. I won't be back.
2_star The food was alright, but nothing really stood out. We had the Spicy Miso, which was zero spicy, and a handful of the "small bite" appetizers. Nothing was bad, but again, nothing was really good. The waitstaff was really annoying, and we didn't really have just one waiter. There was about 4 or 5 different people that constantly checked on our table, each bringing us/refilling our waters without asking. Usually this is something I'm for, but at one point we had 12 glasses of water for 6 people at our table. Instead of taking away the empty cups, the random waiters just continued to fill them. This is also one of those places that doesn't write your order down, and they attempt to memorize everything. Some places do it well, however this is not one of those places. We had to remind our waitress a handful of times about missing items that she forgot to put in, and they brought us wrong food twice.
2_star I found the food very greasy and heavy for my taste. Some of it did taste very well but I found a lot of it overly greasy. I really dislike having a film of oil on my lips. We had a big group we had the dinner for 8. I thought everything was fairly average. I did not like the dumplings they were large in size but so oily. The salt and pepper squid was really salty and the squid tasted off. It tasted like bad fish to put it bluntly. I ate two pieces and refused to eat any more. I got a wicked headache. I'm pretty sensitive to food so I'm guessing it would guess it was something in the food maybe all the salt and oil my body is not used to. If I had to pick a "favourite" dish I would say the beef and broccoli was pretty good. I don't know if I would come back. It has parking which is nice but the stalls are pretty tight.
2_star We had a 70th birthday party for my girlfriend. There were 15 of us. When we arrived arrived for our 5 o'clock reservation we were told we had to be out by 7 o'clock because there was another party at that time. We just got done paying our bills at 7:10 and the birthday person was just starting to open her gifts and we were told we had to leave immediately because the other party was here. When we booked we were never told that there was a time limit on how long you could stay. We had to hurry up and gather all the presents and leave. This is very poor customer service and needless to say we will never be back and we will be sure to spread the word. They rushed us through dinner . The food was served in large portions {entirely too large} and the quality wasn't all that great. They lost several good customers. Just remember if you are having a party make sure you eat fast because you won't have time to socialize. We won't be back!
1_star Major disappointment. The service was excrutiatingly slow in spite of the fact that the place was virtually empty. The food was glop...the "pan roasts" were poorly cooked pieces of shrimp is a sauce that looked and tasted like it was Campbell's cream of tomato soup. I will never return, and wouldn't recommend this place to anyone. It's worth noting that right next door in the casino is Austin's which I think is one of the most underrated steakhouses in town. Sadly, the oyster bar is nothibng close in quality or service.
4_star This place was excellent!!! Super cute, modern ambience. We went on a Friday night and a jazz band played some nice music. The music was not overwhelming either. You can easily hear everyone talk. There were 9 of us and we got a nice table in the side room which gave us our own space. I'd have to say that my only compliment was the size of my meal. I got the salmon with pea risotto. The portion was very small. But, boy, did it taste fantastic. I don't even like peas and I loved the risotto. I noticed the steak meals were well-sized portions. I had a salad with dressing that was homemade. Absolutely delicious. And then I split the brownie dessert with someone. They add ice cream to it, which is a nice touch. And, last by not least, I am a sucker for giving back to causes. I love the concept of this place. I would definitely go back again!
5_star What a wonderful business. The fries were absolutely delicious (definitely try the kimchi ones!). The owner uses J Kenji Lopez-Alt's double fry method and it makes a huge difference. Perfectly crispy fries and homemade sauces. Everything you could want in a fry shop. It takes me back to Amsterdam.
1_star Owner was so disrespectful, unprofessional and rude. She made me feel unwelcome and didn't care for my satisfaction. It all started by giving me the wrong order and not making the tacos to my satisfaction. Instead of making things right she gave me attitude and made ugly faces. On top of all that I waiting for a whole hour for food. I do not recommend this place!!!!!!!
2_star The overall experience was disappointing. The ambiance is very nice and the service was at par. We ordered the butter chicken and tandoori chicken. The butter chicken was acceptable but the tandoori chicken was terrible. It was evident that the chicken was not cooked after we placed the ordered and was very stale. We complained to the server. We chose the restaurant based on the reviews and the experience didn't live up the overall 4.5 stars the restaurant is rated.
2_star The food was "OK" The Hot and Sour soup was great, it has a nice fresh taste to it, however it's not comparable in richness to the great soup from Peking Man restaurant. The Duck which was supposed to be the highlight of the show, was all fluff, it was just average, not comparable to the great taste and flavours from Peking Man Restaurant. The size was small, it only had one serving, did not come with the 2nd dish as it'll usually do on other places. Not enough sauce, pickles, green onions and other stuff. I went there for the Food, I don't care about how fancy it looks on the plate. The Service was rude and unprofessional. Like playing with your utensils when my friend asked for a set of Fork & Knifes to eat, they did not have bow ready for the soup, no spoon for the soup. The comments from the staff are totally off the mark and uncalled for. The body language and facial expressions of the staff when asked about certain things or asked to bring missing items are those of "not my fault" "what that's weird" "oh so cheap" "what you can't use chopsticks" "what you need an English menu" ... totally unprofessional. Only 2 good waiter staff out of more than a dozen people bussing around. They only accept Cash or Debit Card, No CC, CC are not accepted. Like common your target are Caucasian Western Business Travellers, not accepting CC is automatically losing customers. The price was not an issue we gladly pay what it's worth. This was supposed to be a "High Class" restaurant for Tourists and Travels, but we only got crappy restaurant service from a High Class wannabe. Is it worth the price? Absolutely Not. $90 for a Duck, or $130 for the Deluxe Edition. Was the food good? Passable, but nothing to write home about. Was the portion sizes good? Nah, just barely enough for 2 people. I can eat the whole thing by myself, it was that small. The Peking Man restaurant (Leslie & Sheppard) food and staff are way better and Caucasian friendly for half the price.
3_star The place was nice from the outside and fairly new to Tempe. It used to be an old IHOP and boy does it have a new vibrant look and feel to it. Nice decor and I also enjoyed the music. The waitstaff was a bit inattentive though. The waitress also got my order wrong. I wanted to order the Bison burger but ordered the Graduate burger w/ spicy hatch chili, smoked mozzarella, and citrus mayo. It came plain as day with none of the toppings I ordered. My meal was rectified by bringing me my fixings on the sides. Once I, myself, put together the burger it was delicious. Good food. Just not amazing food. I would come here again.
4_star I've been to this place quite a few times, and it's a favorite with my family. Food is pretty cheap, and their taco's are AWESOME! Simple, americanized tacos. Crispy shell, ground meat, lettuce, cheese and salsa, but better than you could imagine. You get 3 in a basket and I think it's like $5 or $6. The fries, aren't my favorite though, as they are the crinkle cut fries, but they're fries, so I don't really give a crap, I still eat them. I've never had the stromboli, but it's good. In the bar part of the restaurant, you can also order food. I usually get a mandarin (Absolut) and tonic and some tacos and sit at the bar and grub. There's sports and random tv on....and they have a jukebox. The people who work there are always friendly and get you what you want. I've also had some really interesting conversations with people there.... I used to live in Silverado Ranch, literally a stumble away from T-Birds. I was there one night until 8:30 am. Talking, drinking and just enjoying myself.... So, all in all, I love T-Birds. Good, cheap food, good, cheap drinks and a decent place to enjoy it in. Also, check out the mural on the wall in the bar, the road is made entirely of spent beer bottle caps.
1_star Awful dinner. Ribs should be banned. Ran out of cole slaw and brought freshly made that had no taste. Chicken wings were not good according to two in our party. We left lots of uneaten food.
1_star Id give it no stars if that was possible. Just stopped in and placed my order. When the order was ready i went to the register to pay and they would not accept my payment! I had an old hundred dollar bill and they accused me that the money was FAKE!!! They stood there and compared the hundred to a current hundred dollar bill!!!! LOL!!!! Obviously there are some major differances!!! I dont see how a employee is not educated in forms of payment and does not know how to verify a old hundred dollar bill when they are still in circulation. Completely unprofessional!
3_star Berm they're a few times. Food was okay, herded in and out like cattle. Not my favourite place for Montreal smoked meat but it will do when I'm in the neighbourhood.
5_star Much improved. Seated promptly by a smiling hostess. Server a(Christine) was prompt, professional and friendly. Our order came in 12 or 13 minutes and was excellent. Burger was cooked perfect and the salad was large and tasty All in all a great lunch experience .
4_star Great burgers and great staff. The type of diner where entire families come to enjoy their favourite burgers and everyone leaves with a smile on their face.
4_star Walked in about 2:30am, early Monday morning. There was a only a handful of people in the restaurant. I was seated quickly and had a very nice server named Karen. I ordered the All American. The Home Fries were awesome. There's a lot of bad reviews on Yelp; I can imagine that comes from when the restaurant is very busy. If the Hooters restaurant is packed, then you will probably end up eating in this place. I was able to get a good breakfast meal here for under 10 bucks with good service. I would eat here again.
5_star After reading some less than stellar reviews, we almost canceled our reservations. However, after talking with some Vegas locals and other friends that have dined at Ramsay's and gave it raving reviews we decided to check it out afterall. We had reservations so when we walked up we were seated right away. We were sat in a cozy little booth facing the kitchen so we got to watch the action. One sous chef immediately caught my eye and I asked our waiter if he was from the show. Yes! It was Chef Jon from Season 11! He was more than happy to come sit with us to take a photo and chat for a quick minute. Super friendly guy. Anyway, enough of the fan geek moment, to the food! The bread sampler looked fantastic. Being gluten intolerant I wasn't able to taste it, but my husband said it was very good. We got the shrimp cocktail appetizer. I'm typically not a fan of shrimp cocktail, but this was something else. The shrimp were huge and great flavor! Husband got a seafood plate that had scallops, mussels, lobster and other things on it. The scallops were TO DIE FOR! Perfectly cooked, OMG. I can still taste them. I ordered the filet and it was melt in your mouth tender. I ordered asparagus as a side because I have to have my veggies. Even though it was nearly $20 for 10 or so stalks of asparagus (so plenty to share) they were seasoned and cooked perfectly! Some have commented that the music was too loud in the restaurant. I thought the level was appropriate. I can't wait to go back!
4_star One of the best chinese spots I've been to anywhere. The prices can be a little high for takeout chinese but other than that the food is absolutely delicious. I recommend it all the time to friends.
5_star My husband enjoyed the boneless chicken. I loved the pork tenderloin! Great service!!
5_star Don't judge a book by its cover! So neat inside, great service, great beer and great vegan options!!
2_star My wife goes here ever chance she get, but I refuse to go with her. Coffee deserves 5 stars but the chick behind the counter is so rude. I refuse to spend money at a place that lets it indie hipster staff treat regular Joe's like my self rudely.
4_star price is good. the end. i stuff my face here all the time, who doesn't? its ayce. anyways, the rolls are good and the service is great. sushi comes out quick the wait staff are very friendly. it does get busy here, so i can understand if everything is not instant. for the rolls, to my preference there are lots of fill you up quick rolls. most of lots of rice with minimal content. there is this one roll i ordered which seemed like it but battered and baked, it was really good but that roll alone can probably fill you up. these are understandable though since it is an ayce, the owner has to make some money haha. no doubt though, definitely will come back
3_star The restaurant was nice. Friendly group of people. Had the beef carpaccio, I've definitely had better, the slices were thick, but not high grade kobe beef that melts in your mouth type of kobe. The fetti was good but matched with a basil leaf, poorly done, since the basil leaf didn't match with the sauce or the fish eggs that well. Overall, decent, but with competitors like Raku and Monta and Big Wong in the same plaza, its hard for this restaurant to shine.
2_star Worse customer experience ever; ordered pizzas for delivery, had an incorrect pizza delivered, when I called to asked for an exchange they told me to accept the mistake; Order Domino's instead, this happened with them previously and Domino's fixed the issue immediately, this Papa Johns just loses repeat customers
5_star We loved it here! They have all the things we love: Pictures of the rolls on the menu, which makes for easy decision making A great happy hour And MNF was on (my husband loved that part) We ordered the avocado rolls, but couldn't choose between avocado rolls or jalepeno, so Sean made us half and half:) they were delish. Our food came with a miso and salad. Such a nice extra! We also had a smokey philly, a Nevada roll, and a volcano. All very very good, but the Volcano was probably our favorite one. Best part of the meal was when we got the check, and saw what a great deal we got on all that food. Highly recommend this place!
2_star Am here from NYC visiting friends and we went to this place tonight for dinner. Place was bustling, we waited a litle bit for a table, not a problem. Service was very good and attentive and super pleasant. Food was truly mediocre at best. Simple burger was just a plain ole patty with bacon on it, fries were greasy... Salad was .... Just ok. Overall. I wouldnt wait 35 mins again for this place, but dont get the burger. Not a freshly ground burger ... Just a frozen patti and quite boring. Friends had the lobster dip with nachos and said itnwas very good. Just dont get the whole wood thing when nothing tasted like it was wood smoked.... ????
3_star Pho Kim Long is just an ok place, No good No bad. I came in late night and want some pho. The bowl look really big as the large size compare to other places. But the broth is just blank without any original flavors. The meats were so little. Good thing is they open 24hrs. That it. Expecting more improvement!
3_star THE EXPERIENCE: So we went in yesterday not knowing it was a school fundraising night. We decided to order anyways even though it was a madhouse inside, there were only about 5 people ahead of us ordering so we took our chance. We stood in line and didn't get to order our food for another 30 minutes. We figured hey, it's busy we understand. We came in knowing that so no ones fault but ours . But to get our food?? It took them an hour and a half. We were there a total of 2 hours which I did not expect. I saw people actually leave and cancel their order because I'm sure they weren't getting their food for a long lonnnngggg while. I really do appreciate the cashier apologizing and letting us know when our food was coming but we came in during the daylight and left when it was night out. I've never ever waited that long for food in my life. I'm sure it's less crazy here other days, but yesterday was a complete mess, and I would suggest them to hire more cooks and one more cashier to get the food out faster, especially if they are going to agree to host a school fundraiser. THE FOOD: I ordered the salted steak tacos which were ok. Although they didn't give me any limes for it, just the salsa, it tasted ok. Probably wouldn't order it again. My husband ordered the salted steak burrito, that wasn't good at all. He said he wouldn't order that again. But we both said that we would come back to try other tacos. Overall, we both agreed to come back and try some more tacos. But never ever again like last night. I'll be calling my order in ahead of time just to be safe.
5_star I love the Szechuan beef noodle soup! Very tasty!! Every time I visit vegas I eat here!!
4_star Place is packed, I got in in about 15 min. Tori's Tortilla was was super great. I will definitely come back.
3_star Good place to start off if in Tempe. The look outside and inside remind me of a Pearl Street Bar and Brewery in Buffalo, NY. Good food, good drinks. Has Home brew beer. The waitress was nice and friendly. Made you feel special. Prices were reasonable. Its about a 7 of 10 in my view.
3_star The food and drinks great. The service, not so much. A table was sat 5-10min after to us, they got their water, drinks and special told before we even got water or any drink menus. Same server. My drink came half way in to my meal. I've been here a few times and the food is always delicious. It's the only reason I return.
1_star good food horrible service wanted the 5.00 lunch special on the door.. had the yelp deal 5-10.. was given a hard time about using the yelp deal with special so here is the breakdown 5.00 lunch special x 2 = 10.00 + tax = 10.81 IF I WAS PAYING FULL CASH.... but since i had the yelp deal .... 7.99 menu price x 2 = 15.98 + tax 1.29 = 17.24 - 10.00 yelp deal = 7.24 CASH i paid + 5.00 price for yelp deal = 12.24 TOTAL i PAID USING A YELP DEAL I WOULD HAVE HAD A BETTER PRICE GOING W/o the yelp deal... food was good customer SERVICE SKILL NOT so much i will goto 5 guys better burger
5_star Our favorite chef Steve is back and his family. ..such great people always making sure we have our yellowtail Kama...the best grilled tuna collar in town.
5_star One of the best Indian places in the city. Super friendly staff and under new management. It's actually better than it was before and it was amazing back then too. Highly recommend
2_star Good music and the atmosphere is great but the bartenders suck. The bar is less than half full and they don't realize there are people to serve. So not good. What would you do on a busy night?
4_star The fusion idea of western burger with asian flair equals superb quality and delightful masterpiece on everyones palate. What i love about this place is the relaxed and cozy atmosphere, the aroma of the burgers that is truly engaging and inviting whether you are a "meatatarian" or vegetarian, there is a burger that would suit you. Their burgers were really cooked to juicy perfection combined with truffles fries and pineapple ketchup on the side, what is there to ask for... Thumbs up!
1_star Went on a Friday night at 6:45 and they said they were closed because they ran out of food! If they mismanage the kitchen like this, makes me wonder about the entire operation. Too bad too, because we just moved into the area and love Ethiopian.
1_star Checked in here last week to get a brew and bite while kids next door at Force center. I am at the Force a lot as I coach and play there. Would love for the brew co to work out but the service again was awful. I sat at the bar and had to yell after sitting there for 5 minutes without being greeted. At least say hi be with you in a minute as you walk by 7 times. Literally I sat at the beer taps so I patiently waited before I said something. Then after finally getting a beer. Atasty IPA which was NOT theirs as they had no IPAs. What decent brewmaster has NO IPAs?? My wife came in anxious for a beer and some food. After sitting there another 7 minutes she said nice service and walked out. Done done DONE with this place.
4_star Schickes authentisches Restaurant mit umfangreicher typischer Karte. Modernes Ambiente, sehr freundlicher Service. Preislich Mittelklasse. Mitten in Clevelands Fressgass umgeben von einem Dutzend anderer guter Restaurants mit gesunder, gehobener unamerikanischer Küche. Eine echte Wohltat.
3_star Not "special" but if you are a fan of the old school Chinese restaurants, this is a pretty good one. Fast lunches, solid menu, and fair pricing - this place is always busy and for good reason.
3_star I'm not really clear on what's going on with L'Entrepôt. The food is pretty good - and plentiful! But the drinks menu is something out of a terrible college bar. The mixed drinks are bad. Really bad. Like, *really bad*. And weak. Should I find myself back in Montreal, I would definitely stop by L'Entrepôt again - it's cute, and fun, and poppin', but I'd definitely stick to shots or beer if I was drinking alongside my massive $5 sandwich.
2_star Beer is good. Food seemed appropriate. Service was a bit scatterbrained. Everyone was very nice. If you're in the area stop in. Otherwise seek out a brewpub near you for similar fare.
5_star Great service, drinks and food. Went on a Monday night which meant it was less crowded which was great for a date. Nice relaxing music and dim lighting made for a great time.
5_star One if my favorite places to eat in Vegas. I always have to eat here when I come.Great sandwhiches, must check it out. The itlian stalion was amazing.
5_star What an experience..but such a great one! I went for dinner, our server Adam was fantastic and so helpful...which is rare nowadays! Dinner is a 6 course, and Lunch is 4! They change the menu every 3 months. They do have alcohol options! Let me just explain the process...you check in, fill out a waiver (don't freak out), then you put your items in a free locker. At that time, go to the bathroom before hand, then go back to the counter to get seated. You meet your server, they ask for any food allergies, hold each others shoulder then walk to your seat. The server helps you sit down, shows you with your hands where everything is on the table, and takes your drink order. They bring you all the courses, they cannot explain what you are eating until the end out of respect for the others eating. When you are done, they stand you up, hold each others shoulders then take you out to the room. I recommend bringing sunglasses to protect your eyes. Go get your locker stuff and check out. At that time, you can see what you were eating. You have to come with an open mind, but omg it is so much fun! Coming back soon!
1_star Service very slow. I ordered all you can eat fish.30 minutes wait before the order got there then another 25 minutes before they would get to the next 2 pieces they would bring out. They nevered asked for drink refills until they saw we were getting frustrated and wanted to leave.There's almost 2 hours of my life I won't get back. Just for fish and a burger. Stopped and got a burger on the way home.
4_star Our waitress and the burgers were great! Started with the spicy wings that were spicy but sooooo tasty. Buttons and bleu burger was delicious and the fries were a mix of regular and sweet potato all in. One yummy mound. They even included an onion ring on the top. Perfection! Give this place a try.
1_star 6 of us stopped at Diegos for supper on Dec 6. The service was slow and terrible, we had to ask for all of our drink refills, food took 45 minutes to get (was not hot), and we were still forced a 18% tip. There are a lot of great restaurants in the downtown Madison area, this is not one of them.
4_star Great customer service. We had to wait a while for our dessert so when we asked how much longer they apologized for the wait & said it was on the house which was really nice. Then when we went to pay they had taken the drinks off as well for any inconvenience which shows they really care. Food is good. Macaroon ice cream sandwhich was great. First time trying Pandan flavor ice cream and highly recommend it.
5_star Beautiful atmosphere, excellent service and exquisite wood fired pizza ! Went for dinner with family of 4 on a Sunday night. Was lucky to be seated immediately. A comprehensive menu and while no kids menu, they will cater to smaller servings of pasta for children. Highly recommended in a sea of restaurants ( pun intended ) in The Venetian.
4_star I love that place. Food is good. And the price is right as well. I go there every other Tuesday for dinner!! Oh,and the staffs are also getting better then before( services wise) !!
2_star Ever since I moved here 3 years ago, I've heard about this place. Mostly rave reviews. And I have to say the food was good. Not the best Italian food in the city, but good. But I didn't enjoy my experience and here's why - I'm going to DINNER. NOt a used car lot. Stop trying to upsell me on what I want to eat for food. Stop reciting the specials to me when i know what I want and just let me order. I don't know, the whole time it peeved me. I like my servers to be personal and nice, just not fake. And it took eons for the bill to come after dinner. Food-4 stars, Service-2.
3_star This was my first time trying hero burger, so my expectations were higher than usual. The staff working there were welcoming and friendly. The restaurant was very clean and well maintained, compared to restaurants like Licks. I ordered the angus burger as recommended by the cashier person. The patty was good quality, but a bit sparse compared to other higher-end chains I have tried. The bun was average at best and the condiments were fresh. The fries left me sorely dissappointed; they were fresh cut but overly oily. I don't recommend fries at this particular location. All in all, I don't think I'll be returning to his location despite the friendly workers. Harveys will give you better quality and at a lower price.
1_star There are too many other good restaurants in Mirage to waste your time, vacation or money at Japonaise. Sushi was subpar not even close to the best I've had - mediocre, soy sauce is not real (some substitute waitress told us about), BBQ came out cold, ice cream was mush and lava cake was cold, service from waitress was slow and inattentive, water was never refilled, coffee not refilled - get the gist? I've eaten there two other times and it was okay -now it's downhill -the menu change is terrible, bad choice. Will not be going back - ever, too many other nice restaurants in the Mirage and the strip.
5_star Having just moved from Cali, I'm so glad I came across this place! The service is wonderful; everyone is so friendly. One of the ladies even has me a free rib sample for my firsr time here! I ordered a full rack of ribs and some hog fries - everything was DELICIOUS. The staff even honored the 10% yelper discount despite being 3 months old. Needless to say, I'll definitely be back to try everything else!
1_star First time... Order three things - 2 different beers listed on the board and one food item from the menu and they were out all 3! In addition very non-friendly staff! Would not recommend!
1_star Zero stars for this one please... We wasted our money for a salty place. I mean the sushi is not fresh and everything else taste like it's not newly cooked. I'm sorry Luxor. Your hotel is nice, service is good but you need to work on your food. Nasty!
5_star I love this place.. as a guy from europe this people serve very good coffee. I will try to go every morning.. sweet!!
5_star The burgers are amazing and ridiculously reasonable! The staff is friendly and attentive. The place is super clean! They do everything right at Players! Good drinks, great lunch specials and awesome service!
2_star Very sad to write this , I have been to this location several times and look forward to the All Kale Ceasar salad with chicken. Took my mother and husband to dinner tonight, our regular Monday tradition. Tonight was the absolute worse service I have ever had. Our waitress didn't seem to really care about serving us, from the get go she seemed very distracted, even though she told us they were slow at the time. I ordered my salad with chicken and when it came out it was missing the chicken, I let the waitress who brought out our food that it was missing she said she would take care of it, after waiting a good 5 minutest I asked if our waitress could come to the table, she told me it would be coming soon. I ordered another glass of wine while I wait and it literally showed up 20 minutes later when everyone else was finishing up their dinner. My chicken showed up in a bowl, the salad was lacking dressing. Needless to say my absolute favorite salad has been ruined, along with one of my favorite places to eat. Won't be going back or recommending for a very long time.
1_star Horrible customer service from the manager... the food is standard Panera Bread quality and not worth a trip back to this location. I walked in on 12/28, Sunday morning, Melissa the cashier was friendly and efficient. Then the manager, who was unorganized, running around (it wasn't busy) and creating a chaotic atmosphere appeared. Her name was Jessica, as I asked the cashier before I left. She didn't smile or offer a greeting to customers, instead she was rudely speaking to the team (complaining about a new person not understanding how to make a drink and being overwhelmed herself). The cashier and another team member were making 2 smoothies which had been ordered, 1 of them was mine. All was good then Jessica haphazardly delegated other tasks to the team members. My smoothie was finished mixing but needed to be poured into a cup. I asked if she could pour mine before moving on to the next one so my order could be completed. She said, "sir I know you want me to be 15 people but I'm only one person!". I responded, "focus on finishing 1 task before moving on to another." In addition, the team serving the sandwiches is average at best. Engage your team and delight your customers to ensure repeat business and you'll also be able to take down the "now hiring" sign. This Panera is lacking in both areas and I will not be returning, it's simply not worth it in terms of value.
3_star The pizza is really good, however I ordered the chocolate cake and it was most definitely stale and I ended up spitting it out into the trash. It was disappointing but not so much that they will lose my patronage. It would have easily been a 4-star rating without the chocolate cake as all the other food I have tried is quite excellent! I recommend you try this place if you haven't.
3_star Pretty under-whelmed by this place and surprised by the reviews. Ordered the fish tacos and a combo plate with . Both dishes were pretty overpriced, in our opinion. The fish in the fish taco was pretty dinky sized and mostly fried breading. You can't really mess up fish tacos though, so taste wise it was fine. Shredded cabbage and a lot of sauce. Combo plate again was on the small side and just ok. Chips were pretty good, but I wasn't a fan of the salsa. It was pretty thin and a little bit tangy/sweet? I couldn't quite place the taste, but i wasn't a huge fan. It wasn't horrible. It was just kind of disappointing and kind of overpriced. Perhaps we ordered wrong. If we ever give it another try, I think we'll go with the Carne Asada fries and burrito.
3_star Decent Chinese food, but not the best in town. Only ate here because it was nearby.
4_star Sat/Sun Brunch is definitely worth it - $35. Unlimited Mimosas, great tapas...this isn't a buffet - they are brining you fresh tapas from the kitchen - just pick the things you would like or do what I did - just tell them to steadily bring you things and this beautiful selection of breakfast oriented tapas just keeps coming. My favorites by far: the Chilaquiles and the Shrimp and Grits - excellent. Also love the oyster rockefeller, the fruit cup, and the salmon slider. Sat downstairs by the pool - outside - great people watching because you can see Mandaly's "Lazy River"...take your time - I spent 2 hours just casually eating, drinking mimosas, writing. Also - excellent service - some of the best I have seen in Las Vegas
3_star The service here is good. Their prices are a little higher and the food about the same or little less than for instance archi's or lotus of siam, but with several convenient locations it definately works if youre in the area, and craving some thai food. The tom ka kai and tiger beef are notable successes.
4_star Came here for dinner, and didnt run into a long wait at all. Food was pretty good, atmosphere was also pretty good. I was happy they actually had a middle eastern station and even more pleased with how good it was. It ended up being the only thing i ate! with the exception of fresh cut fruit and shrimp cocktail :)
4_star Super tasty and fresh, broth inside every bite, some of Montreal's best dumplings.
2_star I decided to give this restaurant a try after receiving a gift certificate as part of a cooking class and was less than impressed with the quality of both the food and service. To be fair: My partner and I are from a coastal region accustomed to high quality seafood and we ordered the two specials, ahi tuna and crab stuffed shrimp, in disregard of the basic seafood restaurant wisdom indicating that specials are often attempts to sell fish about to spoil and one should avoid them at all costs. These dishes, while not on the verge of spoiling, were nothing special despite the upscale price tag and left us unenthusiastic about Mr. Wholey's establishment. The tuna was prepared "asian style" which meant slightly over cooked and bathed in some sort of bitter sauce reminiscent of cheap teriyaki. This was served with absolutely fantastic wasabi mashed potatoes and expertly prepared bok choy. It was hard to overlook the fact that the chef overdressed a cut of fish that demands simplicity and in the process, destroyed the delicate flavor I was attempting to purchase. My partner's dish was an improvement in that shrimp will take a chef's liberties a little kinder and featured another rendition of the great mashed potatoes I found on my plate. The crab failed to transform the shrimp, as the name indicated it would, and could have been otherwise better employed. We declined desert based on the weakness of our entrees but must say that the mashed potatoes were memorable. The service was moderate to poor. I worked as a waiter for a couple years and consider myself sympathetic to the occupation and the skill it entails. Our server seated us next to one of the glass garage doors lining the restaurant face. This would have been fantastic had this door been open, allowing the pleasant summer evening to breeze over our table. The door was not open and thus subjected us to a greenhouse affected micro-climate in which both of us began to sweat in the direct sun despite the pleasant temperature outside. I know from experience that patrons are evenly distributed by a host/hostess to the sections assigned to each server and that our seating was not the server's fault. Yet why the server would not open the doors and take advantage of the day is either the result of a lack of skill and/or intuition or poor management. Service 101: comfort of the patron is paramount. Our server seemed to ignore this environmental negative (and the potential to turn it into a positive) despite having to shield her eyes from the sun when addressing us. She chastised our use of the gift certificate after our meal and indicated that she would use it as a favor to us but typically this would not be okay. To clarify: Luke Wholey was due as a guest instructor at a cooking class we paid for and did not show up, sending the gift certificates as a reparation. It was in no way acceptable for her to question a valid use of Mr. Wholey's self-serving consolation. I can only assume her hesitation to use the certificates was out of concern for her tip (perhaps she thought we would think the amount due after the certificate was our total in a tip calculation). Since she must have been capable of reading the clearly stated premise indicated on the certificate itself I am left to imagine that she is used to people tipping poorly and wished to avoid continuing this trend with us. My final note concerns the bar menu. Myriad are the restaurants at which I can overlook lapses in cuisine or service so long as the bar is strong. Wholey's makes an attempt at a draft beer list with a few solid craft brews in among the tasteless masses and has several attractive bottled offerings. The cocktail menu features anticipated twists on standards but fails to indicate the presence of a genuine mixologist. The cucumber collins thoroughly proved that suspicion. This dry take on a tom collins featured fresh cucumber and utilized hendrick's, one of the finer spirits of this ilk. How one manages to f*#k up a cocktail with such a fine gin is beyond the scope of my understanding. A warm lemon soda water with cucumber is not an acceptable refreshment. I will not return to Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille. Pittsburgh may be too far from the sea (much less Alaska) to foster a great seafood restaurant or perhaps I just went to the wrong place. However, Wholey's failures went well beyond the plate and indicate that a systematic or managerial fault may be in play: Poor service, poor bar-tending, and poor environment compound as issues that are unlikely to be resolved any time soon.
2_star Not really to go there !! I ordered a " Pork Chop Cutlet with Salad" ..... U know what ... thap Pork Chop Cutlet in dark color .... I think there oil was very old !! I didnt eat the Pork Chop .... For Salad is OK !!
3_star I'm a fan half the time I go and the other half of the time I consider never coming back. They have reasonable seafood/oysters and decent beer selection. The service is very hit-or-miss. Salmon burger is good; the bluegill is usually bad. Mussels are pretty good, a different spin on the usual broth.
3_star If I go back to Lee, I would only order the slaw again. The decor and ambiance in the main dining area are Asian-inspired, as expected but also appears somewhat dated. 1) Singaporean-style slaw We ordered Chef Susur's famous signature dish, the Singaporean-style slaw ($20) and added tuna sashimi ($10). This slaw was very good. There are so many ingredients but they work well together and it was refreshing and light. The tuna sashimi was smoked on the outside and it didn't really add any flavour so I would probably skip that. The tuna does add a contrasting texture to the crunchy slaw. I arrived hungry and felt full after eating half of this dish. Note: there are peanuts. 2) Peking & Char Sui Duck ($29): Beijing duck garnish, steamed pancake, foie gras pâté This is not the same as what you would expect from a traditional Chinese restaurant style Peking duck. I didn't enjoy this very much. 3) Warm Molten Chocolate Cake ($12): caramelized jackfruit & banana, vanilla bean ice cream Nothing unique about this dessert but it was delicious anyway.
4_star Came here yesterday while I was on vacation and it really satisfied my sushi craving. The place was clean, the employee was helpful and the food came out super fast. The all you can eat deal came out to be 23 Canadian dollars and I tipped them another 5 because I wasn't able to finish all my food. I even had to tell them not to make my last roll because it was so much! I really enjoyed it here and wish I had an all you can eat sushi place like this back in the States where I live :( definitely recommend
3_star Good Thai food. I'm visiting Vegas and met friends, who live here, for lunch. My friends like the food here. The Thai iced coffee is among the best I've had. My friends like Le Thai's Thai iced tea. They have a very good lunch menu in addition to the regular menu. I ordered the Spicy Eggplant -- flavorful with a good variety of vegetables (onions, bell peppers, etc). The dry noodles and tricolor curry was also tasty. Our server was very friendly and helpful in answering questions we had about the menu. Great customer service.
1_star Absolutely will not come back here.. The service was HORRIBLE... They never came and checked up on us.. We had to be the one who demanded the waitress to come to our table... When we ask them to refill our drink, she came back with soda with no ice and she had the nerves to tell us to pour it in our own cup.. Also when the waitress brought my hot and sour soup I told the waitress to hold on I wanted to scoot my 15 month away from the hot pot and she gave me attitude.. When I confronted the manager all he can do is apologize.. But as u can see he hasn't done anything about it because everyone on here has complain about the service. I will not come back here.. SERVICE IS THE REASON I WILL NOT COME BACK!!!
2_star 2.5 stars I ordered take-out thai crispy chicken and pad thai for a lunch special which included a mango salad and spring rolls. The salad and spring rolls were nothing special, still good. I guess I had high expectations for the pad thai since all over the stall were signs saying they served authentic thai food. The pad thai was good but there was an after taste that I didn't really like. It was nice that the peanuts came in a separate little baggy to avoid cross contamination. The thai crispy chicken was just that - crispy chicken, but the spicy sweet sauce that came with it was really good. Out of everything that spicy sweet sauce was the saving grace. They are peanut allergy friendly (not peanut-free) which is hard to find at a thai place.
1_star I will comment on the service not the food. We were seated right away at 3pm. The place is nearly empty. We placed our drink orders shortly and it took 15 minutes to get our drinks. We then ordered food and waited over 30 minutes for it to come out. The waitress forgot our napkins. I am writing this review at 3:58pm sitting in their patio with flies, bees, pigeons flying everywhere and deeply regretting spending $50 for an abysmal two person dining experience. Let's see how long I'll have to wait for the requested check to come.
3_star I'm giving it a 3/5 stars because the cake I purchased tasted like it had been refrigerated too long. I would suggest calling ahead a few days to have a cake made, which was my stupid mistake. But really they should be more diligent in ensuring that cakes are thrown away before they start tasting weird. My boss actually bought some pastries from Amelies that were pretty good which prompted this cake purchase. Not the biggest fan but there are some goodies at this bakery.
4_star I used to walk past Porta Bella all the time when I was in college, but never made time to visit! I really enjoyed my first visit to Porta Bella. I met up with a mentor of mine for a Friday lunch. The restaurant was really quiet and I can see how it would be perfect for a date night... Romantically lit with high booth backs. The lunch menu was limited to a few pasta dishes, some salads, and sandwiches. My companion ordered a salad and 1/2 portion of the hot cheese bread, which she said had been her go-to for years (a perfect portion, and just healthy enough...) I opted for the manicotti with tomato sauce-- two delicate rolls of fresh pasta filled with just enough cheese and spinach, baked in a flavorful sauce. It was a perfect lunch portion, supplemented with bread and spiced oil. The price was right at about $10 with lemonade. It's what I'd typically spend for a sit-down lunch. I look forward to going back! Oh, but watch your knees on the wrought iron table legs!
3_star Great old fashioned food except for the OWNER'S audacity to request a tip for his service.. Completely taken aback Makes you NOT want to return and kinda turns you off
5_star My son who is 11 just tried the gluten free pizza and said it was the best that he has had. I have had the regular pizza md it was really good. The customer service was awesome here. We can't wait to try the sandwhiched next time. I highly suggest Zella's.
4_star After reading the reviews on Yelp about this location, I was a bit skeptical, but checked it out anyway... I'm glad the lower rating didn't scare me off, 'cause this was one of the best thin-crusted pizzas I've ever had! One thing - the beer list could have been better, but I suppose you're supposed to drink wine at these places anyway.
4_star This place has a really hip, cool vibe. This is another restaurant where I would definitely recommend going early (!!) or a weekday, it can get super packed with a 3+ hour wait time quoted to me one weekend. I don't drink beer, but it seems to me that they have a very nice selection of different (mostly foreign) beers available, along with cidre and wine. I would be perfectly happy to just sit at the bar with some cidre and frites + aoili. The V burger and chicken paillard were pretty good too. The croque monsieur was not my favorite, very greasy, and I could tell it had been sitting for a while waiting for my companion's plate, since the cheese had already congealed and it was barely warm by the time I got it. Service is pretty good. Also be aware that they don't take Discover, thankfully my companion had a different card to cover the bill.
2_star Seriously, people like the food? Ambiance is fun, service is good to excellent thus the two stars. Had the farm burger and the American burger, the meat tasted like processed meat or a cheap meatloaf cut into slices. The burger was cold, in fact both of them were cold. I've had meatier tasting meat, I swear I was vegetarian that night and was eating a soy patti. Alas, morning star veggie Patty tasted better than this! Shocked at the good review of the food: this hamburger did not compare to in and out burger!! Shame, bc Chef Ramsey is always so hard on people s food and his name is on a restaurant with this kind of food, makes you wonder if he ever tried it... reality tv... sigh...
4_star Had absolutely no expectations when walking into this place due to the horrible reviews on Yelp but surprisingly it wasn't that bad and with improvement over time they can be a good competitor for congee queen. To start off on a good note, the food quality and portions were decent. I had a noodle, congee, duck and fried pork - everything tasted amazing and on point. However I do agree with most people where the service quality definitely needs improvement and they better do something about it fast because it's obviously costing them their reputation. They surprisingly hired very very inexperienced waitresses and seem unorganized to a point where they may have opened prematurely. Overall it exceeded my little expectations that I had and I'll be back hoping for service improvements !
1_star I was very disappointed about how long it took to get our dinner. It took 1 and 1-2 hours to get our food. My enchiladas were cold. They had 1 server for the entire restaurant. The only reason we didn't leave is because I had a Groupon I bought & needed to use it. I will not be returning.
1_star The fist time I came in the food was pretty good (wings) and the servers were attractive, engaging and professional. Acoustics here are horrid: your bartender needs to practically scream at you and vice versa - family fun??! The second time the food had slipped (worst cheese fries of my life) and the staff had lost some diversity and personality. Now we have the dregs and the crowd is seeming to follow. This place probably has 3 months to escape the curse on this location or it's curtains - and I'm sorry to say I am a party to those who will draw the cord.
5_star The Cuban might be the best sandwich in the city.. seriously.. porky, salty, juicy, pickle-ee, flavor-dripping-down-your-face, kinda good... and I'm sure the Local Fried Egg sandwich is the best breakfast sandwich in the city... rich, and yokey. Look, if you want fries on your sandwich, or a crappy buffalo chicken wrap, or processed cold cuts, then this place just isn't for you. This is real food people. Food that starts out as quality ingredients, that are transformed into a wonderful, delicious products. When you're baking your own bread and pastries, roasting and braising your own meat... that's cooking. That's what we're supposed to be eating. I can't say enough about people who treat food with the proper respect it deserves. It's absolutely refreshing in this world of chained, crappy, processed, mediocrity.
1_star The staff there were rude and chatty. I took my mother, sister, nieces, step son and fiancé there to enjoy for lunch. First is was the glass I was drinking out of had lipstick stains on the rim, so I re-ordered a new clean glass of soda. I wasn't upset or throw a fit about it, but as soon as I turned my back at the counter the girls there instantly started complaining about it. They didn't seem to care that I could hear them, but I didn't bother. But as we got our meal, two orders weren't right the waitress had to re order and resubmit our ticket. So we waited another 30 minutes, by then everyone was done eating. I again let it slide, but when the waitress served us our meal she looked at me and with an attitude she asked "is there anything I can get for you your highness?" Instantly I was upset and requested to speak to a manager. When the manager came she instantly said "what is it now?!" I replied "what is your issue with me? We just asked for our meal and the two orders were wrong and I had to reorder a clean glass of soda. I did nothing wrong and I didn't throw a fit." Instantly she stated that according to her staff I was being rude and demanding and my staff does not need that kind of attitude from anyone. I told her over and over again that I didn't give any of your staffs members any attitude and nor was I rude. She asked if there was anything else I would like and turned away to go back to the kitchen. So when we got the bill we were charged for the re orders and the clean glass of soda and they automatically added the gratuity to the order. I was so upset I just paid to get out of there and I never felt so humiliated and felt that it was u fair that I paid for the full meal and their mistake and not to mention the attitude from the staff. I been there twice before and never had an issue. Let's just say I'll be avoiding the place and never would refer anyone to eat there. I hope they don't treat any customers like that, that was very disappointing and very unprofessional.
2_star I got the cajun biscuits and gravy and my husband ordered a coffee. The total was $14. The coffee was good. The gravy and the eggs part of my dish was good but the biscuits were not. They were dry and over cooked. Personally when I get biscuits and gravy I expect buttermilk biscuits and these were not it. Also it was pricey for something that wasn't that spectacular. I would be interested to try something else here but for now I can't give it a higher rating.
5_star Went back again this time as an experienced pizza-orderer. I got a wheat crust pizza with red pesto sauce, mozzarella cheese, real garlic, black pepper, jalapenos, gyro meat, spinach, and a side of wing sauce. One word --- AMAZING! As you can tell by the majority of my reviews, I like pizza. I think I am momentarily hooked on Pie Zanos, because I like pizza experimenting on the fly. Enjoy!
2_star I was there about two months ago, wanted to write the review but kept forgetting. Anyway, it wasn't an impressive dinner at all, mostly because of the service. That night was very easy to recall because there was a false alarm go off right after we got seated. We went back to continue our dinner after things were clear. Server, Jason, was nice and introduced himself. However, his service was not so remarkable. Didn't give us water until almost 20 minutes later. I asked him to give me a taste of two different wine, he only brought one glass?!!!! Really? After I told him which one I liked, I waited forever for him to bring over the wine (it was busy at all btw). Then soup was served, without spoon.... Main courses came, but he didn't clear the table first... At the end, he gave us a check without asking me if I would like dessert.. SMH. I had dessert anyway. I ended up tipping him 20% not because his service was good, just because I used to be a server, and I don't know how to tip less than that. I just think, a nice high class restaurant like that should have trained the server better. I was very disappointed. Food was good but unfortunately I will not go back.
4_star Lemon and oregano fries are amazing. Who knew? I also had the chicken gyro. That was good but not as overwhelming as the fries. Really attentive staff. Highly recommend this place for anyone in south Charlotte.
3_star We sat at the bar for quick service. Coffee was excellent and we got to-go cups to boot. I ordered a scramble and everything was great except the potatoes. The potatoes were disappointing. There was a gas leak which caused problems for most of the Rio's restaurants; so I'm not sure if this affected the potatoes, but the potatoes sucked. I will definitely try them again.
4_star 4 stars instead of 5 because there is always a crazy long wait. Other than that this place is fantastic. Sandwiches are HUGE, yummy and original. Go with an empty stomach! To avoid the insane wait you can order to go.
2_star Delicious food but perhaps the most pretentious dining experience ever. I can't believe we waited for 45 minutes to down a $15.00 cheeseburger. By the way, the cookie bell at the front door is a "hot zone". Stay away from it. We witnessed a never ending grab of grubby fingers instead of use of the provided serving utensil. Nice try Chelsea's but not worth the wait.
5_star Fantastic steak and ambience. One of my favorite places to dine in Las Vegas. You won't be disappointed with the American Wagyu filet. The Mac and Cheese was also fantastic.
2_star Great price, and good sushi, but when I eat the buffet dishes, I get some gastrointestinal problems. If you have a strong stomach this place is fine I'm sure, but if you're a little sensitive to MSG and the like, stick with the sushi and fruit, and stay away from anything with a sauce on it.
5_star Excellent food, great service all around. The captain, Herb, is a hoot and made for an enjoyable evening. The live piano was a great touch; I had forgotten how much I've missed that in restaurants. It was a little pricey for us, moving it into a special occasion treat but I feel like we got a good bang for the bucks. We'll be back!
1_star Worst ramen in town... I regret not walking 10 seconds longer to reach the nearby convenient store for some better ramen. I ordered the black ramen + mille crepe combo. Mille crepe was good, so they probably didn't made it themselves. It was a tiny pitiful piece for $5.50. Ramen had about 2 bites of noodle within, plus a single slice of meat. I would happily pay for the $10.50, but it tasted like feet.
3_star The service and location with patio are great (which is why I gave it 3 stars instead of 2) but after going several times for dinner, it's safe for me to conclude the food is mediocre. That's unfortunate given the inflated prices, particularly for the steaks. I'm happy to pay when it's worth it, which is why I can honestly say there are much better places to get a good steak than this. It's one of those restos that is great for an after-work drink, but save your cash for a place that is more deserving of it.
3_star Was expecting to be better than what zagat rated it for. Nothing special but not over priced. It is what it is. Not exceptional.
3_star Food: 3.5/5 Service: 3.5/5 Cleanliness: 4/5 Price: 4/5 The restaurant had a mix of hipster and rustic decor going on which looked nice and confusing at the same time. We didn't make any reservations but it was at around 2pm so the restaurant was rather empty. We were quickly escorted to a booth with menus. The restaurant also had a bar area where people could watch sports. Overall the restaurant was very big and spacious. We decided to share a few things to share between the three of us, and the first thing that we ordered was bruschetta. It's one of my favourite Italian dishes and you really can't go wrong with it! The bruschetta was delicious and quite filling too - I believe we ordered the large size for the 3 of us which ended up being more than enough. I remember loving the balsamic vinegar on top! We next ordered a seafood pasta, one of our all time favourites, and the small size was bigger in portion that we thought! The seafood in the pasta was very fresh and overall it was a nice dish. The baked carbonara was something new that we tried...and we all loved it! Carbonara is truly a classic Italian dish, but when it's baked, it's so much better! I loved how there was the baked egg on top. It definitely was a bit different from the classic Carbonara but it overall was a great choice. Scaddabush at Square One is a great restaurant to visit with family and friends on a casual night out. It's not 100% romantic but it's still a place I'd go with my husband for a casual date to enjoy ourselves after a movie or a shopping spree. If you live in Toronto, check out their downtown location!
4_star Beer selection is on point, burgers are very impressive. Wife loves the cocktails here. Wait time is Short, I would recommend.
4_star I am kind of sad I am just now discovering Napoli, because wow! We ordered a pepperoni and cheese pizza, mozzarella sticks, BBQ wings and fries. Every single thing we ordered was delicious. I cannot give 5 stars however because some of the food took a really long time to come out, but the customer service was still fabulous. I will definitely dine again here.
1_star Service was poor (no silverware when my food arrived, begging for coffee/water refills...) and ambiance was dreadful. Sunday brunch and there's a middle-aged, top buttons undone, "DJ" pumping out crap from the corner of the room. Saturday night, sure, I'll expect bad dance music and deal with it but Sunday Brunch!? I asked an employee if the music could be turned down since the bass was so out of control I needed ear plugs but the volume remained the same. Cool bloody mary bar concept but it was messy, you can't make your own rim because the alcohol's already in your glass, and it always seems a little unsanitary...My food was decent but this place is trying too hard and is not good enough for a return.
5_star Great athmosfere, service 5 star and food too. The steak tartare was awesome. Also the vegetarian plates are at the top, for the vegan. I spent my anniversary and i recommend it... And with the table in front of the Bellagio is outstanding.
3_star I have a mixed feeling about this place, it took me a while to decide whether to give this place a 2 or 3 stars. I personally don't like this place as much, the foods were so-so but I can't say anything very negative about it either. I have been to this place few times, not because I crave for a good Chinese food or because I love one specific dish, but simply because there wren't many other choices around Madison. That is, when I feel like Chinese foods but don't want to go to Fugu or HK Wok. I prefer to go to a restaurant specialized in one type of cuisine, and I'm always confused what to order in restaurants like Nam's because they have Thai, Chinese, Viet, etc. Why would they do that? I think it's because they don't have any special dish that is their forte. For this particular place, however, always gofor the Chinese and go someplace else for Thai and Viets. The Chinese dishes are decent in general, but the Viet and Thai dishes are mostly dissapointing. So, to end this indecisive reviews, here are my reccomendations on what to order: Singaporean Vermicelli (is this a Chinese dish? I beg to differ), egg drop soup, congees, fried rice, tofu and vegetable hotpot,.. and.. that's all I can think of! Also, try to go for lunch, coz' it's cheaper and more worth it!
4_star This place looks kind of sketchy from the outside but the food speaks for itself. Every dish I ordered came out nice and hot. The server was very friendly and helpful in picking out dishes. Our food arrived in good time. I took off a star because I find the dishes and cutlery should have been more cleaner. Otherwise it's great food at a budget price. Would definitely visit again.
5_star Eating a whataburger. It's fantastic. Haven't had one in years. It's a perfect compliment to a football game that may be a blowout. My burger had no less that 8 pickles on it. I'm sick of this one pickle bullshit. The bacon could have been thicker, but this burger was easily 1.8x larger than a McDonald's burger. French fries could have been crispier but the had a good flavor. And they offer spicy ketchup. What a burger
1_star I don't know what was going on there yesterday, but...what restaurant doesn't have available clean silverware at 7:00 p.m.??!! How do you bring the food and leave the table without delivering the tools to eat the food??!!...and then, I had to go look for not only some silverware, but the server, ANY server, a hostess...they all looked at me like I was crazy when I asked for silverware!!! This was unbelievable. And the servers on duty at that time were walking around like zombies! Every time we asked for silverware, the server would leave and never come back...THEN, we were given plastic TO GO knives and forks. Seriously?! My hubs asked for medium well steak and got well done. He didn't bother sending back. Employees socializing more amongst themselves instead of focusing on quality of service to customers. Very bad experience!
2_star Oh goodness. Let me start off with the good. The same waffle I order at all the demetres restaurants was good. The inside is nicely put together. Now the bad. Parking... Omg. You have to park in a dingy smelly parking lot and go through endless corridors and doors to find your way out. That's if you find the "free parking" to begin with. Going back in the parking garage the way you came is also not a possibility so get ready for an adventure. It's worth just paying for parking on the street. Service? Omg, I hate to call out on people like this, but we had the same guy who's worked at the poorly reviewed Oakville location. Sorry man, but serving people is not your calling... He looks like and sort of acts like Robb Wells (Ricky) from Trailer Park Boys... He is probably the reason I'd never go back to this location or the Oakville one.
2_star Two stars because the tacos are really good, but when the line is out the door and the only 3 order takers are either on the phone taking orders or giving orders to those who had phoned in their orders, it doesn't give a good impression. Don't have your front facing cashiers taking phone orders when it's a long line!
5_star Excellent Pho! Great service, very attentive on busy Holiday weekend All ingredients fresh and tasty. What more is there to say.
2_star My husband and I dined at Bobby's for the first time last night. We came in for drinks first. We really liked the atmosphere from the minute we walked in, especially when we went upstairs- it really had the feel of a jazz lounge. Shortly after we arrived the music started, which we really enjoyed throughout our time there. The bartender was very friendly and filled our drinks exactly when we needed. We had the stuffed mushroom appetizer, which was very good, although the mushrooms were small, not like other stuffed mushrooms I've had before. We decided to eat upstairs (rather than downstairs) so that we could enjoy the music through dinner. We were impressed with the wide selection available on the menu. However, in retrospect, I think they would do better with a somewhat smaller menu selection so that they don't have the problem of being out of items and also so that they can focus on signature dishes. My husband was trying to decide between the halibut and the mahi mahi; I had decided I wanted the halibut. There were 4 different types of ways to order the fish and they all sounded great on the menu. But then our waitress informed us that they were out of both mahi AND halibut. There were 4 types of fish to choose from and they were out of 2 of them. We weren't very happy about this as we had looked at the menu in advance and had already decided that we wanted the fish. So I chose the sea bass instead, picata style. My husband chose the sea scallops. We also each ordered a spinach salad. The salads were delicious and huge. But we were very disappointed in the sea bass and the scallops. Both seemed to be very low quality. The sea bass did not even taste like other sea bass I've had before. The picata sauce was OK, and it covered up the taste of the fish, so that made it edible. The gnocchi potatoes that came with the sea bass were very good. The broccolini was blah. The sea scallops were tiny. I have never seen such small scallops at a restaurant like this (in this price range). The gorgonzola mashed potatoes were very dry (my husband suspected that they were instant potatoes). His asparagus was super skinny and small, although he said it tasted good. The scallops were like rubber, especially since they were so small. The prosciutto that was wrapped around the scallops was dried up. As we discussed it, we kept saying "it's too bad" because the service was good, the atmosphere was good, it's great to have a restaurant where you have live entertainment while you eat, and the location is great, but the food isn't up to par, especially at these prices. I can't believe the sea bass was $37 - the quality was WELL below that (same for the scallops at $28). If Bobby's would increase the quality of the food (especially the entrees) to match or exceed the prices and probably hire a different chef, I think this could be a very successful restaurant. If they dont' make these changes, they will probably end up closing. We don't plan to go to Bobby's again, as there are many other restaurants to choose from in the same price range and in the same area, but with excellent food.
4_star Went there for the first time a couple of weeks ago, and have plans to go again tomorrow night :) Nice, friendly staff, the place was packed and even though we had to wait sometimes, we had plenty of sake to hold us over. The sushi is great- It's not the BEST ever but it's fabulous enough for me to want to go back. Last time, we ordered toro (very good, at MP, and he even threw in an extra piece for me) it was soft and creamy and delicious and a bunch of rolls ( The "Pink Lady" roll was fabulous and the "what the heck" roll, is really good, can't remember the other names), 2 orders of sake and 2 beers and our total was $85 (I don't think they have an All You Can Eat option). The sushi chef partook in drinking with us, he had his beer and was cheering everyone, saying "Otoo" or something I couldn't understand, so I just made the noise "Otooo" and drank as told, with him, haha. Sake was tasty, had it cold. All in all, I'm definitely a fan, as it's pretty close to where I live and has a nice atmosphere. We did have a "pretty folk" (trendy/fusion places worry me and made me think "Nobu") couple next to us, which worried me, 'cause I'm a very laid back, don't care about being "cool" kinda chick, but they seemed like regulars there, and they were nice enough, even though they ordered Uni (gag)...... We did spend a good amount of time watching the very inebriated chick a few spots down from us eat with her mouth open and slurrily talk, it was awesome, she said she had a bad day; I just liked watching her carelessly chew and shove things in her mouth...haha. I'm a glutton/fatty so as long as you are enjoying it and you aren't spewing bits of food ON me, I'm cool witcha. Like I said, good solid place, good, solid sushi and good folk. Edit: I'll be there tonight, stuffing myself to the gills, badumtish.
3_star Went with my son during a rainy Super Bowl afternoon. Due to the inclement weather it was pretty dead. The best part were the chips and salsa and margaritas. Ordered table side home made guacamole which was very tasty. Disappointed with the tacos. Tacos??? Really, lol. Fajitas were just, "ok". In my opinion, a great place to go to for margaritas and chips and salsa and that's it.
4_star Zaytoon is dope! Love havin this in the area now.
3_star I'm a Montrealer who's eaten at many of the city's top restaurants over the years. But for some reason, I never got to Garde Manger. I tried, on occasion to make a reservation online but it was always booked months in advance. I finally got a reservation for this past Friday. We arrived a bit early and we're seated in the back part of the restaurant right away. I was surprised to see such limited choice on the blackboard menu, which, by the way was practically impossible to read from where we were sitting. In either case, no single appetizer or entre jumped out at us. So we went with the chef's menu to get a taste of everything. This came with a variety shellfish including shrimps, lobster, oysters plus smoked arctic char and albacore tuna tartar. The char and tartar were excellent. The rest of the seafood platter was fine...how hard is it to screw up boiled shrimp and lobster? At $100 per person, I was expecting to be wow'd in the subsequent courses. I wasn't. Not saying it wasn't good but I expected more, especially given Garde Manger and chef Hughe's reputation. Second course included a birri tomato salad with focaccia cheese, a spicy zucchini salad with a deep fried zucchini with cheese and finally some beef carpaccio. It was good but didn't blow me away. The final course included scallops with pork belly and corn, pork tenderloin with jalapeño grits and spaetzle with mushrooms and onions. The pork and scallops were very good and I didn't really care for the spaetzle. Overall, I would say it was OK but nothing to rave about. Honestly, I don't understand the fuss over this place. This is comfort food. It's also a laid back place with patrons in t-shirts, shorts and flip-flops. I was expecting a more refined and sophisticated culinary experience. Frankly, I expect more for $350 (2 people including 2 cocktails and a glass of wine each). The waitress was very nice and knowledgeable. Now that I've experienced Garde Manger, I won't be sorry if I don't go back for a while. I think there are plenty of other restaurants in Montreal that can offer superior, more refined food for the same money.
5_star The food is amazing. It's made with love. I have tried almost all veggie and sea food dishes, and all absolutely amazing. Caveat: This is a family business. The waiter, who's also the part owner and son of the cook, is a little weird - but he's actually a very nice guy - even though he may not seem like that at first brush. You will always get good service and good food. Ignore bad reviews based on service. Enjoy :)
5_star Great service and great food. Will definitely be back when in Vegas. Worth every dime!
4_star This buffet has something for everyone. Not the top quality that you would get if you paid much more, but for the money, you get lots of choices and can have a little of this and a little of that. We particularly enjoy the Sunday (and Saturday) Brunch. It is a good value, and everyone can get what it is that they are in the mood for. There are so many things to choose from, we end up there often because it is such a good value. If we want to eat at a fancier restaurant and pay 2-3 times as much, then we do. But if we are just hungry, can't beat the value and choices. We have been going there for 10-12 years and keep going back. It seems to be much more crowded on the weekends. If you want quiet, it is less busy during the week for lunch. And yes, for those seniors, you save a little on the Sr Buffet for Lunch and between 1-3 that also includes the Beverages (the Hot Chocolate is great)
4_star Sushi Tachi offers an All You Can Eat menu at a reasonable price. I was there on 3/16/12. The food was great, the service was superior and the staff was friendly and prompt. I plan on dining there again very soon
2_star Give it 2 star for the service and looks of the inside. Ordered burger & chicken finger. Find the burger to taste below average couldn't even eat the chicken finger. Recommend this place when drunk. You will enjoy in and out burger more. Wast of money. Dissatisfied
3_star I ordered something curry buy it was too watery so I ended up eating my friends dish Islamic noodles, their secret item not found in the menu. it was really good. Must try
2_star The food wasn't good at all too salty or spices and just not as good and not cheap at all. Even a simple dish like the edamame wasn't good as it had too many spices on it. Nice musix though. But that's about it. Sorry ....
4_star We stumbled upon Udipi while traveling across Pennsylvania on a holiday. We couldn't have been more happy to have found an Indian restaurant not far from our path. We were concerned as we neared the location that the map might have been off as the building is set in a very unsuspecting location. The food was absolutely delicious! Both of our dishes were surprisingly spicy since they didn't ask about spice level when we ordered ahead by phone. We both like spicy food so it was perfect for us, but those who are sensitive to spicy foods might ask for their food to be mild. What a gem!
3_star Asian buffet, slightly above average in all aspects. Buffet At Asia is an Asian buffet restaurant, priced cheaper than most casino buffets (around $16 for dinner) though there are Asian buffets that are cheaper still. There is decent variety of foods and there is also a Mongolian grill (or bbq) where you can select the ingredients you want and they're cooked live in front of you. I won't comment on the seafood as I don't eat any but there were crab legs and sushi options. For meat lovers there was pork, chicken and beef, around 3 choices for each. All were decent tasting though they were a bit oil/fat-heavy. All of them tasted average, not bad but also not special, about the same you'd expect from any takeout. I really enjoyed the sweet sesame balls (essentially dough balls covered in sesame and deep fried) though they were kind of heavy on the stomach. There's also a large variety of vegetables, steamed or fried and I also saw frog legs! (for those who consider it a delicacy, I don't) The desserts station had a large variety of fruit (quite refreshing from the usual buffet "cheesecake and carrotcake" staples) as well as soft serve ice cream, donuts (not the usual style but a deep fried style I didn't really enjoy, too oily and crispy with a sour/stale taste) and cakes. Something that I found odd (even mildly annoying) was that there weren't descriptions/names in all of the foods, and those that had any description it was just written with a permanent marker on the glass above. It would cost nothing to print some nice readable labels and it would really change the image of the buffet and inform customers what every food is. Service was fast (the place was not crowded at all when I visited) but one of the servers was.. weird (in a good way). She didn't speak much, she would just stand in front of you looking down instead of asking if you wanted a refill. Now that led to somewhat eerie moments of silence while attempting to establish communication (having someone stand silently in front of you and you saying "coke please" just seemed weird and rude). I assume she was just shy and maybe new at the job and I'm not going to mark them down for that. There's also a sign on the wall that says there's an extra charge for wasted food. While this is understandable in a manner that someone who fills their plate with one type of food and doesn't eat it will cause the restaurant to throw it away, it may also put off people from trying new things thinking that if they don't like something or can't eat it they'll have to pay extra. I haven't encountered such a situation and hopefully the restaurant will be prudent but still the sign on the wall exudes a passive threat. Overall, Buffet At Asia manages to be slightly above average in everything: price, food selection, taste (some foods tend to be heavy/oily), service. Hence 3/5
2_star Food is good! Service is pathetic!!! Make sure you visit there at least one and a half hour before their closing time because after that they give damn about how you feel about their service or food, their only concern would be reaching home on time! Also, can not believe that they do not accept American Express card in these days! even a small hawker accepts it!
2_star Dang. This is a bummer. Atmosphere is great and adorable! But please don't waste too much of your money on the food. It's sub par and over priced.
3_star You're downtown, you're headed to a game and you need to grab a bite to eat before you head there. You take stock of your options and think, "These places all look kind of similar - where should I head?" Might I suggest you check out Joe Badali's, an Italian-themed restaurant on Front St. West, steps from both the Rogers Centre and the ACC. The spacious bar/restaurant has something for everyone, a key to success for large groups that often book parties there. A friend and I popped in the other day to check out their fall/winter brunch menu. Given our choice of bar, table or booth, we opted for a cozy booth in the middle of the restaurant and were given three menus from which to choose our meal. A bit overwhelming, perhaps, but our waiter explained that one menu was strictly for their new pescetarian promotion where you can choose the fish you'd like and how you'd like it cooked. Feeling like it was a little early for ahi tuna, my companion and I went for the brunch options: I had the eggs benedictano and he had the steak frites, ordered medium rare. To accompany our selections, we ordered the pear and cranberry cider and the maple bourbon lemonade. (Both drinks made by the fabulous bartender, Katie, who also makes mean After Eights and Monte Cristos.) A plate of house- made bread was brought to the table, accompanied by olive oil and balsamic vinegar. Warm, crusty and soft on the inside, we polished off that complimentary snack pretty quickly while we sipped our delicious drinks. The wait staff is clearly comfortable with time crunches of customers and took into consideration that the tables around us had a short amount of time to eat before they needed to head elsewhere. The service was swift and friendly for them, while it was a little more relaxed for us - though by no means slow or lackadaisical. When our brunch plates arrived, we were eager to dive in. Neither my companion nor I had been to Joe Badali's in quite some time and wondered how brunch would stack up. The portions were a good size and, importantly, cooked as they should be. My egg yolks were runny and the Canadian back bacon was a great salty accompaniment. The ciabatta base was a nice touch, as it worked well to absorb the leftover yolk on my plate. The home fries might have been a bit crispier, but the peppers and onions were crunchy contrast to the creaminess of the eggs. As for the steak frites, the steak was indeed medium rare and had been rested properly before being brought to the table. By the end of the meal, only a few pieces of diced fruit were left in our respective cups. Since we felt like indulging at this particular brunch, we allowed ourselves to split a very generous portion of white chocolate mousse cake with strawberry topping. Not overly heavy, it was actually quite a nice way to wrap up a meal. As mentioned earlier, we also tried the After Eight and Monte Cristo specialty coffees. Topped with whipped cream and a cherry, these were decadent and deliciously boozy. We allowed ourselves a few minutes - and a couple of glasses of water - before attempting to get up. When asked about the capacity of the place, we learned that Badali's can hold up to 750 people, making it a great place for large parties. We also discovered that they set up a secluded patio in the summers, blocking off the adjacent parking lot in order to make it a pleasant place to escape the downtown crush. If you happen to be in the area - say, before a concert, a Leafs, Raptors or Jays game - check out Joe Badali's. You're bound to find something for everyone at reasonable prices. And if you're in the mood for a drink, I highly recommend checking out either the maple bourbon lemonade or pear and cranberry cider. Had it been later in the day when we went, I suspect there may have been a few more rounds of these!
2_star After reading the reviews I was pretty disappointed in the pizza. To me, the sauce tasted like Spaghettios. The crust was nice and thin and crispy but I couldn't eat even a whole slice because I just didn't like the sauce at all. My son had the Philly Cheesesteak and he said it was pretty good. But, we probably won't order from here again.
4_star Loved this place!!!! Had the guacamole "Joyride" style. Soooooooo yummy. Tried the carne asada tacos and the crispy fish tacos. Absolutely delicious. Great service, friendly staff. Only had to wait about ten minutes for a table for lunch. I plan on going back to try the other taco options on the menu........
3_star So we heard about this place and decided to stop by. First visit the wait was 1.5 hours so we decided to spit and come back another time. Went back the next day (Sunday) and the wait time was down to 20 minutes which isn't bad. After what seemed like more than 20 minutes we were seated in the bar area and ordered some drinks. It was right around shift change time I guess because our server informed us she was leaving, and that another server would be taking care of us. No problem we thought. The next server eventually stopped by and took our food order. After what seemed like 45 minutes our food arrived. The food looked and tasted great, so no problem there, but our server didn't bother to ask of offer to bring us more drinks or refills, etc. After awhile she did come around and ask but we were almost finished eating. The place is neat and has a good vibe and all that, but over all the service was slow that day. There are two other locations, so maybe a visit to them is in order? The concept of huge grilled cheese sandwiches with tons of ad on options is great. Plenty of things to please almost any palate. The fresh cut fries are very good and you get plenty of them. I had the version with chorizo and potatoes. It was large and tasty. They do have a huge and I mean huge beer selection here which is a plus. There is an entire menu page devoted to beers. I had the Great Lakes Burning River which I liked. I'd consider going back, but maybe one of the other locations.
5_star The best in Las Vegas! Always fresh! I recommend combo (#19), lamb chops are to die for. They have live music every evening! Once again, the best in the town
3_star another first for me, and i will return. ordered the medium thin crust bistro classic (white sauce), which is brushed with garlic butter, topped with roma tomatoes, diced red onion, thinly sliced basil, and four Italian cheeses...and! i requested their homemade sausage as additional topping. also ordered their wings of fire @medium heat - they said their hot was really hot, so i thought to start off easy - which i think next time i'll do their hot heat since their medium felt more like mild. overall, wings were okay. pizza had really good flavor, although the thin crust was cooked slightly to the dry and very crunchy side, but the juicy roma tomato toppings helped to balance it all out, fortunately. btw their medium size pizza serves 3-4, cut in squares vs. slices, and it's a generous 16" creation. i felt the menu was somewhat pricey. i'm big on value, so it's too bad oregano's isn't currently participating in the yelp deals discounts as i might otherwise visit more often. have read some of the other yelpers' reviews and on my next visit sometime in the next several months will try the pan pizza since it got great reviews.
4_star I don't usually like to write a review after only one trip to a restaurant, however, this place is AMAZING and I just had to write a review. My husband and I went here for breakfast and both had the continental breakfast. The bagel with chive cream cheese with smoked samon and capers was all tasty, but not a stand out item. The stars were the croissants. We tried plain, chocolate, and apricot. They were all buttery and flaky and perfect. The favorite though was the apricot. Any time I can see whole slices of fruit on a pastry, it's a good sign. Words fail me at this time in how to possibly describe the wonderfullness that is the apricot croissant. Now, the reason for only 4 stars. Usually somewhat slow service doesn't bother me and is easily overlooked with good food. Hovever, the service here was pathetic. When we arrived we were the only ones in the entire place. After taking our drink orders, we didn't see our server again for 10-15 minutes. This after she had just told us to let her know if we wanted our bagels toasted. I guess we were supposed to walk around searching for her after we got our bagels from the bar? A huge group of people walked in about halfway through our meal (all going to a Paul Mitchell convention and all wearing entirely black and sporting outlandish hair styles...annoying and loud...). I thought, surely the servers will have to come over more often with so many people here now, but no. Still waited forever for our check. Next trip, we will be back. Maybe I'll get to try the yummy looking desserts at the pastry counter.
1_star The food here is completely over priced for what you get. The whole insulting atmosphere is fun to a certain extent but only for a short period of time and probably more so when you are drinking which we weren't. This place should be a bar only and either get rid of the food or hire a new cook.
5_star For starters this place is FAST! Now the place was half full but they are on top of their game! I ordered the chicken pho, chicken salad rolls and a bubble tea. The bubble tea arrived no more than three minutes after I ordered it. About two minutes later my salad rolls arrived. I hadn't even started eating my second salad roll and my meal had arrived! The PHO could feed a family of four (4). It's huge and I ended up taking a large container home. Although huge, it was really tasty! The Salad Rolls were tasty and the peanut sauce was spicy. YUM! The Bubble Tea large and super tasty. Great service as the servers helped each other out.
2_star Stumbled into this place as a group of 6 last week. Waitress was friendly and of course recommended their tasting plate for $60 a person. We chose to instead have individual entrees as that was a bit much for our college student tastes. Four of our group chose appetizers to share but my girlfriend and I did not. This is where the main issue arose, they brought our entrees out at the same time as our groups appetizers, which meant we had to sit through the rest of the table eating their meal while we had already finished. The waitress was even rude about this acknowledging that we are getting nothing for the mains, yet it is their fault for bringing them out too early. The food itself was decent, had nice presentation, but some things weren't great, a member of our group had the chicken and wasn't impressed. The brussel sprouts which were recommended were soggy not crisp. We will not be going back.
1_star I placed my order via Yelp around 7 pm. My growling stomach reminded me to look at the clock and it was 8:24 pm already so I decided to give the restaurant a call in case my order didn't reach them. They told me they received my order around 7:30 pm.. The gal on the other end ensured me it has already left and should be at my place any moment since technically it has only been one hour since they got my order, not an hour and a half according to my calculations. I didn't make a big deal because I thought maybe they were really busy. I hung up and waited some more... Then it was 9 pm. I called back and by now I am upset because I AM FREAKING HUNGRY! .. The same person put me and hold, and of course within a few minutes, there was a knock at my door. The pizza delivery guy told me he tried to call but couldn't get thru to me (probably bc I was dialing the restaurant!!!! ) Bottom line: 1 1/2 - 2 hours is ABSOLUTELY RIDICULOUS for delivery especially if you are down the street... If you are slammed then call your customer and just inform them and be upfront. The pizza and wings are COLD and soggy. I cannot stand that! I am writing this review as I am waiting for my oven to preheat so I can heat up my pizza and hopefully get a decent crust. Perhaps this is an isolated incident.. This place had good reviews and that's why we decided to order thru them. Here's to heating up my LONG awaited pizza and wings after waiting 2 hours for delivery. For the price, it should of been at least within a decent time range.
1_star My first time and the setup is kind of weird, I like how it looks like though inside. We immediately get seated and I decide to get what they recommend which is the chicken waffles and my brother gets the breakfast burrito. The wait is okay and we finally get the food. The hype around this place doesn't meet my expectation the food is bland and tasteless, the fries feel like burnt potatoes and the "ketchup" is basically water and tomatoes mooshed up. The chicken is alright for being vegan lowkey tastes like flour only good thing is the waffles. I tasted the burrito and I thought I didn't take a big enough bite because I tasted nothing. The food is flavorless and expensive we spent $51 for 3 people
4_star Crepes aren't just for dessert folks. That's what Dewey Truong, owner of Chococrepe wants you to know. Yes, they are paper thin, but they aren't as one dimensional when it comes to their meal potential. Walking into the Queen West restaurant on a hot summer day, the last thing that I wanted to eat for lunch was a Nutella and chocolate smeared crepe, so it's a good thing there was so much more on the menu. Don't let the name fool you. At Chococrepe, the menu is divided into savoury and sweet options. So yes, they do offer the obligatory Nutella crepe along with a slew of other sinfully sweet creations, but they also have an impressive selection of crepes with fillings usually associated with sandwiches or wraps. To start off we had the Pesto ($9.25) which came with egg, mozzarella , pesto and arugula served on a buckwheat crepe. Now I'm not an eggs anytime of the day person as I lump them into the breakfast only category, so this probably wouldn't be my go to crepe, but it was tasty nevertheless. The egg was fluffy, the pesto made its presence known without stealing the show, and arugula is never a bad idea. All of the savoury menu items come served on buckwheat crepes which are a bit similar to whole wheat wraps in their texture and consistency. Despite the name though, it's interesting to note that buckwheat is gluten free, so while I can't speak for the filling, the crepe itself is a good option for those who are at least sensitive to gluten. To round out our savoury options we tried the Country and the Chipotle Chicken (both $9.25). The Country comes stuffed with cheddar and punctuated with wood-smoked bacon and caramelized pear. I'm not even a huge fan of bacon (I know...sorry) but I loved this crepe. The saltiness of the cheddar, the smokiness of the bacon and the sweetness of the pear blended so nicely into a ménage a trois of flavour. (What? It's French...like crepes...) The Chipotle Chicken though, with a generous amount of tender chicken breast, mozzarella, arugula, and chipotle mayo, might have been the winner, but I like anything that comes served with a side of heat. At this point it's fair to say we were beyond full, and I was convinced that yes, crepes could be lunch, but it wouldn't be fair of us to ignore the dessert crepes completely. So we tried two. The Berry Banana ($8.75) is the Platonic ideal of a dessert crepe. Covered with sliced strawberries and bananas, then drizzled with dark and white chocolate, it looks like art (think Jackson Pollock). This crepe had a nice balance of tart, thanks to the strawberries, and sweet, thanks to everything else. Our last crepe of the day came in the form of Crunchy Pear ($8.50), also beautiful in design with sliced Bosch pears, a generous sprinkling of crushed almonds, and painted with milk chocolate, it was a bit sweeter than the Berry Banana due in part to the milk chocolate, but won in the texture category. All of the dessert crepes here are made with the typical sweetened wheat flour and served open-face which gives diners the artistic license to fold, roll, or just dive in as is. And it just looks prettier. Oh, and I should mention that all of the crepes are huge, taking up plates that are larger than your average plate. My suggestion is to bring a friend, or two, and sample multiple crepes like we did. Did I forget to mention the hot chocolate? Oh yes, we sampled a couple. They take their hot chocolate seriously here at Chococrepe. All flavours are made with melted Valhrona chocolate and you can have your choice of having it made with dark or milk chocolate (and in some cases, white) and with cream or milk. We really wanted to try the popular Fleur de Sel Dulce de Leche made with dark chocolate, but sadly it was unavailable, so we went with the Pumpkin and the Coconut. The Pumpkin ($5.95) was made with milk chocolate, so as not to overpower the spice and milk instead of its heavier counterpart. It was tasty, but I would liken it more to a chai latte than a hot chocolate. The Coconut (also $5.95) however, made with white chocolate and cream was something else. It was rich without being cloyingly sweet and the coconut flavour came through nicely. I can definitely see myself going back for one of these once the temperature starts to drop, but if you're craving one now, Truong just installed a brand new air-conditioning system that he's very proud of. I would also be remiss not to comment on the excellent service at Chococrepe. Truong himself is a living doll, and he goes out of his way to make your experience at Chococrepe a memorable one. He obviously loves what he is doing, and says that he wants eating at his restaurant to be a comfortable and social experience, not to mention a delicious one. Check, check, and check. Footnote: Why doesn't the saying go "as flat as a crepe"? Let's face it, in comparison, the crepes pancake cousin from the West has a bit of a weight problem.
2_star This is a dismal excuse for a steakhouse. The Caesar salad is the most basic of culinary deliverables - it was old and flaccid. Mushrooms were dried out and tasteless and the spinach was old and bitter. The meat despite being reasonable cut was under seasoned. For $130 for two with no wine. This is on a par with the very worst sub $50 steakhouses.
3_star Really small but can't complain with open bar for $10. I think it's every tuesdays and man they make the drinks strong. The place probably had a capacity of about 80 people. There is a spot for bp with two tables and a dance area that's about 8x10. The crowd ranges from college kids to midlife crisis OC moms and dads. Very diverse but everyone seemed to get along and do their own thing. We were pretty much there to pregame and replenish spending about an hour there. The open bar was from 9-1 with re-entry. A good idea is to drink at PBR and club upstairs at the Gallery if you're looking to dance or listen to music with a legit sound system. This place deserves more credit for their amazing deals but overall not a place I'd be hanging out at on a regular basis
2_star The flavor of the noodles were definitely good, however not only is the fried chicken bowl impossible to eat, the chicken we had was not edible to say the least. It comes as a drumstick on top of a bowl of noodles and soup, how are you supposed to cut it off the bone with no plate, unless you slosh your soup everywhere? Picking it up and eating it isn't exactly useful because then you're eating a chicken leg and then some noodles afterward? It should be a cohesive dish, not a challenge. Regarding the fact that it was inedible, let's just say it was cut into and we felt uneasy eating it.... Shortly after we overheard a woman asking for a refund due to her chicken.. so definitely don't get it lol.
2_star It was a couple months ago that I dined here, but I distinctly remember it being some of the worst sushi I've had. The sushi tasted like someone decided to steam some unseasoned chicken and wrap it with plain white rice. I couldn't taste any vinegar on the rice at all. Also, if I remember correctly, it was not structurally sound and falls apart as you touch it. I believe I also tried some Udon on this visit. I don't have terrible memories of it, so I'd suggest that over the sushi. I'm sure some of the other dishes are all right, but avoid the sushi. That said, the prices were very reasonable, but I guess you get what you pay for.
3_star Been here several times since I live walking distance. Here's goes nothing. Negative: I really hate asking for ketchup when I order my kids Chicken Tenders. Self serve ketchup should be available instead of giving out Minnie packets like McDonald's hands out. I really HATE the chips that come as a side with the Chicken Tenders. They are too dry, thin, stale and flavorless. The staff needs to know the menu better. I was there two days ago and It threw me off when I got offered apple juice that supposedly comes with my kids chicken tenders. I feel ripped off since I've been there several times with my kids and never once got asked for drink preference for my kids. Please try to fix this matters. Positive: Different tortilla options is a plus. I'm in love with my Grilled Chicken Burrito! Hot salsa, refried beans and grilled corn makes it even more amazing.
5_star Wife and I spend a few hours at Yamazaru and ordered some sushi and appetisers it was awesome it was a lot better than a sushi spot in Long Island N.Y. The service and price was excellent,We will be going to Yamazaru more often.Try it you'll love it,I Did.
3_star 3 stars somehow feels very different to me than A-OK. So I'll begin by clarifying that in my mind 3 stars is more like: "leaves something to be desired". I see why it is less catchy than A-OK, but 2 stars feels much too harsh to me. So can we compromise on describing Nobhill Tavern as being B-OK? Maybe its because I came from San Francisco, Nobhill tavern, I felt, doesn't do justice to Nobhill. I mean it's fine. The food is fine but doesn't match up with its price and the same goes for the service. It's fine. We ordered the halibut, the ribs, the shrimp appetizer, and brussles sprouts and cream spinach as sides and a half bottle of a Beale petite syrah. Our shared conclusion was that the bread was the best part of the experience. Now what does that tell you?
2_star Only been here for dim sum. Modern and newly renovated place. There are rooms for large parties. Service was good since one of us knew one of the managers here. However, their food are just mediocre. Their dim sum, I would say were no different from any other dim sum restaurant out there. The server recommended a few of their specialty dishes, but I don't recall any of them to be outstanding. Their signature dessert 'Napoleon' was just layers of pastry, fresh cream and fruits piled together without any skill or heart. In Richmond Hill, if your food is not outstanding, your price better be. But that's not the case here either.
5_star I have heard and read about this place so many times! And I called to make reservation once, well I have been told that they don't accept reservations (considering how popular this place is!) luckily, we came here around 5:30 on the Friday night, without waiting, we were seated. We ordered three different kinds of curry and the crispy rice salad~ I have to say my friends are right! They make the BEST Thai food!!
4_star Really like this place and became one of my favorite's after my first time, I really like that they don't charge for gauc and sour cream. Like the family business service.
3_star It used to have a bigger portion like at least 6-7pieces of jerk chicken per plate, now only 4 piece limited every time we go.
4_star Love this place! Always have a great time but so very disappointed that they've eliminated so many of their breakfast options. Even so, bring back the Loco Moco!!! That's good for breakfast, lunch or dinner!!!!
1_star Is it my imagination or did this restaurant used to be better? Drinks were made wrong and took 20min to get to us. Food was also cold by the time it made its way to our table. Severely disappointed. Will not be returning.
1_star Honestly, I do not understand the hype around this restaurant. I mean unless one is going there for the atmosphere, it just doesn't make sense. The food is sub-par, unimpressive and bland. I had the fish and octopus and I noticed nothing spectacular for the prices they charge. The pasta was just horrible, completely inedible and sloppily plated. The only redeeming quality was that the pasta was al dente. The squid ink pasta smelled like rotting seafood and tasted "off." The server had made this suggestion and failed to mention that this dish is somewhat of an "acquired" taste; to put it mildly. She also failed to mention that this dish would stain one's teeth and lips black. Ultimately, this restaurant is pretentious for no good reason, really.
2_star I found the shrimp and tuna ceviche to be very weird. First off it was full of walnuts, pine nuts and chic peas. Secondly it was way under seasoned. No lemon, no salt, no spice and no cilantro. It should be called shrimp and tuna salad. It was in no way, a ceviche. The fish tacos were tasty. I found the braised octopus to be flavourless. And the dessert of caramel creme brûlée, was underdone and liquidy. I will not be back. Food wasn't up to par. I used to come here back in the day and food was much better.
4_star Place is always clean, good is always fresh and staff is always friendly. A little pricey for sandwiches but they do come with a cookie and wifi!
4_star They didn't want to take my order for pick up 20 minutes till closing and all I wanted was papaya salad. I live 5 minutes away. Guess they're doing good money wise.
2_star Food was good but service ruined it. On the door it states it closes at 10:30pm, got there at 9:00pm and were super rushed! We were made the pay at our table before we were even finished. One of the servers started mopping, placed smelled like bleach-put me off my food. The turned away a group at 9:30- why state that you're open until 10:30 when you're not. I told the host our feedback - she didn't seem to care, smiled and nodded. Better hotpot down the street - kagayaki, with more respectful staff.
3_star Used to be one of my favorites but the food has taken a change and the overuse of garlic is in all their dishes. The last two times I have been there, I specifically mentioned to be "light" on the Garlic in the pub chips, etc. but tonight, once again, even after I asked - the pungent garlic is just too too much! You don't need to saturate to the level that they are using. To the point you taste it for days! It's now turning us off. Just go for drinks and stay away from food - unless you need protection from vampires!
1_star Rates were good until they zap you with mileage charges for anything over 5 miles per day. This is lunacy. Then the clerk stated mileage charges were $1 per mile for anything over 5 miles per day. Unbelievable. Firefly is owned by Hertz where I am a long-time Goldmember. Customer service apologized but would do nothing to fix this rate problem at Las Vegas McCarran Airport
5_star Went here on a recent trip to Vegas. Almost didn't find the place because of its location inside of a community center and has no sign of its existence on the outside of the building! Was with a party of 10 with 3 children and the found accommodation for us all. The staff was beyond helpful and made sure to go over the whole menu so we understood everything. Had THE COMPLICATED ORDER sandwich and THE BIZNESS Salad. Both selection are some of the best eats I have had in Vegas EVER!! You need to leave the strip get out of downtown and bare the outside neighborhood for a lunch trip and go to the Bronze for a relaxed meal.
4_star Their slushies will knock you on your ass. Get them. Then see if you can drink more than 3. One's rum and one's gin. Also get the deep fried cauliflower. If you hate cauliflower and you don't get it just because of that reason, then you're a loser and you're missing out big time and you should learn to try new things. If you don't get this because all you like is pizza and you have a severe food aversion...then go see a doctor because I'm sorry, but you have a problem. Chicken and waffles are obviously crazy good, but their fries are the real deal. Get those or you won't be able to finish 3 of the slushies. Best to be there in the summer. Vibe's a lot funner and everyone wears less clothing when its warm.
1_star This place closed (or moved without a forwarding address or phone number). I was very disappointed!
3_star My boyfriend and I wandered spontaneously into this restaurant at 9 pm on a Saturday night, following a show, and to our surprise, there were plenty of open tables. The decor is lovely, though it is on the verge of looking dated. The service, while thorough, was slow as molasses, but as I'd read the Yelp reviews before, I knew to expect this. That said, we never felt rushed, and ultimately got everything we needed. We scanned the menu and decided on the "chef's harvest menu" (I think that's what it was called?) which was a 3-course prix fixe menu of seasonal ingredients, costing $65. We weren't that hungry and we asked them if we could split it, and they generously obliged, even going so far as to plate the split portions separately without charging us a penny. We started with the arugula, strawberry, and rhubarb salad, which was delicious. We then had the halibut with risotto and some other delicious sides I can't recall. I thought it was ok, but my boyfriend loved it. My issue was that I had been completely ruined for Halibut by the Black Mountain Grill, who served me the most perfectly cooked piece of Halibut I've had in recent memory last week, so I was tough to impress. We finished with a chocolate spearmint bar topped with housemade whipped cream and vanilla bean ice cream, served with a tray of 5 housemade confections that I think comes with every meal. It was tasty, but forgettable. All of this was accompanied by a generously poured $20 glass of Grappa, by far the best Grappa I've ever had, and well worth the price tag. (Though we split this, as neither of us wanted a whole glass). Overall it was a good value - we were stuffed, even having split a meal, and the tab was under $100. This is one of those times where I wish there was a 3.5 star rating on Yelp, because Aureole is better than 3 stars but not quite up to 4. I didn't find it overpriced at all and it was good value for the food, ambiance, plating and service. However, there is certainly better food in Vegas.
2_star We came here because the movie we wanted to see was in 2D here and at our fave AMC it was 3D. The customer service was ok; the website was not allowing me to order my tickets in advance so I called and was told there wasn't anything that could be done on their end. We arrived and purchased our tickets at the box office an hour early and had a drink at the bar until our theater was open. The bartender was nice but MIA when it came time to close our tab. The theater itself seemed outdated and we weren't told at the box office our seats were actually only computer desk chairs at a counter. Seriously...we paid to sit in a computer desk chair. They allowed us to switch our seats to another row but that meant we had to split up our group. Had we been told about the seating situation prior we probably would've been able to get us all together considering we purchased the tickets an hour early. The food was ok. The appetizers were by far better than the dinner options. Guess it's hard to mess up pretzel bites. All in all I think we'll stick with AMC for our future dinner/movie theaters.
2_star Alright, but very expensive for what you get. Pork was way over cooked, almost like rubber but the apps were good. I would go somewhere else and others in the party agreed.
2_star I got into Koi, and as soon as I did, I got to the dance floor and my shoes stuck to the ground. It was awful. They should clean their floors immediately. Thanks!
2_star I generally don't like writing bad reviews, but with Nao, I have to recommend that you go find another steakhouse to splurge on. Dry aged steaks for at least 40 days and a wide selection of beef from around the world including waygu and Kobe from Australia, Japan and the US. Sounds great right? Yes indeed, but the biggest issue I have with Nao... are the steaks. Not only were they generally over cooked, they lacked seasoning. We had 3 different steaks (Japanese Kobe, t-bone and bone-in ribeye) and they were all the same - flavorless. Quite disappointing for a steakhouse, especially since the steaks have been dry aged and you can't taste any of it. The service was great and the desserts were quite nice, but unfortunately I can't recommend a steakhouse if the steaks are not on point. Potentially it was an off night, so I may return once more to try Nao again, but it won't be at the top of my steakhouse list.
3_star The food is alright. I was super excited to try this place, but it's not very comfortable and the food is expensive for what it is, but I do like that it has vegan options
2_star This is a great little cafe in a terrible location, but I hope for the best as businesses try to resurrect this area. I hope it sticks. The cafe was cute and comfortable. A small bar area seats about 8-10. A back patio is great if you happen to be out with your pooch and want to stop in. For a late dinner, we were presented with a dinner menu that had about 5-8 choices for the day. Everything on the menu sounded good. Snooty food....my kind of food. A dinner salad preceded our meal that was mixed greens with a raspberry vinaigrette with shaved Parmesan. Not bad. Not much to it, but not bad. For my entree, I ordered the portabella mushroom stuffed with corn risotto surrounded with red beet and cabbage slaw. Sounds amazing, right? It was bland. Could have been a fabulous meal, but it was definitely lacking something. My mom ordered the black bean zucchini burrito. It looked beautiful, but again, the taste was lacking. I give them an A for effort. The cafe is great and the menu presentation is awesome. The food just needs some more flavor. We need more places like this in the area. I really hope they stick around.
5_star I am thoroughly impressed by this restaurant, its management, and its servers. My photo booth company (The Memory Makers) was hired to take pictures at an 18th birthday celebration at another local restaurant. Due to rainy weather, the party needed to be moved to a location with more coverage on the patio to keep the guests (and photo booth equipment!) dry. Six hours before the birthday dinner was supposed to begin the mother of the birthday-girl contacted North to see if they could accommodate a party of about 30 teens on their patio that same evening. The fabulous folks at North made it happen! The set up was beautiful - you would have never known that it was a last minute scramble!! When I got there to set up the photo equipment we had to move a few tables around, find a rug to cover up a cord that would have been a tripping hazard for both guests of the restaurant and the servers, and a few other adjustments. The manager and the servers were so gracious and helpful in moving everything around to maximize the space for the photo booth. The guests at the party had an amazing time. Because I was working I did not have the opportunity to eat but based on the other reviews of North on Yelp, I will definitely be back! Thank you, North!
2_star My first time here this place was amazing! The service was great, the food was fresh, and the atmosphere was excellent. I didn't mind driving 20-30 minutes away to visit this location, or to tip over the requested amount (10%), because they provide great value for a moderate price. After coming here a year later the place has changed. Perhaps the popularity has gotten to them and they've chosen profit over customer service, or maybe high turnover and there are a lot of new untrained employees. I'll explain what I mean: Firstly the wait times are much longer now than anticipated, typically 15-20 mins over wait time. I'm patient so it doesn't really bother me, but worth mentioning for others (what is the point of reservations?). The service has gone down big time. They've messed up many and forgot a lot of what we ordered. We constantly had to check in with our waitress to see if food was arriving. I understand with popularity there are more consumers and it does get busier, but they should have more people on staff to accommodate instead of trying to minimize their expenses. I'm a patient individual though as I've stated so I waited for them to fix our orders and bring our missing ones. The atmosphere is still nice, they've gotten a lot more busier though so the place is packed and there isn't much room. I've noticed they added extra tables in sections to accommodate more customers, but it makes it a bit more stuffy. What was different this time was the waitress went ahead and included a tip for herself. All the past times I've gone to this place that's never happened. I assume its because she knew she wasn't doing the best job that night and thought I would not tip or undertip. One thing that was always an issue even before the service went down was selection on their menu. There isn't much to choose from compared to other sushi restaurants. Now I've come at different times throughout the year as well to make sure it wasn't just an off night for the restaurant, but the same instances have occurred. Overall, this place has lost it touch with competition intensifying in the sushi business and innovating, Ten Ichi is falling behind on service and selection.
4_star I am giving 4 stars for the coffee, otherwise it would only be three. My croissant tasted dry and as if it was made a few days ago. However, I could tell it was yummy. I find it very difficult to find a good cup of coffee out of my house and neighborhood, since we are spoiled in the Bay Area. Sure enough, they actually use a Bay Area roaster (Equator) and it was great and quite the relief!
4_star let's just start by saying that just because i'm italian doesn't make me a coffee expert... BUT it helps!! i've drank so many espressos in my life at so many places that my palate is a bit critical!! please never drink espresso where they write eXpresso (clue #1 !!!) i stumbled on Pourquoi Pas while parking right in front of it, so after my lunch i decided to make a stop and try their coffee. i was pleasantly surprised just by the place itself, very small nothing fancy, great smell, a good ol' coffee shop don't know the names of the 2 guys, but they are just great and serviceable. being served a shot of mineral water to rince your palate is a great way to impress me (not all good places in Italy even do this anymore!!) the SHORT espresso was fantastic: nice nose of hazelnut? kinda biscotti type, nice ring of «schiuma» (little foam on top) and the taste was to my liking: a bit of acidity (wich some people might not like) and well balanced on the intensity. can't talk about the other coffees they offer 'cause i'm an espresso man, but i can't imagine how they would go wrong, since they seem so professional with their approach. the prices of coffees are really reasonable not overpriced at all the only reason i did not give them 5 stars is because of their food prices, maybe it's just me and all the other places do it, but 1,50$ for a small cookie (as good has it might be) is way too much for me. to all TH and Starbuck lovers, continue to drink ur diluated bad water/coffee!! i know it's not possible, but we start by rincing our palate with mineral water, we could finish by rincing our cup with... GRAPPA!!! Salute
5_star I came in the other night hearing about the place from a friend. He said the food was good but they had a bit of a problem with their service. When I got there there I did have to wait a bit before I was seated, around 5-6 min. There weren't a lot of people so it was a bit annoying. After that things went smoothly. I didn't bowl as I just wanted to try out the drinks and bear and let me tell you, the food is amazing. I ordered the fish and chips as well as the tavern burger. The food took about 15 min to come out but when it did... MY GOD, WAS THAT BURGER GOOD. If you go def. get the tavern burger as is. By the time I finished it I was too full to eat the fish so I got it to go. It was good but man, that burger. I would say the service is 7 out of 10. The mood is a 9 out of 10. The drinks were fine 8 out of 10. Food (mainly just that burger) 10 out of 10. I think I have found my new fav. burger.
1_star I kinda hate this place. #1. It's on Central Ave but has little/no signage so it's had to find. And if you're on Central and there's a light rail train going by, couldn't you have a door on the front? Entering through the parking lot is fine, if you're in the suburbs. #2. Went on a Sunday morning to meet friends for coffee and chat, as you do. Small crowded place, long line, coffee and pastry only meh. And a loud musician. So we couldn't chat easily. #3. Tried it another time but it was just so so. #4. So why bother?
1_star One of the worst lunch buffets I ever had. We were there on a Sunday afternoon and it wasn't worth the money.
3_star Food was good, service was slow even though it was a slow lunch. They have a good wine list. Will be back to try dinner service
1_star I normally don't review anything but I had the displeasure of coming to this restaurant today. I waited 15 minutes in line before being able to order then waited another 30 minutes to get a chicken cutlet. On top of that, the cashier was rude over something stupid like a bottle of water I ordered. I told her I'll take the bottle of water from the fridge and she kept asking me if I wanted cold or warm water. When I repeated I'll take it from the fridge, she starts giving me attitude. Never coming back to his place and would give this place negative stars if I could. Terrible.
1_star bad, bad, bad. the chow mein was edible and that is literally the nicest thing i can say.
1_star Worst service I have ever received. Me and my girlfriends came in for lunch and it took over 45 minutes to get our food, a table that came in 20 minutes after us got their food at the same time. When I asked to speak to the manger all he said was ok is there anything I can do he did not even apologize although received 25% off. Anytime we asked for anything our server completely ignored us so we would have to ask multiple servers before actually receiving it. great food but unfortunately would probably not come back because of the service.
4_star One of my favorite sushi restaurants in the area. The prices are fairly reasonable but it's the service, portion size, and delicious food that keep me coming back. Definitely a great value. The restaurant looks nice and the restrooms were clean.
1_star Heard some great things about this place so the boyfriend and I decided to check it out since we had no idea what we wanted to eat for dinner. One word: disappointed. The food selection was decent. They even had prime rib and snow crab legs. However, it was the food quality that was horrible. Everything tasted either too salty or just bland. By the looks of it, most of food seemed to be sitting out too long. The service wasn't that great either. Our server came by at the most two times. We needed refills on drinks that we never got. The buffet does unlimited beer. We are not fans of Miller High-Life so we decided to pass on that. All in all, we will never go back again. There are far too many buffets in Vegas to venture to if we ever are in the mood. This place just doesn't have what it takes.
2_star For 25 years since I've lived in Las Vegas I always went to Siena Deli on Trop & Eastern for the "Best Fresh Hot Italian Sausage" and finally I get the chance to get over to the fancy new location on West Sahara to get out fix. The Siena deli is now by far much more organized, lavished and beautiful. However, their sausage is now a whopping $7 bucks a pound (it use to be $4-5 per pound)........but no biggie, everything has gone up. I was so excited to taste it, so I get home, my hubby makes his sauce opens up the bag to add the sausage and first thing I notice is the sausage has no color (hot is usually red from the pepper and spice) and just by the look we can tell it is not the same quality and not to our surprise the flavor is not the same either. The new product is mediocre, boring, and basically tasteless....total bummer and a big disappointment. If you step it up & spice it up, we may be back but for 7 bucks a pound it better be made with kurobuta pork. Too bad, it is so sad to see that another good ole Vegas establishment gone bad. Adios to the good ole Siena that once was:(
2_star Expensive. Bad tasting burger. Gave them two stars because they have healthier meat than other places (their claim)
4_star Very good place for all things lobster! I had the lobster Mac and cheese and the lobster poutine. Very good! The place is quite small and tends to get busy during prime dinner time. We knew this so we went early and had no problem getting seats. As the evening progressed the lines grew outside. Service was friendly and accommodating. We ordered a bunch of stuff for apps and we wanted to share. They're more than happy to bring extra cutlery and plates. Yum! I think I may need to go back soon to satisfy my lobster craving!
3_star Pizza is always good their but their was a time last week or so that I went in on a normal Friday pizza day and the young man that helped us was very unfriendly. When we asked what the specials were he pointed at the menus . I was very surprised to say the least .. Over all great pizza !!!!
3_star Tried Capriotti's when the Tempe craft fair was going on. We were surprised to find that there were only a couple of other customers while we were there. We split a gigantic sandwich called a Slaw B Jo (or something like that) which was made on good bread and piled with roast beef. The cheese portion was fine. There was a little dressing and a little slaw but, overall, the sandwich was very dry. We asked for more dressing which was willingly provided. It seems to be a place where local office workers go for lunch so is probably great for that, but if we were in Tempe again at mealtime, we probably wouldn't bother to go back.
4_star We enjoy stopping by when in that part of town, but not to go out of our way. Bakery items are good but not "to die for". Atmosphere is enjoyably coffee shop chic.
1_star Let's just say this, if you are white trash, you will love this place. You truly will fit in perfectly, since that is all that frequents this fine establishment. Their food is not fit for humans, their service is very sub par, their clientelle is, as I've already stated, rather Apache Junction-like and the atmosphere is just depressing. So come on down and make sure to wear your finest Metal Mullisha T-shirt and bring multiple packs of cigarettes to enjoy on their smoke filled patio, with the rest of the toothless patrons.
5_star Great breakfast. Good mimosas and bloody marys. The French toast and eggs Benedict with duck was delicious. The ambiance was good too. Sit on the pAtio.
2_star $6 for edamame...you know the stuff that a Sushi place serves up for free while you wait. For the quality (or lack of) that you get here the prices are definitely out of whack. Plenty of T.Vs, even in the bathroom, makes it a good place to watch the game! The big miss here though was the service, Literally like 20 minutes before anyone came, and when she finally did, acted kind of surly (I think she was trying to be witty, but just came off rude) Staff was all kinds of chummy around the bar, which is nice...but not if I'm still waiting for my beer. Beer list is solid and extensive to be fair...but definitely not what I'd call imaginative. Flanny's in Tempe?...now THATS a place for beer lovers!
3_star Glad I wasn't looking forward to eating here, or else I would have been really disappointed. The decor, ambiance, and service was of course amazing (as in all the restaurants in the Bellagio), but the food (mainly the steak) was not on par. I had the ribeye wagyu steak and it was the worst I have ever had. It was strange, some of my pieces would be really dry and then other pieces would be overwhelmingly marbleized and fatty. I couldn't get a happy medium piece. The soy based sauce that came with it helped it a lot. Other than that, the stone crab appetizer I had was very good and fresh. I didn't like the seared foie gras (I prefer the smooth spreadable kind, this was the lumpy really livery looking kind). I had a taste of the butternut squash soup which was excellent. The mushroom side was perfect, but the truffle mashed potatoes was lacking in truffle. For dessert I had the poached pear and the coconut souffle. The poached pear dessert seemed a little bland to me. The souffle was really good and it was nice to have a coconut variation of it. I don't think I will find my way here again (sticking with CUT next time). www.anitaeat.com
4_star great bar! super fun for bigger groups. all the outdoor games are really cool and the cafe was surprisingly good. drinks can sometimes be inconsistent though.
5_star Review by a Restaurant Consultant When Guy Fieri highlights your restaurant on Diners, Drive-In's and Dives, you know that it's got to be an interesting place. I've tried several restaurants in Southern California and Las Vegas that he's reviewed. When Guy went to Yayo's near UNLV, I knew we had to try it. Yayo's location is in a small shopping center directly across from the university. Usually, with in-line restaurants, you don't expect too much. I was pleasantly surprised when we visited the restaurant. The ambiance is really interesting, with almost "Old Mexico" themed tables and lighting. This theme is carried on outside on the patio as well. With restaurants, the food must impress. Boy, Yayo's really hit a home run with their food. Their portions are more than sufficient, especially when you realize what a value their food really is. They have the best soft tacos in town! If you get their student special, you probably won't be able to finish the plate. The other aspect of Yayo's that's impressive is their service. Jonathan greets you nicely as you enter, assisting you with your menu selections. His laid-back attitude is perfect for Yayo's. Their menu is quite large, so the extra help with items is always appreciated. Yayo's is our go-to Mexican quick service restaurant in Las Vegas. As long as you understand that it's not fine dining, you'll be fine. The next time you're in town, drop by Yayo's and you will be pleasantly surprised.
2_star Did not like, few selections, not really cost effective
1_star The service was horrendous. I tried to order take out for 30+ mins..phone kept ringing...I finally drove..with my phone ringing..they had the phone off the hook cause they were busy...wanted to order Sicilian...they were out.. would have been nice if they had answered the phone instead of wasting my time.
5_star Dude Abides!!! Amazing meal, won't be hungry for 24 hrs after eating here. They want me to write more, but nothing else needs to be said. Outstanding sandwiches, a pound of French fries and a substantial beer menu make this one of my favorite indulgences when traveling to Cleveland.
3_star The food is ok and my family loved this place. My brother got a shrimp po boy and he loved it. I had there pasta and I did not like it.
3_star Two key points: 1. Lunch: cheaper, laid-back 2. French fries with garlic aioli: fatty deliciousness (You must ask for the aioli.) They have a decent lunch, though I really just go for the french fries. Other lunch food worthwhile: tomato bisque, chicken salad wrap, and grilled cheese. I was never in a burger mood when there, but I see a lot of people ordering it. Service here often becomes great fodder for conversation afterward. I mean, there was a waitress who was super perky and nodded vigorously whenever I asked for something--to then come back happily each time, completely forgetting that I asked for anything at all. I forced a friend to steal sugar from tables because of her. And another waiter who ran around in a rush as if someone was holding a gun to him and ordering him to drop those checks off, stat.
3_star Food was good but not great. Prices were a bit high but Vegas has really become that way everywhere. Good service.
5_star Great late brunch experience today! Ever meet a waiter that just rocks at their job? "Franch" went above and beyond for us today! Every order that came out was spot on, and he was great with summer drink recommendations. Been to peculiar plenty of times for the city view & good food, but this is the first time I've been impressed with the service! The Nola Benedict is my personal favorite brunch option.
4_star These cats got it all going for them. Taste, price and coolness. If your all into the scene and need to be catered to, like your paris hilton, don't bother. It also has a great market selection, mine being the deserts and sweets. The plates have some good choice, I go the way of a main kabob, rice (mmmm), hummus and fries. They also lay on the pita bread, so its all good here. Oh, and be sure to bring someone you can converse with or something to read, its not fast food, so relax.
5_star Just finished eating here and man is this place delicious. I ordered the 'Boozer' which is a beer brat served in a pretzel roll and it was incredible, especially for $5 which includes a side and drink. The staff was very friendly and the service was all around great. Will definitely be going back soon.
4_star Joe Mamas offers pretty good food at a decent price. It's a great choice for college kids. They also recently brought back half-price, where parts of their menu are sold at half-price after 10 pm.
1_star First of all, and this really bothers me, if you scroll through the reviews for Juliano's on UrbanSpoon, you will see a TON of glowing reviews, all from new users who have never reviewed any other restaurant. They have an unusually high number of reviews & "likes" over there & you usually only see that when a restaurant is padding their own reviews. I've eaten here maybe 10 times over the years. I was just there the other day for a friend's birthday dinner - his choice. The place is old & worn down & in desperate need of being redone. Another friend commented on how dirty the place looked. It's not an appetizing place to eat. The pizza was ok - not terrible but nothing great. I made the mistake, however, of ordering the buffalo chicken salad for $9.99. It was, literally, a bed of iceberg lettuce, four cherry tomatoes, a sprinkle of cheese & two pieces of buffalo chicken (two tenders). There was nothing else on it. The menu said it also came with fries, but there weren't any on my salad. The dressing wasn't good & the waitress even told me, point blank, "we don't use real bleu cheese here, the kind with the chunks of cheese in it." Well, ok then. They gave me a cold slice of white bread to go with my salad too - why wouldn't you give me a hot breadstick? I can honestly say that it was the worst buffalo chicken salad I've ever had & the price was crazy considering what it was. Had it not been my friend's birthday, I would have sent it back. We also had the fried zucchini and it was completely soggy. The prices are higher than they should be. Check out the pizzas on the menu to see what they charge for toppings and speciality pizzas & you'll see what I mean. The pasta, the salads - everything is overpriced. This restaurant needs an overhaul on the inside, much better quality food & service & prices that reflect what they actually serve. I definitely will not eat here again after my last visit.
4_star I have tried the Margherita pizza at many popular Phoenix restaurants that make it (because that's how you judge a Neopolitan-style pizza restaurant, right?) and this is my favorite one. I like it better than the much buzzed-about Pomo (too burnt), better than Il Bosco (too cheesy), MILES better than Sauce (just bad), better than the Parlor (too floppy), and possibly even better than the venerable Pizzeria Bianco (too pretentious maybe?). The reason I'm not giving the place 5 stars is that the décor does not match the high quality of the pizza. Pretty much all of the places mentioned have nicer atmosphere.
5_star Hey all, my 5 star is solely based on the food. I've visited at various times during the day and it seems run well enough, and though it seems to have a fairly large group of regulars it really doesn't bother me, but I know that that could turn some patrons off. HOWEVER, as a Chicagoian who values quality food I can honestly say that Jolies has a menu that's unrivaled in the valley. I've easily tried half a dozen dishes and everything was MUCH better than I expected. The service is always good, and it's easy to flag down a server when things get busy and they seem on top of it. So thanks, Jolie's, for being a place that's been reliably good.
4_star a friend took me to this place and i couldn't stop going. definitely one of the best inidan resto in mtl. their naan is soo delicious and moist, yummy!! damn too bad SD doesn't have good indian resto.. i love their eggplant dish, out of this world. not sure how they cook their eggplant but it comes out smokey.. perhaps they grill or roast it in the oven but it is one of my fave dish there. i used noticed that we're the only non-montrealers writing this review.. what happened to these montrealers? i can't wait to go back once i'm in town!!
4_star It's a 3.5 stars review. As mentioned in other reviews, spacious, pretty clean compared to other established Chinatown hotpot locations. Personal sized hot pot. Went for family day lunch. $2 is added totalling $25.99 per adult. Drinks extra. Soup base is extra as well ranges from $2.5 - $3. Ordered lamb, pork, tofu, fish balls, mushroom, and veggies. Meat quality is decent. Overall, it's a place I will go again.
1_star Some of the worst service I have ever experienced! Decided on this "sports bar" to watch the Big 12 Basketball Championship. When we entered we asked the server which TV would have the game on, he said we could sit anywhere because the bartender, Landon, would turn on whatever we game wanted, since only a few people were there. We sat at the bar by a TV that no one was watching and asked if the game could be turned on. He said no because it was already on one TV, and pointed to the TV at the opposite end of the bar where the only other people in the place were sitting. We moved to a table that had a fair view of the TV and he took our order. It appeared that the idea of having to wait on anybody was the most painful thing he had ever experienced. We got our beer, which was not very cold and ordered food. He was unfamiliar with menu, but our food came as ordered. It was okay, typical bar food. I finished my beer at the midpoint of the first half and it wasn't until half time that he asked if I would like another, by that point I had decided we would be moving to another establishment with far better service to spend our money. If the place was packed, I could understand it, but it was far from that. We will not be returning to this place!
5_star Wonderful crepe! I had the ham and cheddar - the cheddar was really amazing and the consistency of the crepe was perfect. The owner is so kind and it's just a fun place.
3_star Good seafood. Waiter was trying to upsell on the Scottish blue lobster (it was sooo obvious thus annoying), . Wife just had the maine lobster and I had the bass. I liked it. Drink was good (dream), flower in it tasted great. Ok for the price we paid, not a great experience.
3_star Had the crab legs, tomato salad and the sea bass. The crab legs were good because they were pre-cracked. The sea bass was served with the head and tail. It is not Chilean sea bass and was not that great. The service was really really slow. We had a large group, 16 people, but it took over three hours. The seats are really formal and the wait staff could not reach over the seats to get or pick up food, so they hit my chair every time. There are plenty of other restaurants in Vegas that are much better.
4_star The casino buffet is above average for Arizona with some good entrees and soups as other critics have described. Or so I am told by the friends and family that dine with me. I only sample the rest of the offerings because the big deal on this place is - the times they serve all you can eat crab legs. The staff constantly refills the crab, even setting up a second station if traffic is high. Consequently they are fresh and hot - excellent crabbing! Slow roasted prime rib is also added on Sunday. It also is very well cooked and Delicious! I have actually taken time to have some of the prime rib and validate that it is very good. Take if from someone that knows every existing and past all you can eat crab leg opportunities, this is the best in Arizona!
3_star I have long heard about Pink's Hot Dogs being a go-to hot spot late at night for grub and the chance to run into celebrities out in Hollywood but have never had the chance to go. Thus I was really excited when I saw that Pink's had opened a storefront right on the strip in Vegas. After a long night of debauchery, I walked halfway across the strip just so I could eat at Pink's. I have to give them credit, they sure know how to jazz up a hot dog. I ordered a spicy Mojave Dog, which is a polish sausage with nacho cheese, guacamole and jalapeño peppers on it. I ordered relish on it as well. The combination works well in theory as well as in practice. But in practice all of that stuff on a hot dog makes it damn near impossible to eat as you would normally. Picking it up makes all the toppings fall off, and a sloppy mess gets all over your hands. So I had to resort to eating the dog with a fork and knife. I felt pretty stupid, but it was the only way to do it and plenty of people around me were doing the same. But eating like that made the bun soggy, which is not good. I appreciate the effort they put into dressing up a hot dog, but I only give it three stars because I've had amazing "gourmet" hot dogs in Chicago before, with toppings piled high, but with which I could still eat as hot dogs are intended to be eaten - with your hands.
2_star This was one of the most disappointing meals I've had in some time. I was dining alone, so I was seated at the kitchen bar. For the most part this was fine, although service seemed somewhat of an afterthought for these seats. My main problem was the food. I had a tasteless green garlic and dandelion soup to start. The meyer lemon panna cotta cubes were the highlight and the only part that had any flavor. Even the trout roe was bland and flabby, not briny and crisp. For an entree I ordered the squab and pork belly. There was about a 30 minute gap between the soup and my main course even though the restaurant wasn't full. I was told the squab was served medium rare; however, my squab can only be described as raw. It was so undercooked that I tried one bite and left the rest untouched. The pork belly was fine but at this point everyone and their dog is serving pork belly. The falafel that accompanied the dish really didn't mesh. The block of wood that served as a plate came across as an affectation (I should have looked around for the garage sale record player currently popular in these types of restaurants). I left feeling disappointed, ignored, and a bit hungry.
2_star I've always been told to try everything twice. My wife and I had come here once and while the meat plate we ordered with our drinks was good, the atmosphere (loud thumping music that prevented us from talking) left a bit to be desired. Our second time around, on our anniversary, my wife ordered a pork skillet and I ordered a burger. Her pork was so fatty that she couldn't finish it, and my burger was so unbelievably salty that I had to stop after a few bites. I have never sent back food before, but I've always been able to choke down my food; not this time. The waiter was very nice about it and got us free desserts as well as taking my burger off our bill. I'm just baffled that someone let that go out the door. I doubt we'll go back.
3_star Good enough food, but their delivery people leave a lot to be desired. Snotty, sneering teens with bad attitudes and surly manners. Here I am sitting with my arms pull of food and he wants me to sign the slip, I say I cant, so he says " well give me the damn food back then, duh. ". Sneered and snorted as I put the food down on the floor with no help to sign his slip. You can get the same quality food elsewhere w/out the service with a sneer.
1_star The service here has gone down hill since they opened. Today I ordered the mahi mahi sandwich meal. I went to put the sauce on the bun and there was only enough fish to cover half the bun. Really? I sent the cashier person back to get another piece. I shouldn't have to check to make sure there is a complete sandwich. Very disappointed. Will not be back.
4_star Great resto for authentic afghan food. Nice mixture of flavours and spices. The rice dishes and grilled meats were delectable. My fave has to be the eggplant! Afghan tea is a must to finish off the meal. Byow too.
1_star Never made it past the front desk staff. We'd made a reservation that they decided not to honour because a large party came in unexpectedly. I understand when you get slammed but how is it my fault and why did i leave feeling like I wasn't good enough to eat there? I dine out, entertain clients and socialize a lot. This was an epic fail management wise. Looking forward to trying again when the staff gets sorted out. Great location. Something good is needed in this area. Hope whatever is going in beside Bed Bath & Beyond is competitive.
2_star I didn't feel like this place lived up to the expectations. I was more excited to come here but was let down. It took them too long to serve us our apps and mains. Our apps took about half an hour while our mains took about an hour to come. People came in, ate and left before we even got our food. The food itself was okay. I ordered the fried chicken and waffles - the chicken was way too fatty and the waffles just tasted, odd. Let's just say I've had better southern food.
1_star I use to love this restaurant for delivery, but I will never order from them again. I placed my order early and after waiting one hour (weather was fine) was told my food would be delivered in 10-12 mins. Manager told me I should have been told they were behind when I placed the order but I wasn't and They have always delivered my food within 45 mins or less before. Said he added two a Coke's to the order - I don't drink Coke so it meant nothing to me. Another 15 minutes went by and no food so I cancelled my order. Guys shows up but I refused the order. Just be honest - u either missed the order or you were too busy and should have immediately compensated me for your mistake. Very sad because when I do want Greek they have been my go to for quick delivery.
3_star Got a Groupon deal for two Yard stick drinks. It was good, but didn't do ANYTHING to me. Didnt even feel a buzz. You gotta buy extra shots if you want it to be worth something. Haven't tried the food, so this review is just based on the drinks. The drinks were tasty though. They say that Moonshine is the strongest of the bunch...ehhh.
3_star Food was Ok. For some reason, the waiters were pretty clueless. If you work nearby, it is a decent place to get a quick lunch.
3_star I am a local. That is I was born here. Since BJ's open I've been here a lot and by that I mean weekly. I would say 2 out of 5 times it goes wonderfully, but 2 out of 5 is why I don't come here as often is why I don't come here as often but it is convenient and most people are satisfied. And rightly so they do have some excellent things before they change the jambalaya it was my very favorite. And the Jeremiah red is the best micro brew available in a restaurant chain. I am @ at BJ's today with my mother in law and enjoyed a mushroom Portobello swiss burger rare the first time it came out was not correct however the server rectify the situation quickly and I had a wonderful meal. But he insisted to call the manager over which seemed rather unconcerned with problem with the food. Despite the lack of managerial assistance the meal went great.
5_star Great atmosphere, friendly service and really good food! I love going to this place for breakfast (served all day), lunch or dinner. Delicious pies, sundaes and shakes, too!
3_star I agree that people are a bit harsh on this place. It's a Canadian burrito joint after all, and a true Mexican Restaurant would probably not have whole wheat tortillas, brown rice, and lowfat sour cream. On that note, I think Z-Teca is a good place to have a meal before sitting in class for 3 hours. I love their industrial chic seating area, great for getting last minute homework done. Prices are great, especially as it seems to be the trend to overcharge for healthy food. I have been pretty satisfied with the grilled shrimp burrito (light and delicate), though I will admit their chicken is on the bland side. Their food has a very clean and healthy flavour with very little aftertaste. I've never been to Chipotle, which this place often gets compared to. However, I just got back from a week of taco binging in Mexico City and the fact that I am not complaining about Z-Teca is probably not a bad thing.
5_star Probably the best meal I've had in Calgary in a long time. Everything was absolutely delicious especially the french fries and hollandaise sauce, cauliflower fritters and the bread pudding!!! Gabby took great care of us! Such great service. Love love love Bistro Rouge!
4_star My go to place for dim sum . But yiu go at night it is more beautiful with the view and you don't see everything everything in everything in lake Ontario. Service was spot on. We ordered shrimp dumplings sui Mai, beef rice noodles, spring rolls and Chiken feet. But don't come here if you are really hungry since it can get expensive. Or you have a person that order way too much and them take it home &never eat it I would come more often but I live uptown ,
3_star We were seated promptly for out 7 pm reservation. Restaurant 1/4-1/2 full. Waiter was prompt with greeting then seemed to want to get us moving. Asking bout our meal orders before our drink orders. Then once placed the meals came out way too fast - like can it be made to order? Once meal was served the waiter became less attentive until we had to flag him down for dessert/bill. Coffee was an added thought and problem. The food was good - escargot, filet mignon and scallop risotto. Just felt the tempo was off... hurry hurry then wait
2_star I believe the food is average at best. We have gone there for lunch a few times over the last ten years for lunch. Today I selected the traditional calzone. The dough was soggy and there was red onions and mushrooms plus pizza sauce and cheese inside. The ingredients were barely warm and lacking flavor. My wife ordered French onion soup and salad. The salad did not look fresh and the soup was bad. This food concept which started in 1977 by two entrepreneur brothers has long passed it's prime. The service is slow and the place needs a makeover now. It is OK if you are just passing by off the interstate and don't expect a great food experience. At least you will not need reservations since there are as always plenty of empty seats.
4_star You walk in, order and get seated. The food comes out really quickly, I typically go here on my lunch around 12 and am able to eat and leave by 12:30 and I'm still able to take my time. The food is very authentic and delicious, the best Mexican restaurant in sun prairie that I've ever been to!
4_star This gem is tucked away in an industrial area that no one would think that you will find a good sandwich. This is the second time I'm here and I ordered a veal sandwich on a round pancetta, with mushroom and rapini for toppings. The sandwich is certainly one of the best I have, the veal is tender and go very well with the pancetta. Best part of the sandwich is the sauce in it, all the other California sandwich places their sauce is always overdo and quite watery. The sauce they use is a little chunkier and has a nicer texture, there is more substance on this aside compare to the others. I was here last year and I had a pochetta sandwich. I did not get it this time because it is a little dry, my friend had it today and he said the pochetta is excellent today, he was with me last time and had a pochetta sandwich, he also remember it was dry. I already know my next order. Pochetta sandwich with rapini. I'm sure it will be wonderful..
1_star I don't understand how a human being with 2 ears that work perfectly fine cannot get an order correct. I place an order with "Alaina or Alana" it's completely wrong and I was given no receipt! So I call and speak to Jamie the store supervisor/manager who has the absolute worst guest resolution skills EVER!! I call and tell the manager Jamie my order is wrong and would like it refunded, she thinks that I was lying and asked me to drive back up to Panera bread with the entire order as I was given no receipt to PROVE that I was even there!! She never offered to replace my meal not one time!! I eat at Panera breads all over the country and this location and staff are beyond the worst ever in life!! Poor customer service skills like this example given is why people in the food and beverage industry have the stigma of being stupid people!! All she had to do was replace my pick 2, offer a smoothie or dessert on the house and all would have ended well, but no, I drove to Panera twice that day and I will not be driving back to a Panera anytime because of Jamie and Alaina!! These girls need to be working in the dish room, NOT WITH CUSTOMERS!!!
2_star Meh... this place was alright. Nothing spectacular unless you're into sugar free deserts. Lots of those. The 'fresh' crab legs were anything but. There sure were a lot of them though. Same with the ethnic dishes (Mexican, Chinese, etc). Same goes for their BBQ. If you're looking for a good buffet to go to while on the strip, go elsewhere.
2_star Got a burger here and opted for the onion rings instead of french fries. Once the food arrived, after a considerable wait and empty water glasses, I instantly regretted my decision. The onion rings were those skinny little fried, non-onion, onion rings that seem to be showing up everywhere lately. While they are all fine and good on a burger, as a side they are a major disappointment. The burger was pretty much a McBurger with a bigger bun. I could have handled the average food if the service wasn't so lackluster. Go for the golf, don't stay for the food.
2_star If you list a menu item as "the world's greatest hot dog" it had better be damn good. Mine was just okay..and luke warm. And the mac and cheese lacked any kind of sharpness or flavor. So, $15 for the hot dog, mac & cheese, and an ice tea...high by a couple of bucks...and just not very good.
1_star Worst experience ever !!! We saw a banner for 2 chicken sandwiches for $6 while we drove by and saw the word combo too, very misleading if you ate driving by. So we went drive thru and ordered the special for chicken sandwiches and were told it was $10.81, we get to the window and the lady says 12.97 and my fiance asked why the price changes and she said 'oh because the other register charges wrong' my fiance said well shouldnt you honor the $10.81?? She said with a smart remark "do you want two combos or not" we said yes, she then answered well pay $12.97 that's when my fiance became a smart ass and said we want them for the price you told UA at the speaker, your machine making a mistake isn't my fault. She slammed the window and went to take a picture of the banner and said "look its $6/per combo you want it or not??? We asked for a manager and she said she was in charge.. We said we aren't moving until we get our price. She called corporate to ask for an override and said very rudely she wouldn't do it !!!! She went outside the drive thru and took a pic of our plates !!! We moved to avoid the cars behind having problems but this cashier Liz was a terrible person. We asked for something so simple she didn't have to be so rude and unprofessional.. Avoid her !!!!!!!
2_star Dear B-dub3 waitstaff: when your customers make a special request, please consider paying attention. For example, the other day, when we requested our order of chicken wings extra crispy? They came out almost underdone. Then, after sending them back and expressing our displeasure, VOILA! Our waitress returns TWO MINUTES later with a new batch! Well, I can do that math. "Wow, that was fast," I say, a weensy bit on the dubious side. "Oh, when we're this busy, we have new orders coming out all the time," says our over-perky waitress. Extra crispy? PFFFFFFFFT. Double fail. YOU LOSE. Sincerely, Patron-who-will-never-be-ordering-chicken-wings-in-your-establishment-again
1_star Amazing food, but very disappointed with my reservation. I called on a Monday to reserve a table on Thursday BY THE WINDOW since I had an out of town guest with me. I thought it would be nice to overlook the lake with a view of downtown. I was told those seats were 1st come, 1st served. I would think that a call on Monday for dinner on Thursday would qualify as "1st come". Would I suggest this restaurant based on customer service ?? ...probably not!
3_star Celebrated our anniversary at Gordon Ramsey Steak. Start with the positives - the restaurant was beautiful! We sat upstairs in a round, fairly private booth. The meat presentation was very cool and thorough. Food was delicious. Mac n Cheese and baked potatoes were both excellent. My filet was cooked and seasoned perfectly. My husband's ribeye was a little overdone - ordered medium rare, came out a little more than Medium. Sticky toffee pudding was yummy - extremely moist and the presentation was adorable. Now for the main negative. Our waiter was terrible!! Our server, Tony, was clearly upset that we didn't order any cocktails and, therefore, reduced the overall tip possibility for the table. Once we indicated we were not drinking, his level of interest in serving us all but vanished. Took him 10 or more minutes to come back to take our order. Discouraged us and other tables from ordering the beef Wellington (I assume due to time and desire to turn the table). Didn't come to the table when the food was dropped to make sure we had everything. Checked on us one time while dining. Did get a little pep in his step when we ordered two desserts, but it was too little too late. Thank goodness for our great server assistant, I think his name may have been John. He was great!!! Incredibly personable. Spent at least twice as much time checking on us and chatting with us than our waiter did. If I could have requested that my full tip had gone to the assistant, I would certainly have done so.
3_star While the ambiance here is definitely nothing worth writing home about, you can't beat the reverse happy hour. $3.50 food items (hummus, mozzarella sticks, etc) bring me back from time to time. They also have some drink specials, including theme nights where you can get cheap margaritas, etc. Worth going at least once.
4_star Service is always solid. Above and beyond. Food has occasionally been a bit salty... Love the fresh squeezed juice from bar for cocktails.
2_star To start, I'm ONLY giving this place 2 stars because the service wasn't terrible. Also, if more people in Phoenix reviewed we could probably avoid most of these overpriced robberies. I ordered a cocktail that was actually pretty good. Something with sparkling wine and muddled sage I believe. My Mom had a mango martini. That was also pretty good. They are apparently 'known for their martinis'. Though I find it really hard to believe that they're known for anything. As an appetizer we had caprese. It was 12 bucks and came with four tomato slices that were not ripe, four pieces of impostor buffalo mozzarella and a flake of basil. Hands down the worst I have ever had. Next came the salads. These were made up of a few greens and half a tomato. Seriously? For my entree I ordered a mixed veggie type pasta with oil and garlic. 20 bucks down the drain. My boyfriend had the 'special' which was Cioppino. It was 36 dollars and his stomach is feeling ever dollar of it. We took our left overs because we just do that and don't want to be wasteful. On the way home the smell of it was so bad we had to pull over to toss it out. This place is a crock. They couldn't get me to eat here again at fast food prices. For 4 people (And only 2 cocktails) our bill came out to 180 bucks. What a rip off.
4_star Great food! Service can be on the slower side but food has always come out hot and how I ordered it! My new fav steak joint!
4_star Had a really nice meal here on a recent visit to Pittsburgh. The swordfish entree was very different but very good. The restaurant is very cool in its architecture and its staff is tip-top. The only problem is the bar which is very loud if you are sitting right above it. I would recommend telling them when you make a reservation that you prefer to be away from the bar.
3_star Good food.....good music. Chicken fried steak was the best. Staff was friendly but nothing to write home about. Lol....three people two mints!
5_star De loin le meilleur resto dans le village. Nourriture excellente, prix raisonnable même pour le vin. Excellent service, sympathique et belle terrasse aussi. By far the best restaurant in the village. Amazing food and good prices, even for the wine.
3_star Sushi was nice, fresh fish of a good quality, but, a bit pricey and the service was a little hit and miss. Took about 20 minutes to bring our drinks which was rather long when we calculated about one server for every table ! All in all though, perfectly fine for a quick meal if you are near by, but I wouldn't go out of your way.
1_star GROSS!!! A couple of friends and I were enjoying the taquitos, when one of them asked me what the dark spot on his tortilla was... the tortilla was spotted with furry blue-green MOLD. Oddly, he had already eaten one of the 'spotted' tortillas, thinking they were a specialty. It was pretty darkly lit in there. When he showed the tortilla to the bartender, she agreed it was gross and then joked that she "hoped he enjoyed his last meal." She tossed the moldy tortilla in the trash can and then said nothing about it again. Without a word, we collectively decided against ordering entrees. I'm just wondering how long those tortillas sat in the warmers? And also, if the Bartender bothered to tell the chef about the food being served. The margarita were pre-made. They are poured from gallon jugs. After questioning the food's freshness, we were left questioning the drinks.
3_star Pretty average breakfast/brunch spot in Parkdale with a gorgeous interior! We live close by and I had been meaning to check this spot out for awhile. Seems like a bit of a hidden gem, we got a booth right away on a Saturday around noon for brunch. The building is beautiful inside, big windows, and a high tin ceiling. Husband had the eggs benedict and enjoyed it, said it was pretty standard (he is very partial to the benny at the Drake). I had the roasted veggie and goat cheese omlette. I thought it was very good, eggs were nicely cooked and they didn't skimp on the chevre. Both meals came with home fries and mine also had toast (choice of rye, multigrain, brown or white). I thought the prices were more than fair and the service was friendly. I'd go back but it's nothing very special, especially in an area swarming with brunch spots.
5_star OK, I have been here before and loved the food, and my daughter adores this place as well. I was a little hesitant because there was a review posted that made me uneasy, I am Caucasian and my daughter is bi-racial. I have been in places where both she and i had been discriminated against and it is hurtful. I will say when i came in here today, i was immediately greeted by Jasmin (?) I hope I got her name right. She was so helpful and took our orders right away. I had a restaurant.com certificate and i wanted chicken and waffles (my daughter loves Roscoe's in Pasadena and I wanted her to have them here). Jasmin suggested we get the chicken and waffles and in order to utilize the value of the certificate she recommended the smothered chicken as a to-go order. The food was brought out fresh, hot and delicious. No attitude by anyone that I was aware of, if anything, they were uber attentive. She even got us our drinks to go. Nice touch. All the food (and there was a LOT) was so delicious. I will definitely be coming back more often. everyone has an "off" day and poor service and rudeness are inexcusable, but I am happy to say that M&M treated me and my daughter like family. I can't wait to try the chitterlings next time..
1_star There is nothing i liked about this place at all, I came here because it was close by and had good reviews, however I am not sure why it does. I shared four sushi rolls with my sister and only sort of liked one of them. One had so much mayo on it I felt like I was just putting a spoonful of mayo in my mouth (I think it was called the super spicy roll.) It is also a very tiny place. Tables are so close together it makes it uncomfortable to talk to the person you are dining with... also it took a very long time to get our food soooo yeah I would not go back!
3_star Had dinner here after attending desi fest in Dundas square on Saturday night. Food was ok, and service was fine. The pull of the place is the great terrace patio overlooking Dundas square. I would go again just to sit there.
1_star Ordered the fish and chips, side and beverage for $20. Service was very good, but the food was not. Super greasy and not sure if the fish was cooked thoroughly. And no tartar sauce. I didn't eat much of my expensive meal, and I might have still been hungry if I hadn't lost my appetite.
2_star My last few trips had been rather disappointing. The portions have gotten smaller with the prices increasing. The quality of food is very nice, but for the cost you could do better.
5_star We just moved from Scottsdale to chandler a couple months ago and finding a great spot to frequent has been a major struggle. Thank goodness for the Brickyard! Amazing food, amazing service, amazing drinks.. Not one detail is ever overlooked.. Very attentive staff from the girls up front to the bartenders, expos & management.. We have been in this industry for YEARS and appreciate when you can find a place that runs so smoothly where you can actually relax & enjoy yourself;-) We're beyond stoked to have found this place and whenever we get a break, we are bellied up at the bar eating those delicious tacos! Thanks to everyone for making this a great spot!
1_star Worst service ever!!!! My family and I literally walked out of the restaurant, our waitress was extremely rude from the start she seemed upset that she had to take our drink order. When she took our drink order she didn't return with our drinks until 20 minutes later. As she began taking order she insulted my 10 year old step daughter stating she didn't look ten, immediately we asked for the Manger. Chris the manager on duty actually stood behind us and watched everything transpire, we again requested to speak with the manager again, when another waitress( very sweet with tattoos) searched for him, when we realized that Chris the manager was right behind us we approached him, he refused to offer assistance when my fiancé asked him if he was aware of the situation Chris then stated he was busy and that he didn't care and Merry Christmas.
2_star What can I say that's good, the manager refunded our money promptly I guess. I ordered 40 hot wings breaded to go, we live in Queen Creek so just picking them up was a hassle. Our order was fumbled so badly that we had to finish making them at home.
2_star Went here and was somewhat disappointed. Food was mediocre and service was very slow. Was basically run of the mill americanized asian food (not that there's anything wrong with americanized asian food but there's nothing good about run of the mill).
2_star Things are slipping.... I'm wondering if Feathers' long success is affecting their attention to detail. I've eaten at feathers at least 75 times in the past five years - It has always been our neighbourhood pub of choice. Sure, food service has always been a little slow but its a pub. Who's in a hurry? If you have a pint you can wait and converse. Last night I and 2 fellow diners arrived for our meal sat a table in a largely empty restaurant and waited. No drinks, no food. One waitress was on the phone and the bartender stood at a table near the front and talked with 2 customers. After about 10-15 minutes we left and ate elsewhere. To be honest, due to location we will probably return at some point but it will be a long time before Feathers is our pub of choice.
5_star The view is great, like the other restaurants in Grandview but the exterior of the building is very deceiving. You wouldn't know how great this place is, even though small, from the inside if you just see it from the outside. We went here for the first time for my boyfriend's 30th birthday to try the chef's tasting. The staff was nice and they even gave us champagne to celebrate the occasion. I can't give enough praise about the food. We ordered different things off the 7 course meal so we ended up trying 2 out of the 3 options. It was like a journey, the menu was planned well. My favorite would be the scallop for the appetizer, the halibut for the fish course, and I can't praise the duck enough! The papaya sorbet after the fish course was a good palate cleanser before the meat entree. Even the NY strip steak was unbelievable. For desserts, i recommend the blueberry and white chocolate, I didn't like the chocolate one as much since the chocolate tart pastry that holds the ganache is a bit hard. The meal is well worth it, proportion is about right not to make you too full for the next course. We will definitely come back here!
1_star First time there. I ordered a BLT the Bacon was like rubber. The bread wad as hard as a rock. The waiter never checked back after dropping if the meal. The manager Javier was great. Offered to remake i didn't have the time to wait.
2_star Un bar-restaurant Moyen Qualité des aliments moyenne On sent que c'est une chaîne de restaurants Et comme souvent la qualité n'est pas une priorité Dommage Car le service est attentif, et cela malgré le sous effectif que l'on peut voir En résumé : qualité / prix moyen
3_star Went here for lunch today. The food here was somewhat better than Frankie Tomattos (a similar joint on the other side of the region) but there was less selection. Vegetarians should be just fine here, nonetheless. The baked vegetarian pasta, although a little odd (baked fettuccine???) was very good, as were the pizzas. Ice cream was very good as well. Chocolate dipped coconut macaroons were delicious. However, the service was surly for the most part.
1_star This has to be the worst "Mexican" food I've ever had. Not authentic at all. The "salsas" they make taste like they came out of a can. Their twist on Mexican food is a joke. Don't waste your time. This place seems like a wanna be Chipotle.
5_star These are definitely the best Bagels in Arizona. I haven't been able to find a good NY bagel for awhile. Will definitely be back!
4_star My girlfriend and I ate here last night after a much more expensive and less satisfying meal in one of the hotel restaurants. I had the four fillet mignon medallions with wasabi mashed potatoes. It was awesome. She had sushi which was equally good. The outdoor patio was pleasant. The whole experience was good. Recommended!
5_star I never let the fact a restaurant in Vegas is in a strip mall bother me, because inevitably they wind up being great and Jamm's is no exception. We came based on the Yelp reviews and had to leave one for others. The free pot of bread you get with a Yelp check-in is awesome, we had the cinnamon raisin variety and were pleasantly surprised at how much lighter and fluffier it was than your regular cinnamon roll. We had omelets with home fries and it was very filling. Service was friendly and fast, good value.
3_star Place is always packed for weekend dinners, harder to get in if there's more than a party for two. Giant portions, love that there's enough to share or to munch on the followinh day. Cheese crisp and p'zookie are our motivation to come here, wish tables were not too close together, but I get it's part of their charm, plus that would mean less tables and then there would be a longer wait ;)
3_star Sorry folks they officially closed their door the weekwnd. So you have to go to the Danforth for Thier amazing gyros. Most of the friendly staff will also move there
1_star Horrible!!! My family waited 20 minutes after being seated for service in the middle of a slow Thursday afternoon. The service was poor and we had to flag down a different waitress since our waiter disappeared for 15 minutes at a time. The food was overpriced, over-spiced dog food. It was a waste of money and 90 minutes of our lives.
4_star Had lunch here Friday before a soccer game at John Carrol U. At 2:00 PM, well past lunch hour, this place was packed. The hot Pastrami on Rye with Swiss Cheese and Russian dressing was outstanding. It was well worth $9.40 and was overstuffed with tender, tasty Pastrami. Others in my group enjoyed their sandwiches as well. TIP: Consider how hungry you are before ordering soup and sandwich. They have no cups. Their regular bowl is large and their "big" bowl is a meal all by itself.
5_star Went here for a New Years Eve dinner. Service was absolutely amazing!! The food was great too. It was a preset menu for a 3 course dinner. The Hummus Nachos are to die for!!! Will certainly be back when I come back in town. Reservations are really recommended here.
1_star I was surprised how the food has changed since Chris owned the place. I had a meal and ordered fried rice at a added cost instead of white rice, the rice sure wasn't fried rice. The owner still plays Peek a boo and doesn't walk around to say hello to the customers as Chris did. The food is par and the sushi is OK, but Rochelle N. wasn't eating at the restaurant when Chris owned it for the service now isn't that great, they stand around and talk instead of being alert to the customers needs.
4_star I'm not an expert on Thai cuisine, but I visited this establishment using a group coupon voucher. The starters were shrimp wrapped in a taquito-like shell, and a mango salad. I enjoyed the shrimp, but I found the mango salad was too sweet to be a good appetizer. For the mains my companion and I ordered a tofu curry and chicken in a cashew sauce with noodles, respectively. Nothing unusually striking with my chicken dish. The flavor was quite acceptable and portion size was good. My companion didn't have any complaints about the curry dish, and she even brought home the leftovers. Dessert consisted of two pieces of fried banana and a scoop of coconut ice cream. Both were quite appealing, though I accidentally got some of the fried banana syrup on my finger. The syrup was incredibly sticky and I had to wash it off at a sink as merely using a napkin was not enough. The dining area is small (under 10 tables), and the service was excellent. I did not see a picture of the Thai king on the wall, which to my understanding every Thai restuarant ought to have. But it certainly seems like a nice neighborhood place to go to as a repeat customer.
4_star My wife and I had dinner here tonight, and we loved it. We were greeted by a friendly woman and we got the table at the front, by the window, and it was really cozy. We shared the fresh mussel mariniere appetizer and it was scrumptious. My wife had the fresh grilled salmon and I had the supreme chicken and both were phenomenal! The chicken breast was moist and served in a curry, apricot, and scotch sauce on a bed of rice, it was so good. For dessert my wife had the carrot cake and I had the chocolate cake and while both were really good, the carrot cake was definitely better. It was soft and delicious, with plump raisins, and coconut icing. We strongly recommend this place. The ambiance is like an old cozy house, with paintings on the walls, pillows on the benches, and it's small size makes it feel very homely. We will certainly be going back.
1_star This place was TERRIBLE!!!!! They did not serve us because they did not have "clean dishes". I have NEVER heard of that in my life. Denny's is TERIIBLE!!! DO NOT EAT HERE!!!!!!!!!!! If I could give ZERO STARS, I would!!!!
5_star We were in a late meeting and needed to order lunch for delivery. We called and the woman was super friendly. Ordered the chicken shawerma plate. The chicken and rice had tons of flavor. The garlic sauce is fresh and adds to the flavor without overpowering the chicken flavor. The delivery guy was super sweet!
3_star I used to live on this side of town and would come here once in awhile. Back then, the service was alright. I had to wait once in awhile at the front because the drive through was backed up. And they would get my order right. Today, when I stopped for a quick bite to eat before class, I went through the drive through and was surprised that the line wasn't too crazy. I ordered a McDouble, no pickles, medium french fries and a large sweet tea. Paid & got my food - awesome quickness. BUT when I got to school and started to eat - my cheese burger had pickles. Not only did it have pickles, it had the receipt that said "(1) McDouble; NO pickles." And my sweet tea was watered down and not so sweet, more like bland. Also, my french fries was thrown in the bag & practically poured out of the little holder. Really McDonald's? We're going to lower our food services because we have an updated drive through terminal? Just because I go through drive through, does not mean you RUSH me through. I like my food to be made to order. Thanks.
3_star Good egg rolls and General Tso's, but the sesame beef was weirdly crunchy. Didn't like that so much.
4_star What great burgers! Burgers are very unique. I got the brûlée burger which had burnt sugar on the bun and a fried egg. Very cool! The French toast fries were pretty greasy and over cooked but had potential. Overall great place.
3_star I can only speak about their gluten free pizza. Believe the crust was made in house. Was better than some I've had, but nothing special. The pizza overall lacked flavor.
2_star The food was over priced for the quality and taste. I ordered the hottie burger which was decent and cold when arrived at the table. We also had a fondue for the table which consisted of brownies and other sweets that seemed like they've been sitting out for a while. Couldn't get the server to refill my water either :( I also ordered a coronarita which tasted very watered down. Definitely will not return. On the plus side the gaming seemed like it could be fun (the gaming is the reasoning behind this review being 2 stars and not 1.)
5_star Expensive ($90 CDN per head), but really well executed french food. I especially liked my foie gras poêlé. See photos. Don't know if I can call this place romantic. It was dark, alright... Haven't had much french food that can quite compare, but I live 3000 miles away (cry)
3_star The only reason theyre getting a 3 star is because the food was good, however the service is unprofessional and they take a VERY long time for everything else.
1_star Pompous service for no reason, high prices for no reason, tasteless food with the exception of pizza. Screwed up duck fat fries!!! Takes talent to do that! Half empty place FOR VERY GOOD REASON!
2_star The Salty Senorita is one of those places that's "not the worst, not the best." I've only eaten here when I've had family visiting, as the location is pretty convenient. This restaurant seems like it would be a lot better if they didn't have such a high volume of customers. I can never tell if they're going for piss drunk college kid-or fancy white pants Scottsdale. Maybe they're going for "I barfed up Jager on my $800 tuxedo." Who knows. Their menu is great, the concepts are great, but the execution is always sloppy, bland, and never quite hits the mark. And you can totally tell that they only hire based on looks because their staff is a joke. Literally some of the worst servers I've ever encountered. Like bloody hell get your act together people, this is your job not your spring break.
4_star Great as always , got a strawberry shake as well that hit the spot. Always consistent with the flavors , however my bun was a bit darker than normal , execution slightly off there. All in all , all around great bang for the mighty dollar.
1_star We were greeted by three hosts at the door at 8:30, only to be told that they are no longer seating guests. There were empty seats, there was only two of us, but we were told that the kitchen was closing soon. The restaurant hours clearly stated open until 10:00. Extremely disappointing to be turned away at 8:30 on a Friday evening.
2_star Had the chicken souvlaki, I know it's not a creek restaurant but it wasn't that great. The chicken was not cooked to perfection. Probably the breakfast wouldn't of been better.
4_star 5 stars for yumminess, but minus 1 star for snootiness! I've been here twice, and both times we were seated in the patio area. Why were we seated in the crowded patio area when there were empty seats inside the main area?.... and why did the greeting fool look my bf up and down and gestured for us to go to the patio? Why Spago, why are you so snooty?! The food here is really yummy, but I don't understand why waitors/waitresses/greeters here act as if they are better than the paying customers? Why? Tell me why???
3_star Service was fast and friendly. Always some type of drink special. Typical sports bar atmosphere. Found the wings to be a touch dry. I like crispy skin and juicy meat but didn't get that here. Too much salt in everything.... the batter on the deep fried pickles the fries and the wing dip. I know it's bar food but the salt was overwhelming. Might go back for a beer.
1_star From a friends recommendation I wanted to try this "gem"....... Absolutely love sushi and been eating sushi for years...... I had ordered their special toro nigiri it came out looking very old and dark brown, ordered a hamachi belly and got the end of the fish which made the sushi verrrrry chewy and not enjoyable, also had a spicy salmon bowl and it was drenched in sauce with horrible pieces of fish.... What a disappointed.. Won't be going back. Service was alright, but all non speaking English servers???!! What a irritating start to a horrible lunch.
2_star First impression - non smiling and stressed out hostess said "we are five minutes behind" for our reservation. That turned into 30 minutes. Fortunately we spent that with a fabulous bartender (gal with red hair - forgot name but AWESOME) and then off to the table. This is a very (very) loud restaurant, very tight seating. We sat next to a large expense account table and the primary form of communication seemed to be shouting. Obviously, it's Vegas and this is no fault of the restaurant, but if you are looking for date experience - look elsewhere. The table staff were quite nice and engaging. Bread was kind of a cornbread muffin, I didn't care for it, but others might. This is a "steak on a plate" type of joint, everything costs extra. My date got the Filet and it was perfect - steakhouses always seem to under cook by one temp grade, but the waiter can talk you through it. I went Prime Rib, and it was fine but surprisingly flavor free on the outside. Perhaps that's the chef's style but I am used to Rib encrusted with rock salt and pepper. We did try the side of Risotto and Twice Baked - both were a waste of money. All in all, this is an average and Vegas priced steak house but I have to call out the wonderful staff.
5_star This place always busy, but food is worth it. Yellow Fin kama was OMG so so good. We had great service tonight even when it was busy. Thanks for great customer service and awesome Kama
2_star A poor experience. The decor and ambiance were promising. Everything was soft, soothing, and clean. Unfortunately, I'm more concerned with the food. I had been here once before, and I ordered a lackluster drunken noodle dish. Giving this place another chance (because I really like Thai), I ordered a lunch special Chicken Panang extra spicy with an appetizer of fresh spring rolls. To drink I ordered Thai Tea. The Thai Tea came out with a glass of water. The water was clearly tap water. It had an odd aftertaste. One sip and I was done. The Thai Tea was meh. The spring rolls were interesting. The menu indicated lettuce, bean sprouts, mint, sweet basil, cilantro, carrot and tofu. I received 4 rolls standing on one end. The top end overflowed with ingredients. The mint and basil were delicious. There was actually very little sprouts, and a lot more lettuce than in normal spring rolls. I prefer shrimp; however, I suspect they used Vietnamese pork sausage rather than tofu. Two rolls fell apart while trying to separate them from one another. While the actual spring rolls were lack luster, the peanut sauce included was actually quite good. The soup included with the lunch special was a vegetable soup. I'm glad I asked, because they actually forgot to serve it to me. The Panang was not well done. Heat level was probably about a 3 (I asked for 15 on a scale of 1-10). The Panang was also very watery. I was disappointed. I don't think that I'll return to this restaurant again.
1_star Delivery service and food quality has been steadily declining. During our last order, they took almost two hours to deliver it and when it arrived, one of the entrees was missing. A call to the store to get my $16.99 back was met with "well, our delivery driver left with all of your food." No refund. I guess we paid for the driver's dinner. Stay away.
2_star I excuse the high price I pay by the fact that I am too lazy to walk my arse over to the cheaper, not better Expresso Royale that is 2-3 blocks away. It's right by my department offices and when I have early meetings I swing in here right before to get caffeinated. That being said, their Chai Latte with a shot of expresso is pretty good. They do have free WiFi but I've only attempted to study here once. It was too dim and the chairs were uncomfortable and not situated at a good height with the table (maybe I'm just short).
4_star We were visiting Phoenix last weekend for the Rock n Roll marathon, and a local took us to Postino's for pre-race dinner. We weren't sure what to expect - we showed up early (around 6:45) on a Saturday, and the place was wide open - but we just beat the rush. By 7:30, it was packed, but we were fine. Service was great, and with one Vegan and four cautious stomachs in the group, our only regret was that we couldn't eat more! The salads are extraordinarily good, and the panini's were fresh and flavorful - the fresh cheeses are really, really good. We liked it so much, we went back on Monday before our flight left for Chicago. Great atmosphere, good menu selections, good salads, and we only wish we had more time to drink....
4_star El Molino makes the chimichanga by which I rate all other chimichangas -- if another restaurant doesn't give it just the right crispiness, with just the right accompaniments of cheese, guacamole and sour cream, then it just doesn't cut it. By the way, after almost 30 years in Phoenix I've eaten more chimichangas than I care to admit. Get El Molino's chicken or machaca chimi, which is often a nightly special for under $8, and you will be in sinus-clearing chimi heaven.
4_star This place is great! I'm mad because I've driven by numerous time and wish had stopped sooner. I had the winner chicken dinner and gumbo. Perfect! Anyone who doesn't like the food is a putz and probably doesn't like much of anything. I will go back again and again. keep up the good work!
4_star Super cheap and relatively large portions. Overall, a good place to grab a quick bite to eat for lunch or dinner. none of the dishes were mind blowing, but definitely better than some of the other places located by China Town...
1_star Really... 2 thin slices of roast beef on a sandwich. I would be embarrassed to serve such a lame sandwich
4_star Prompted by the great reviews my wife and I went for lunch. Service was prompt and friendly. We tried the corned beef and pastrami sandwiches on rye. They were okay but nothing to rave about - especially the pastrami which was not as tasty as we expected. We are both from NYC and believe we know what good pastrami should taste like. Won't be back. Above review was erroneously posted and not meant for this deli. Went there today for the first time. Food was very good. Service prompt, friendly and attentive. Definitely will go back.
3_star Unfortunately I found myself pretty underwhelmed, but I would have probably given them 4/5 if their service had been decent. Actually watched a group leave before ordering because no one came to bring them water or menus for 15+ minutes even though they only had three tables. We did get our food in a timely fashion which was nice, and my sweet Thai tea was very good. The food was kind of greasy, but not terrible. I think it was a bit overpriced and they had very few appetizers, not to mention there were quite a few items on their menu that definitely weren't Thai, which is fine if you aren't advertising how "authentic" your restaurant is. Plus they don't offer fresh rolls!!?? The waitress also did that annoying thing where she very rudely corrected my pronunciation even though she said it incorrectly, which is a really great way to not get a tip. (I left a tip anyway.) You have to walk through their kitchen in order to get to the restrooms which typically shows that a restaurant is confident in their cleanliness but I really don't think that they should be, it looked kinda gross in there. Oh and someone had spilled quite a bit of cabbage and other food next to our table and it was never cleaned up in the hour or more that we were there.
4_star First time was 6 months ago had bad experience, manager was very sorry for it and invited us back..came back much better experience, bartender Austin was awesome,knew menu, very nice and very attentive to our needs!! Michael manager great as well.will be back again!!! Thanks guys
2_star The breakfast buffet / memorial brunch was all about quantity rather than quality, it was all very average buffet flavors and I didn't enjoy a single thing I tried. The omelet wasn't good, pancakes were average and everything that was precooked (except for the pastries) wasn't good at all (pizza, pasta etc). If you have any taste buds save your money as it was way to expensive for what is it, an average buffet. To make matters worse, the service was also below average with the waitress only coming to our table twice and the cutlery and cups smelt gross like eggs. I had a better meal the day before at a diner where the entire bill was cheaper than 1 person at the buffet.
5_star Heading back to this place. Thin crust Chicago style?!? YES!!!! its awesome.
5_star Awesome beer selection ultra fast service service for a busy friday night. Had two beers at the bar it was sin city ale? I think . Anyway great beer.
4_star Only had the pizza here and the arancini ( and some of the crazy alfredo ). All were excellent. Flavorful sauce, great crust and topping on the pizza ( I had the "salami" pizza ). I will be going back for more !
2_star OH MEIN GOTT...diese Lautstärke überall...es ist eng, plüschig, bunt, schrill und laut! Das ist das Hotel Circus Circus! Dieses Hotel gehört mit seinen 3770 Zimmer eher zu den ganz alten Hotels am Strip. Eröffnet wurde es 1968 und befasst sich mit dem Thema Zirkus. Stündlich gibt es Zirkusaufführungen, überall dudelt es Musik und es laufen verkleidete Menschen durch das Hotel. Ich frage mich, wie man dort Arbeiten kann. Bekommen die Angestellten eine Geräuschzulage? Unzumutbar! In diesem Hotel gibt es auch den grössten Indoor Freizeitpark der Welt. Unter einer riesigen roten Kuppel befindet sich auf engstem Raum Fahrgeschäfte, Schiessbuden, Essensstände, eine Looping Achterbahn, eine Wildwasserbahn, ein Karussel und und und...und man kann sich auch hier vorstellen, welche Geräuschkulisse sich in dieser Kugel entwickelt! Wahnsinn! Video link: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YVI86Mx4Cnc
4_star Javier's restaurant has some of the best Mexican food the strip has to offer. The staff is extremely friendly, and will go out of their way to make your experience enjoyable!
5_star Love! Love! Love this place! The food is amazing, everything I've tried on the menu so far was absolutely delicious. The restaurant is warm and inviting and so are the servers. The plates are a great portion and price point is affordable. Must visit at least once!
5_star My favorite restaurant in Vegas so far, don't miss it! Always liked Japanese-Italian (a combination of two great cuisines), and this place was particularly good. We had the snow crab salad - a lot of real crab meat, the Linguini "Uni" Tomato Cream - so flavorful, even though sea urchin is heavy but the tomato cream balanced it out and made it amazing, "Kinoko" Creamy Meat Sauce ~Your choice of pasta - refreshing but with great balance of beef and tomato, Soymilk Panna Cotta w / Okinawan Black Sugar - the black sugar tasted AMAZING.
2_star The service is not bad but you need to make sure to repeat requests such as, can I have milk for my coffee, or they forget the first few times. The food is......... Ok. It's trying to be trendy and it's decor sort of does but the food does not. The ham off the bone is either delicious or seems almost raw. It's totally hit or miss. The eggs are ok. The pancakes steer clear of they are dryer then the desert we live in. It's not cheap so I can't play that up and I'm always shocked by how crowded it is. For the better option I'd head to Herb Box next door.
2_star I have been coming here for a few years now and the service has steadily gotten worst. One server, who has been there as long as I've been going, Jesse i think his name is, hit on me and my friend, asking if we wanted to hang out later, even asked for our phone number.... I go here to eat, not to get hit on and made to feel like I need to leave because of some thirsty boy. Last time I was there, the girl who served me was very nice but never came to check how the food was and she never refilled my drink. I love the food here but if this type of service continues I will definitely be looking for another place of business to support.
5_star My wife and I have heard about this place for a couple months, and finally got a chance to try it this week. It has lived up to the hype! The drinks were excellent (burnt orange manhattan, Warhol, and honey bourbon all were amazing), the staff was extremely friendly, food was delicious, and view was spectacular. I had the Salmon, and would definitely get it again. We had the charcuterie for an app, and it was a wonderful selection. In addition to our order, we were given free seasoned popcorn, a puff pastry, and a treat to take home at the end of the meal. My wife and I highly recommend Altius, definitely worth a trip when you're in town!
1_star I visited the Magic Noodle with my friend because of the high popularity of this restaurant among the Chinese community. However, I was very disappointed. Service Service was slow and impolite. We had to ask two times to get a menu. After we placed our order, we waited for almost one hour. I kept on thinking that it took that long because the noodles were hand-made and it was dinner time. Then I realized that the tables beside us were getting their food. After talking to the waitress, it turned out that they forgot to send our order to the kitchen...... No one apologized or anything. Food The noodles, honestly, was only average. The soup was very watery and the noddles were under-cooked. (Maybe they were trying to rush our order because they forgot about it, then undercooked the noodle). The tofu skewers were very tasty. We put down two orders but for some reason they only gave us one. Cleanliness I thought I'd comment on this. The place is quite small, but it didn't appear that clean. The floor and the table were very sticky and disgusting. In short There's nothing really special about this place. Not worth going / going back....
4_star Just found out about this place. Went for a Sunday brunch with a couple friends and a toddler. Good food, a bit limited breakfast selection, their on line menu had more options, but we had been waiting so long to just get our drink order we didn't waste more time asking questions. I had the red flannel hash, and it was a big portion and very tasty. Not greasy spoon style at all, which was nice. The place isn't very kid friendly, even though there were TONS of families there. No kid activities, no kid menus. This place seemed to be a popular breakfast spot so they should really address the common complaint of slow service but staffing more waiters or cooks to remedy the situation. We were seated a little after 11pm and did not receive our food until 5 after 12. Three breakfast plates should NOT take that long to make. So either go on less crowded days and times, or just don't show up hungry. But the generous ratio of champagne to OJ in their mimosas helps makes the time pass. :)
5_star Moved to Scottsdale recently and I have found a great place to eat and drink. The staff and owner always go out of their way to make me feel welcome. Highly recommend.
5_star This restaurant serves absolutely delicious food! I usually get the Chicken Fajitas and without a doubt is the best anywhere! Staff is very friendly, attentive, and accommodating. The salsa is "muy delicioso"! Even the decor is great! I would recommend this restaurant to anyone!
2_star Terrible and expensive Asian salad. Thrown together with awful ingredients! Will never order a salad again!
2_star The manager gave me attitude just for ordering a water with lemon and didnt acknowledge when i said thank you for serving me my drink. The waiter was sarcastic and snippy, though it may be because of his managers bad attitude. The food is amazing, as always. But who needs attitude first thing in the morning?
2_star Disappointing, we were there at 10pm on a Monday and the service was lousy. Ordered a beer got it in a decent amount of time but never saw the guy again. Another guy came up, asked him if I could get some of the fries and without even looking at me I got an "um sure ok" and he walked away. He came back 5 min later and asked what I wanted again. Beer went dry waiting for fries, no one asked if we wanted another one or anything for that matter. Finally got fries about 20 min later delivered by a third guy who was actually attentive and asked if we needed more drinks. Just lousy service -fries were good, sauces were great.
2_star I'm writing this as an update to my last review. Since my last update, they brought back karaoke and the drink specials, for which I am happy and grateful. They have also allowed smoking on the back patio again. The bar is still bland, however, and the only thing on the menu that excites me are the fish tacos. They are the bar tender's personal recipe (kudos to the owners for putting an employee's recipe on the menu) and fantastic. The wings are also rather good with fries but thats about it. This place still feels like its rolling further and further downhill and I can't help but to think the owners didn't know what they were doing when they bought it. I was there this past Sunday and spent the evening with a whole 6 people, 3 of which came with me and one I believe worked there but was off the clock. Rumor has it that this place won't survive a few more months and that saddens me but its not the same place it was as RTOs and probably shouldn't stick around. Hopefully whatever goes there next is more successful and better managed. PS.: Calling Restaurant Impossible like another person said is actually a good idea. Maybe try it.
4_star We came back 4 years later after enjoying the ambiance the first time. This time the service was quick and the food was good but we were unable to be seated outside and the ambiance was not as good. Overall still a good restaurant but outside seating is nicer.
4_star Great mexican joint. Been here a couples times and they always deliver the goods. Portions are huge , salsa bar has plenty of choice, food is tasty and fresh. Probably not what you would call an "authentic" Mexican restaurant (more of a TexMex feel) but I totally can live with that. One huge platter, a soft drink (or a beer) and a churro (microwaved, NOT GOOD) set me under 20$. Will have to taste the marguaritas next time.
5_star Garlic prawns...With shells that taste like Potato chips...what is not to like. Make reservations or get here early to assure quick service because your mouth will be watering.
2_star tried the asian dishes, the japanese noodle one has so much sodium! the thai style ones were bland tasting, the peanut sauce noodles was the best of the bunch. the chicken and steak had the texture of those frozen tv dinners (like swanson), but the price for what you get, given it's in prime real estate is ok. i'd prefer to spend my money on better food though.
5_star Fantastic Burger, amazing menu, friendly staff, quick service, I can't say more, I love this place it's a great burger, and they will do a Salt free paddy and fries if you ask.. which I love..I would recommend this place if your craving a delicious juicy burger.. it's worth the drive from any part of the city just to have one..
2_star First the good. The service was good, mostly attentive and caring. The bread was fabulous The bad. Too much of everything. Too much dressing on the salad even after sending it back. Too much salt in the red sauce. Too much money. $18 lasagna was overpriced. And what Italian restaurant has what we call "shaky cheese". Nothing seemed fresh and modern. This is Italian from 1970's Orillia.
2_star I have been here before during the weekday and week nights and usually have on par service. Tonight was otherwise. Coming on a Friday night dinner rush was an epic fail. We ordered several rounds of AYCE with food items and drinks being missed each time and having to reorder while the third order comes and the first isn't all there yet. Waiters and waitress just not refilling tea. Bummer. Not sure if I'll be back on the weekend. They definitely need more staff to adequately handle their dinner rush.
2_star The food was not worth the money, but the service was great! Chicken karage was too greasy, so we left almost all of them, the Waygu beef didn't taste like Waygu beef at all.. The only dishes that tasted fine were sashimi...
5_star Not often when I consider eating out 5 stars, but the flavors are great and not too greasy. The menu satisfied kids, grandma and the rest. That good for food and beverages. A brand new place in the mall isn't our style but good food is good food. Bonus is the place is a short walk to Metcalfe's grocery store - the best in Madison.
2_star I went 2 weeks ago on a Saturday; I've been to Sushi 168 'pre' and 'post' renovation, and over time the quality has substantially diminished. They've become busier, and as a result, they've stopped making (or giving off the appearance that their food is made) to order. I believe that's the biggest mistake a restaurant can make - feed more customers at the expense of quality and freshness. The food came out quickly...a little too quickly, suggesting that the restaurant simply wants to turn tables as quickly as possible. The hot foods came out cold, and did not look or taste fresh. They should hire more sushi chefs to do things right, and make food to order, rather than churn out a lot of rolls at once, that are left sitting there until they're ordered. It's backwards management and a symptom of greed in my opinion. You can find better elsewhere, unfortunately Mississauga doesn't have much, so this restaurant has succeeded in attracting customers for the time being. Go elsewhere...the service and quality will be a lot better. It's worth the drive to Toronto or further east for better quality AYCE.
1_star Terrible delivery time. I ordered at 6:36 and my food arrived at my house at 7:52. I live LESS THAN A MILE AWAY.
4_star Great place for lunch. Love the menu, memorabilia and especially the '50s jukebox tunes always playing.
2_star Horrible! We waited for over an hour for 3 gluten free fried rice dishes and one other dish. Finally had to ask to see the manager. He was stunned we were waiting. Many, many other tables had come and gone. Our waitress never once came to our table to talk about the wait. The manager then claimed it was because we had gluten free. We eat at PF Changs often. This was not a gluten free - takes an hour issue. It was a bad waitress and cook staff issue! Will not go back to this location ever!
5_star My first day in Toronto was pretty rough. I was travelling alone, the weather was crap and I'd spent most of my day lost. All I wanted was someplace comfortable and casual to thaw on a Sunday evening and boy, did I find it. A dozen oysters, a couple pints and a warm bowl of clam chowder later and I actually felt human again. The staff was extremely attentive and friendly and the food was excellent. Definitely plan on going back during my few weeks stay in Toronto.
5_star Ajo Al's is the best. The food is great every time, and the environment is super cozy. The staff is really friendly and the service is fast. Last week I picked up a catering order and they carried it out to my car for me, helped me load it, and were super friendly and nice during the whole process. When you stop in, I recommend the chicken tacos morongo and a margarita :)
5_star Same as other habanero's. Best damn quesadilla money can buy at a really affordable price.
1_star Not only was the service terrible, the food was utterly disappointing. When we entered the restaurant the hostess said no greeting and was rather stand-offish. For a restaurant that has over 100 tequilas it was disheartening when my mother's margarita arrived tasting like salty water. After looking over the limited menu, our waiter recited the specials while mispronouncing half of them and stumbling over the list. Our salads arrived on beautiful plates, but to our surprise, half, if not more of the leaves were brown and wilting. Hoping for more in our entrees, they arrived and were subpar at best. The tamales were extremely small portions for 18 dollars and drenched in barbecue sauce. My tacos were in cheap, flour tortillas you can buy a bag of for 3 dollars at Giant Eagle. After finishing our dinner, we sat with our half eaten plates in front of us for at least 20 minutes while our waiter walked by numerous times not once asking how everything was or if he could clear away our obviously finished plates. We dined outside which was a very nice setting, and when we looked inside we saw another table that had their dirty plates sitting in front of them for an extremely long time. Finally, once our waiter cleared away our plates, he brought the check placing it not in the center of our table, but directly to my father, and did not say one word. No thank you, have a good evening, etc. and to top it off stood behind my father waiting as my father looked in his wallet. Once my father placed his credit card with the bill, our waiter immediately took the bill, and again did not say anything. I could not imagine anything rudder our waiter could have done. The best part of this restaurant is looking at it. I do not recommend.
5_star Love this place! To be honest, usually pizza is not among the top options when I eat out with friends, but I'm glad we went to this place. Customized pizza, OMG, never thought about we could do this at CU, particularly after so many times of those regular pizzas. Also, I in general prefer thin crust, so this place is perfect for me. The only small problem I have with this place is because they have the oven out, so I think there was a bit of smoke, esp during the rush hour, which made my eyes somehow uncomfortable after seating inside for a while. So I may think about taking out next time.
2_star Had a great waitress and is not to blame for a poorly run restaurant. We've been here before and love the food. Food still good when you finally get it. When we entered restaurant we were told there would be a 15 minute wait. There were empty tables but they didn't have wait staff to service them. Our service was very slow and we got our entree before the salad. Granted there could be problems but why put it on the wait staff to explain everything. Where's the manager? Will not return. Lots of other options in Surprise now for Italian.
4_star So glad to finally see All Stars in Mississauga! No more late night treks back from Vaughan! Anywho! This was my first time to this location and I loved it! The set up is a little different inside the restaurant as opposed to the one in Vaughan; I didn't really mind it but I liked the booth set up more (mind you I only saw what was on my side of the restaurants lol). Also, if you're gonna be going with friends to watch a game, no one will complain of not being able to see the TV properly as you would hear at Boston Pizza or Wild Wings etc because there are literally TVs everywhere. I don't wanna exaggerate this....but there are TVs.....everywhere. Service was excellent. I kinda felt bad cause halfway through our visit, 3 waitresses got reduced to 1 and she ended up taking care of three big parties but she was awesome. When we got there we ordered an appetizer for everyone to share: the Greek Fries. Basically just fries with spices and ranch. Sounds pretty simple but it was delicious. They had a good selection of food but if you're gonna be heading to All Stars, you should be going for their wings. Be ready to choose from a selection of over 130 flavors, varying in their spicyness. The following wing flavors were ordered: This is Sparta!! (Weirdly enough, the first taste I each wing had a hint of watermelon....kinda weird but I didn't mind it; picture attached), Greek Texan (a personal favourite), Caeser Goes Texan (or something similar, this one was really good too but felt it was way too saucy and the ranch overpowered a bit), Pandora's Box (a variation of honey garlic, I didn't try this one but only heard good things), and finally, Desperado (I really liked this one and recommend it those who like it hotter than the rest!) All Stars is always a recommend. Wings galore!
4_star Great breakfast spot! Casual atmosphere and good food. Veggie Benny is YUM!
5_star Hipsters and cocktail aficionados rejoice! Madison has a cocktail lounge that puts the Marvel Bar to shame... or at least seriously green with envy. We arrived on a Saturday night around 6:00pm and the place was packed! We did not realize that it was restaurant week in Madison so a lot of the tables were reserved for people that were going to be taking advantage of that wonderful event. We were just there for the booze, plain and simple. The ambiance is very cool. Industrial chic - lots of concrete, glass, reclaimed wood and Edison bulbs. Lighting is dim, giving it a an intimate feel. If it was not SO crazy busy, it would be a really cool place to go on a date. I would say that they could benefit from some sound dampening. Maybe a rug or textile somewhere, because it can get awfully loud in there! I asked our mixologist for a whiskey sour (note - they're not bartenders. These people work magic with cocktail shakers and unique ingredients, they almost look like mad scientists or apothecaries with the amount of tiny glass bottles they work with) and it was absolutely the BEST whiskey sour I have ever had. It was done traditionally with the egg white foam - but I loved that there was a bit of orange essence and (I swear I could taste it) nutmeg or cinnamon? The prices are what you would expect at a higher end cocktail lounge - but given the quality, I would say you are getting away with a deal. The drinks are smooth and delicious with really nice top shelf alcohol. If you are looking for a place to broaden your boozy horizons, then you have found it here!
2_star I had such high hopes for this place, partly based on these reviews, that I brought my boyfriend here for his birthday. I wish I had made another choice. On the positive side, this is a beautiful building. Old, stately, lovely interior. However, upon entering we were basically thrust into a teeming crowd. Servers running every which way, a nearly deafening level of noise. . . I had my doubts right away. We started upstairs at the bar. Another red flag: not a single place to sit, a 20 minute wait for a drink, and one of the most poorly made vodka sodas I've ever had. A double tasted weaker than a regular single. Loud dance music blared, servers and patrons jostled each other. We couldn't hear to speak to each other. usually in such scenarios I would leave, but we were hungry and didn't feel like wandering the streets seeking sustenance. We were finally seated, not in the downstairs area that we had requested but in the upper dining room, where there was no respite from the cacaphony. Under the circumstances, the service was great. But it isn't, to me, a very pleasant dining experience when one's waiter appears exhausted and overworked. The people working here are doing their best, but since the management don't allow reservations on friday or saturdays (and it's obvious why: you can get many more people to come and wait for ages if you don't reserve seats), it really isn't possible for the staff to do much in the way of personalized service. The steak was decent. But the whole assembly-line, get everyone in and out as fast as possible atmosphere was stressful. We ate hurriedly and got out fast. Not what I had been hoping for in an expensive restaurant that tries to portray itself as 'upscale.' Perhaps it was simply a mistake to come on a friday night. I'm still willing to give this place a chance; perhaps stopping by the bar level on a monday night might be an idea.
4_star One night i was craving pizza "chicago style" and remembered driving by this pizza place and it had recently opened. There were quite a few cars there so i decided to stop and give it a try. It is very nicely decorated, staff greeted us right away. There are TV's in each booth so you feel like your at home. The Pizza was to die for, we absolutely loved it and it is now our weekly stop. You won't be disappointed!
1_star Not baby friendly anymore. Refused service for having an urban sized stroller due to "fire hazards" when the restaurant at 2:30 pm was almost empty.
4_star this is the best sushi i've had in calgary so far. i took a star off not for taste, but rather because it was pretty expensive. a lunch meal for two (including beers) came out to $110 CAN + tip. granted we were 2 big guys who ate way more than necessary, but still, i can't give this place a "perfect" rating unless everything is spot on. definitely a good place to go on a date. we showed up at 12.30pm on a weekday, and the place was packed. we had to wait for 15 minutes before we were seated. that's always a good sign. a few locals just ordered some of the food by phone and got it take - out. they got the delicious and fresh fish without waiting in the line. well played.
2_star Overrated and overly priced. The food was half decent and the customer service wasn't that great - had to ask for our water 3 times. Lobster and Dungeness crab was 3-4 times more expensive than a normal chinese restaurant - $65 per pound for lobster, I might as well eat at an actual 5 star restaurants in a 5 star casino. Don't come here unless you want to waste your money. If you're going to spend this much money, I recommend Blosom restaurant located inside the Aria Casino and Resort. My review might be harsh because I've had better food or the same food quality for a much lower price.
4_star Went here for the scallop sashimi. Most foods were really good, one of the best ayce I ever had.
1_star Less than impressed with their service. All staff are wondering around the back while all tables are up front on the sidewalk. Took forever to order. Don't bother with this restaurant!!!
5_star Returned to an old favorite rating place this evening. Very good food & friendly service!
5_star Elegant, delicious sushi! Feng LZ ROCKS! The fish is fresh and well proportioned to rice. Rice is moist and warm. Presentation is artful. Decor is refined and austere. Service is attentive and pleasant. I hope this restaurant doesn't change a bit, and thrives. It's a real gem. If you know authentic sushi, you won't be disappointed.
3_star I really enjoy the music here. By the time I get here I'm just ready to party and this place makes sure that happens. The DJ is great. He plays all the old school and new school.
3_star As promised, I tried the thin crust pizza. It was better than the Sicilian, but to be honest, I found the crust a little bland and tough. The pizza was ok.
1_star Used to be a great place and we used to go all the time. Also used to order carry out frequently but the last few times they always seem to screw something up. Tonight was the last straw. We ordered carry out because our electricity has been out for hours. (City-wide outage). Husband arrived in 20 minutes as instructed and had to sit and wait another 10 min as the hostess did other things, including tend bar. When he got home the food was STONE COLD. I'm not talking about cooled off a little on the drive home. We live less than a mile away. I'm talking COLD like it sat out on the counter for half an hour without heat lamps and the cheese had solidified again. And with no electricity, we can't even heat it up in the microwave. Plenty of other Mexican places around to try , I guess.
2_star This was my first visit for my husband and I. The decor was nice. We had a friendly waitress. She was very informative about the menu. We ordered the Calamari and poke for apps. The calamari was crispy and hot. The poke was good. For dinner I ordered the oyster po boy and it was too salty and the bread was a little too charred for my liking. My husband ordered the gumbo ramen and the flavors did not go well with his taste. For dessert we had the beignets, they were ok.
4_star Oh CCF how you pleasure my taste buds with your delicious vanilla bean cheesecake! A must. Ordered to go and was bomb!
1_star How does a place like this stay in business? I've been trying to visit this place since it opened, and gave up. I met the owner one morning while I was out doing laundry. They'd been setting up inside for weeks with a huge "COMING SOON" banner teasing for weeks, and I asked when they were opening. He replied "We opened yesterday, come on in sometime!" It was 8am, and I was soon off to work, so I decided to pop in on my way home. I passed by on my way home from work at 9:35pm, and the place was CLOSED! (despite the sign on the door saying they closed at 10pm) The following night, the same thing. Finally, I decided to stop in on a Sunday afternoon. The flyer, which had been distributed in the neighbourhood, stated they were open from 11am until 6pm. Stopped in at 4pm, and guess what? CLOSED!!! How in the hell does this guy plan on staying in business, if he's only going to be open when he feels like it, and doesn't stick to an advertised schedule? I've all but given up on this place. I'll take a drive to Memphis BBQ in Vaughan next time I'm in the mood for BBQ.
5_star Sparkly decor. Cheery atmosphere. Delicious bourbon cocktails - Bourbon Negroni y'all! Yummy snacks - I had the mushroom Tosta. The people serving, bartending and cooking did so with a perfect balance of friendliness and care. The music was fantastic and loud enough to enjoy but not so loud to hinder conversation. A perfect spot to warm up on an icy night. and enjoy the company of good friends Plus - the toilet floors are paved with pennies!
2_star Went tonight for a quick dinner which turned out to be over an hour. Nice decor, very clean but the very slow service (40min wait for our entrees) was way too long. Never saw the waitress again after we placed the order until it was time for the check. When the food arrived, it was only lukewarm and despite my attempt to flag down a waiter to refill our drinks, we were basically ignored. Can't see this place lasting any longer than the other places that have been it this location, will not return.
4_star Wasn't expecting anything spectacular here, but I was pleasantly surprised. It's a build your own roll place with pretty good quality. With the selections you can only produce the rolls you may find in a grocery store, but at a better price. Definitely a great quick meal place.
2_star Had the brisket sandwich. What can I say about it? Bleh. Never coming back here again. the brisket was so charred and dry I couldn't eat half the meat in the sandwich. And it was really greasy and salty. Usually I like the fat on brisket but this fat was just gross salty greasy and hard. The bun was good tho. That's the only think I actually liked. Very disappointing. The restaurant was hot and very dingy. The girls were nice. The bbq sauce isn't the best I had but it helped cover up the taste of the brisket.
5_star I can't say enough good things about this place. They catered to our staff luncheons (100+people), my wedding/ baby showers, also they deliver locally. Fresh salad, sandwiches, wraps and soup. Also they sell wonderful fruit smoothies and locally baked goods. We go to Salad Kraze every week since my two year old loves their salad and so do we!
5_star First time at this restaurant, and loved it! Under $30 for all you can eat sushi, appetizers and dessert. I was a big fan of the half orders so I wouldn't waste any of the food. Although I loved a majority of what I ordered I wouldn't get the spicy tuna.
1_star I realize that management is trying to keep the place as authentic as possible, there is a recurring theme in these reviews and eventually people will stop coming here, you have a great location and once upon a time an amazing restaurant. The service and attitude of ALL staff is shocking, from the minute you arrive you feel like you are inconveniencing them. You have a busy restauarant, if you do not have the kitchen capacity, do something about it, when you have a family with a baby, I would have preferred you told me to leave rather than seating me and making us wait for an hour for our food. And when it arrives you mess up the order and tell us that we can either eat what you put in front of us or wait another 20 minutes for the food we ordered. And to top it off the food was cold, meat overcooked...absolute garbage. Is there any management on staff? I never saw one and if there are they don't give a crap about their customers.
5_star I've been meaning to write a review for this place for awhile now.. I've probably been here about four times? HIGHLY recommend this place. I feel like a lot of places in Vegas are overrated and overly-pretentious... but not this place! Best of all, I feel like it's the best bang for your buck! The service here is FANTASTIC. I've never been disappointed with anyone.. starting with the hostess, to the waiter/waitresses. Everyone is super friendly and very attentive! You can't make a reservation to sit in the patio, but this last time around, we came here at 6:30pm (for party of 2) with a normal reservation. We just ended up waiting 15 minutes to sit at the patio (they do not take reservations for the patio) so that we can watch the Bellagio fountain show! Sitting in the patio can be quite romantic and cute! :) I've gotten the steak here a bunch of times which is always good. This last time around, had the seafood platter for two (lobster, shrimp, oysters, tuna tartar).. especially on a hot day, I'd highly recommend it! The tuna tartar was VERY good. The only thing I did not like food-wise from my experience so far.. was their chilled soup of the day. I forget exactly what it's called, but something with almonds and grapes? NOT good. For the appetizer - I've also had the chilled gazpacho with avocado.. THAT was delicious! (and good during the summer time) Overall - I'd highly recommend! Great food, great service.. and won't burn a hole in your wallet ;)
3_star I just got back from Japan, and I can say confidently they have nothing to worry about from kinton. I got the miso ramen and the broth was overly thick without the redeeming richness which one would expect from such a broth. The price was probably 2-3$ too much for what you got (10.99 base price for any ramen).
2_star I have been to the compound grill on two occasions. Both times I was disappointed with the food. The service was fine, and the drinks were great. I can put it to you this way. I have four or five free app coupons in my purse, and I haven't bothered to use them. One dish, in particular, has kept me away from there - the bean dip, which I no longer see on the menu was truly awful. I would go there and meet up for drinks, but I wouldn't bother to eat there, even for free.
2_star worst HK cha can ting i've ever been too. seriously! ok, i just added one more star to my rating, not trying to be a b**** here... decor - whatever, it's a HK food place in chinatown! it explains everything server - pretty she was angry at us for no reason food - ordered HK style milk tea (3/5), duck noodle (2/5), fish ball noodle (0/5), and a beef dish (3/5). will prob never go there again, unless i'm about to die of hunger in chinatown and there's nothing else.
1_star Tostitos salsa was very cold and it was kind of slow to be Saturday. No alcohol, too much light and not that good customer service.
4_star As an out of towner, this restaurant is one of my favorites to frequent when in Vegas (and on the corporate card!). The room is very elegant with windows looking onto the water outside the hotel. The food is painfully good with a tremendous wine selection. That being said, it is very expensive. But worth the trip if you are celebrating or entertaining.
1_star Have dined at Babbo's several times and generally had good food and experiences. Last time was NOT SO GOOD as i developed food poisoning later that night and one of the worst experiences i had. Decided to share with the manager 3 days later AND again had a poor experience. My intent was to share AND let her know there was a problem BUT it felt like I was bothering her. Too bad as we like going but no longer feel comfortable with management and desire to take care of customers....
3_star Are you a poor and hungry individual who is looking to fill their stomach? Well look no further than this pizza shop. This establishments definitely caters towards quantity over quality. Prices are extremely cheap, however the quality of the food you will receive remains much to want.
2_star Food was good, music very loud and the service nonexistent. Once our entrees arrived the server never came to our table to ensure our orders were correct or inquire if we needed anything. Our lunch was about 70% complete when she finally appeared at our table reeking of cigarette smoke and inquired if my husband would like another glass of wine. She ignored the fact my drink was completely empty and turned to leave. We had to stop her and request a refill of my Diet Coke. Maybe less time smoking and more attention to your customers and there would be four stars!
3_star We have Brussels sprout tempura, gyoza and ramen. The gyoza were fine- nothing out of be ordinary. It was great to see the Brussels sprout tempura which was quite tasty. I had the vegetable ramen which had surprisingly great flavored broth given it was not the usual pork broth. Other table members had pork based broth which they said was good but missing the complexity of other ramen shops in the city. The toppings on top are basic. A good meal that we would go back for if in the area with a craving for ramen. Otherwise we will probably make the drive to some of the other spots in town
3_star I met family here for brunch on the weekend. I had the baked french toast - it was delicious! The place is very quaint - definitely feels like you are in Paris! I would describe this place as a definite A-OK. I wouldn't give it any higher due to my personal tastes. My issues are that it's cash only, very busy and very loud.
4_star Alright, finally ate here. I had the carne asada burrito, with green rice, black beans, salsa, guacamole, lettuce....and I think that's it. It was quite good. What I liked about it, is that it was all very light and fresh and not greasy and gross. I liked the salsa and even the chips quite a bit too. My aunt just had one taco, which was actually rather substantial. The cousin had the two tacos, which he took down like he hadn't eaten in a week. Their food is tasty, fresh and of decent quality. You get a choice of either green rice or the typical red rice. The people there are very very nice, and the owner was there, eating some menudo as she fiddled on her laptop. All in all, pretty tasty and very very inexpensive.
3_star I'd guess we've been here 6 times in 4 years, and I don't think there's going to be a 7th. Basically it's flip a coin as to if your meal is going to be really good, or really bad. One night the steaks are perfect and are flavorful, the next time they couldn't be cooked worse and they look like really bad cuts of meat to begin with. Another time one of our steaks were good and they burned my wife's beyond recognition. When she got her new one we weren't sure if they had actually put it on the grill it was so raw. It doesn't seem to matter what night it is or what server we have. It's totally random. They also changed their menu and upped their prices a year or two ago so that was the last straw. Go there is you wish, you may get a great meal, but you also may get a lousy one. We're done guessing which it will be.
5_star One of the best all you can eat sushi spot. A lot of different variety on top of the sushi such as skewer, sashimi and cooked food. They also have yellow tail collar that's not in the menu so make sure to ask your server.
3_star Pas cher du tout. Bon rapport qualité prix. Le poulet est un peu trop gras vs piri piri
2_star For the record - I don't eat raw fish, or most sushi. So I am not judging this place for its sushi quality. Maybe it's really the best in Cleveland. They certainly have a vast array of choices, which is nice. Especially for veggies - they have more than one obligatory "veggie" roll. I find that refreshing. And actually I have no complaints with the veggie rolls, they are solid. However, I do have complaints with: 1. The smell. This place reeks of seafood. And since I'm pretty sure seafood shouldn't reek if it's fresh, I don't understand how their raw sushi could be so good. Either way, the odor makes dining there unpleasant. 2. The decor. It's tacky. Maybe some people find that charming. I find it tacky. 3. The tempura. Again, I love that you get so many a la carte options. Build your own tempura dinner. But the batter to subject ratio is way off; you just end up eating copious amount of breading. And the flavor is completely lacking. No salt even, just plain bread. The pieces are massive and difficult to maneuver. The sauce is also bland, not even salty. 4. The service. This is why I'm yelping now. We went there recently on a weeknight. It was 9:35pm. Most other eating establishments in Coventry were already closed, which I found shocking and sad. It was only 9:35pm! Pacific East is open until 10pm, according to the sign, so we were relieved. When we were seated, we were informed immediately that they closed at 10, and that the last call for food was 9:45pm. We said fine, no worries. Because the menu is massive, we needed a few minutes to peruse. In the course of the next 5 minutes, the servers came over literally four times to see if we were ready. Despite the fact that we were poring over the menu, and could easily have looked up as soon as we were ready. Then, our food was served all at once, and a check immediately placed on the table. They also started collecting items (like the soy sauce bottle) OFF the table. While we were eating. Then they came over asking us to pay the bill, even though we were still eating, because the cash register allegedly got turned off at 9:50. As if it was not within their control. The magical cash register gods just turn it off. So we scarfed down our food, paid, and got the hell out of there. It was extremely unpleasant. These folks seem to think that being open until 10:00pm means having every single patron out of the restaurant by then. When it reality it usually means you serve food until then. Again, not hating on this place for cheap sushi, and a way to please different levels of sushi and non-sushi lovers. But I feel no need to return.
1_star First let me say that I used to absolutely love this restaurant. The rolls were awesome and so we're the dishes I've tried (curry, lo mein, soups, fried rice, tofu,etc). My liking for this place changed after I found the tail of a bug in my takeout food!!!! The manager said an exterminator came out and the only thing he can conclude is that the bugs came out to breathe bc they were suffocating from the fumes....wtf?!?! He only offered to buy me another meal as of I'd step foot in there again. I demanded they put the money back on my card which he said he'd look into but never did. Poor customer service and disgusting establishment.
1_star So they have a catch the lobster machine and you pay money for it. Second time I caught a big one and when it went to drop it, the machine pulled up and put it back in the water. The claw doesn't open to drop it. Bartender said it happens all the time but it doesn't get fix. So you don't get your money back or the lobster and there is no sign to say it's out of order. Bartenders were nice and said you play at your own risk
2_star So disappointed not because of the food mattar of a fact the food was great, but because of the poor treatment that we received from the manager. To my knowledge dogs are not allowed in restaurant unless is stated some where on there wall/door/ window, we were subjected to witness dog pissing next to our table while our food being served sat through the smell, and we mentioned that to the manager she said I can move you!!!! Really???? There was 9 of us the food is in front of us we were her first!!!! No apology nothing. I'm surprised and I had never experienced such a poor treatment from restaurant manager. Crave you disappointed me, never again .
3_star My friend and I ate here on vacation, and we were largely unimpressed. Our server was abrupt and unfriendly. I got a beef burrito but was surprised when it came out with no sauce on top (it was just a simple tortilla with beef and beans in it). It would have been very plain had I not poured some of the chip salsa on top. My friend got a shrimp dish which he thought was decent.
3_star Really nothing to write home about. I had a burrito with shredded beef, beans, and cheese and it came out to $8.30. No drink. Pretty pricey for something so basic. Like I said taste wasn't anything special. The place was nice for taking place in the middle of the hood. I thought mi abuela was going take my order. Hence 3 stars instead of 2.
4_star Ate here once when I visited Cleveland. Casual, fast-food type of place, good Greek food, large portions! Nice to have fast-food options other than the usual McDonalds/Taco Bell/Wendy's type of stuff. Recommend this place!
5_star Great place. I always ordered the veal, which I love, but tried the steak the other day. Amazing sandwich. For $20 for 2 for lunch it's a great deal, and you won't need a big dinner it's so filling. Thanks Vinny
3_star Forty dollars per person is pretty high for a Buffett. This is just an average Buffett. I had the salad which tasted like it came out of a bag. It was ok. We were there for Sunday brunch and had the orange juice-I was expecting fresh squeezed but it was not even something I wanted to drink, tasted like it came from a powder mix. The French toast was very good but my coffee was bland and watery. The croissants were excellent. The freshly chopped up fruit is nice too but all in all a pricy Buffett for the overall quality of the food.
5_star My son told me about this place. Said the the food was excellent and the tacos were a WOW!!. We were out together and decided to have lunch there and to our surprise they are closed on Weds. A few weeks later I was in the area stopped in to have lunch. The tacos were amazing and everything else that came with the meal. I stopped in again yesterday and the food was great.. It's worth the drive and you will NOT be disappointed and the prices are good. I don't write a lot of reviews, but the time to do this is well worth it. Try it once, you will come back for more. Roger
3_star This place can get a little hectic, if your not ready to hustle and buslte. But when considering the food alone its great. I have only had their breakfast, and both times it has been good. My friend had a Salmon and Egg salad (don't remember the name,m sorry!) and that was pretty good. All in all, i do not expect to go to a diner and have a Wolfgang Puck meal, it was just enough. The decor kind of makes the place set apart form other diners but the food is all in all pretty good. i'll return for a coffee thou, oh and their muffins are great too!
2_star The food is still very good - as described by others - but something has happened in the year or so we've been coming here.....the one sister who is left keeps losing staff, and each time we go, the service is worse.....totally disorganized, you have to ask repeatedly for everything - to order, for utensils, for sauce, for water, for the check! It makes me sad to have to say it -but good food or not, it's getting awfully frustrating to go here!
3_star Typical bar food on the menu but the food was good. We had the wedge salads and the spinach and artichoke dip. The dip was very good for a pub- above my expectations. The wedge salad was good but not great.
2_star its ok. but costly. no whole wheat crust pizza pit better all rnd. glass nickle better too. pm
3_star Tried Kamayan with my family and it was an "A-OK" experience. Different from my 1st dine-in experience, I'm giving this place a 3-star rating for the following reasons: * Service was pretty slow - Food wasn't served until about 1 hr after our reservations; Servers were too busy with other tables to mind our big group * Food quality/taste was decent but the quantity of certain items (i.e., Kare Kare) served for Kamayan was too little for the price charged per person ($26) * Desserts were not at the same quality as the individually-priced desserts - you can tell they "cheaped" out on the portions by not putting as much of the key ingredients (i.e., buko pandan didn't have enough jelly and coconut -- 90% liquid) Overall, Kamayan was a nice experience to share with family but not something I would do again. It's over-priced.
5_star I am here for a week for work and I have to eat out alot - this place has awesome service, prices, and food. I don't want to spend $13 a day on breakfast for 5 days straight (I like a hearty first meal) so this is perfect. Breakfast is my fave so far and free coffee with an order.
3_star One of those places where myth is better than reality. Not a real hard place to find, not a hideway nor a secret place. Located on 3rd floor and you'll see a large black door with a hallway when you get off the escalator. Opens at 11:00 am. if you go before, you'll miss it for sure since they close the large door. It's definitely a good pizza but definitely not the best. Probably best you can get around the area but you can get so much better even in LA. $5.00 a piece but ridiculous $3.25 for a drink. Go to 2nd floor store right below and get a soda. we tried mushroom pizza and white pizza.
2_star I'm a regular customer who comes to this location maybe twice or three times a week for happy hour and lunch. Employees there recognize me and they are always polite and friendly. But recently they hired a new employee, and thereafter received one of the worst customer services I've ever experience. She gave me attitude for her forgetting to unmute her Mic, and proceed to rush my order. I specifically requested no condiments on my order and she placed them on the screen. But there they were, unable to eat what I ordered due to allergic reaction's. I'd forgive any of that due to accident or having a bad day.. but at the drive-through window during payment it took them seven minutes to get my card back. It wasn't even the lady who took my order who gave me my food! She got another person and left halfway through the transaction! 3:15pm, 9/17/2017. I will no longer be coming to this location until there service improves.
5_star Over the past few weeks Becketts Table came up in conversations with friends and clients. I had to try it. Date night with my wife. We started with the Grilled Cheese Sandwich with Tomato/ Red Pepper soup.It was as good as people told me it was. My wife had the OsoBuco. It was so tender and flavorful. I had the Sheperds Pie. The beef melted in my mouth while the mashed potatos gave me comfort. We finished with the Bacon Smor's with a nice Tani Port. Great combo. The entire staff was very friendly and helpful especially Our waiter. On our way out we spoke to Chef Justin Beckett. He was not only talented but a very nice host.
3_star This was ok. Not great but not horrible either. The sushi is good for a sushi fix, but I don't think it's as fresh as Saga normally is. The service was bad. I'm sure it was our section or something. But two tables that were seated after us were served before us. We're not that picky so it didn't bother us too bad, but it was at least 10 minutes before we got drinks. Other than that, if you're looking for a chain sushi place to get some ok food that will hold you over then this is good for that.
2_star Don't order Tung yum Kung soup (very bad)! Curry chicken (chicken seem over a months),they say ??? is the best in Toronto but nothing special.steam fish cake was cold and reheat at microwave in mins! Over all I won't come again!
3_star Wasnt expecting much but the husband wanted to come dine in before leaving the Queen city. We ordered only small apps to kill time. We tried the soup, chorizo stuffed dates, and Charlotte nachos. The soup I believe how the server described it "beef and bone marrow wonton soup"?????? I was like WTF.. Whatever it was.......... IT. WAS. DELICIOUS. SO RICH AND STRONG. best wonton soup I've ever had. Surprisingly too. The dates and nachos were great as well. My only concern is the noise level. I think they need a wall barrier from the bar to the dining room. My husband and I just wanted a nice, quiet, meal but that wasn't going to happen. Please do something about the noisy bar, unless you don't care about my review and the rest of the 100 + people who have said the same thing on here .
3_star I've been here twice for their dinner buffet. First time they had their steak/chicken/lamb kabobs which was delicious along with their fresh/warm naan bread + hummus. Their chicken kabobs were slighly burnt but I went back for seconds for their steak and lamb. Was a little dissapointed that the second time I went they had only carved versions of lamb. Other notables was their buffalo shrimp/chicken, pretzel rolls and their peanut butter filled cupcakes. They also have little trays like Caesar's for their fried chicken & biscuit, chili, and meatball/breadstick. Decent price for their dinner buffet, try to snag the $5 coupon off the internet while it's still going on!
2_star There is nothing more disappointing than going to a restaurant you were dying try and having it not live up to expectations. The macaroni and cheese was basically a soup of kraft dinner style white cheese and panko bits. The ribs and chicken were dry. The good parts? Fries, decent sauces and comfortable seating.
3_star We went to ShinBay for our anniversary dinner. It was good food, but we've definitely had better Japanese food for half the price. We went for the $125 tasting menu, and the best course was the dessert. Hubby and I enjoyed Roka Akor much more. I have to say the service was excellent though!
3_star I only ordered fried rice here, so I'm not going to be the best judge of their food quality, but the rice was great! There was a hint of spicy pepper, and the meat had been marinated correctly before it was fried. Altogether some of the most thought-through fried rice I've had. I don't think Americans typically understand that an Asian meal consists of multiple courses, and that it is quite difficult to make right, so people don't give them enough credit for it when they do it. I would say that if the quality of food remained constant post-fried rice, this place woud have some very good food. I'll let you know if I ever dare try again. Beyond the kitchen this restaurant is a bore. Cheap looking decorations, out-of-place furniture, and hard to understand servers (I was served by some delivery boy from the heart of Western PA, and I still couldn't understand him) made my experience less pleasurable. Also... 7 dollars for fried rice?! I could make it for four. At least they have big servings...
2_star It was horrible, the soup tasted like it came from a can. You can tell it's frozen food. The prices are good but you get what you pay for. I gave it 2 stars only because the staff was outstanding. Think I'll pass on this place in the future.
5_star This is the best tropical smoothie in Las Vegas! I've been quite of an addict when it comes to tropical smoothie lately. But without a doubt, best location in town! As I mentioned before, this one is open 24 hours a day. I had removed a point for how efficient they had been in the drive thru a couple of times. But looks like they are under new management and have also hired some new employees that have stepped up their game. Great service! Keep up the awesome work and keep the delicious smoothies coming.
4_star There are days where I crave Peppi's. On the same day that Pittsburgh came out as one of the 17 best foodie cities in the country, I'm at Peppi's. And I am ok with that.
2_star We went here for dinner. The good: Bruschetta - super yummy Great beer selection The awesome: The patio is by far one of the best in Toronto. The bad: My burger wasn't cooked as ordered and they charge extra for lettuce, tomatoes, pickles. Sweet potato fries were soggy and disgusting Service was slow and our waitress never asked how things were. I won't rush back.
2_star Well, I am a really into Latin food. I am struggling to find it in Pittsburgh. Empanada with feta and spinach seemed a lot more like Greek than Peruvian and lost much of its allure when our server microwaved it in front of us. Everything was okay, but just not what I had hoped for. The menu was weak, and not very authentic... for example: items such as this sandwich (see below) don't rope you in when you're looking for something bold and... um... Peruvian... VEGETARIANO $7.95 Lettuce, tomato, sweet potato chips, Swiss cheese, onion salsa & aji mayonnaise served on french bread with a side of sweet potato chips Bring on the yuca, humitas, ceviche, teqtes, y sopa verde!! Pittsburgh folks may just love experimenting! La Feria seems well positioned to start a quinoa craze or simply add a little variety to local offerings, I hope they step it up.
1_star Food was okay but over priced. The waiter was lousy and only checked on us one time and that was when we were all finished. He didn't give/take our plates or ask us for refills. When the bill came around he was there immediately to collect tip and got upset because he felt we didn't give him enough money. He even said" Wow" behind me as I was walking out. He was a tall guy with blond hair and glasses. Be prepared to be disrespected when you walk into this place. Last time we will go and I'll make sure to tell my story wherever I go. If you are looking for authentic Mexican food head over to "Javier's Authentic Mexican Cuisine" inside the Aria. You won't get attitude from frustrated dudes who hate their job. Rather, you get great homegrown Mexican service that you can feel good about paying for.
3_star Got the carne asada burrito combo and a chile relleno. The meat was very good, well seasoned and perfectly cooked for the burrito, only one problem, thats all that was on it. No pico or anything, not even a sprig if cilantro. There weren't even the customary little salsa cups in the bag. The rice and beans were sad with no flavor or anything that would make them stand out. That being said the relleno was ok(doesn't look like the on line photo), not too greasy like most places. Just remember you have to ask for anything besides the tortilla and meat. I really hope this place improves as I can see the potential and need for a good mexican place in our little area.
2_star snobby hostess and waitresses. service was bad. Lobster tail caesar was actually worth it maybe just for once. Don't expect any good service.
3_star The oil we were given was rancid. The staff on duty that night gave us newer, fresher oil but didn't really seem that sorry about it. The food that night was kind of blah, except for the brie. Was so disappointed because I loved everything the last visit!
4_star This place is legit! You can easily miss this place while zooming down Macleod trail so keep your eyes peeled. Decor, it's an authentic Vietnamese restaurant don't be expecting a fancy inside. It's not what these places are about! It's clean enough. Service, was greeted right away and got a table with out a wait. Server was fluent in English which made me concerned what the food was gonna be like. Ya I know the server isn't the cook. Anyways over heard her speak viet afterwards so worries subsided. Overall service was ok. Food, we ordered XL pho dac biet which is the pho special. The bowl was large and the soup very flavourful. They don't advertise that it's msg free and I can't be 100% sure but it did pass the test and wasnt uber thirsty after and no head ache the next morning. Thumbs up! Other half got the lemon grass chicken sate with spring roll and commented it was one of the best chicken rice dishes he's had in a while. It was spicy and you could actually taste the lemon grass. Price, XL pho $10 something and the chicken dish was over $13. I think this is a little high but I guess based on its location and not having to go all the way to Forrest lawn makes up for it.
4_star I've been here on a few occasions and this is a solid joint to get some stir fry! I usually opt for the make-your-own stir fry or the occasional pad thai dish. The sauces they use for their stir fry are delicious and the vegetables they provide are fresh and crisp. The portions are large and it's hard to go wrong. As for the pad thai they serve here, I have mixed reviews. The first time I ordered it it was bland and didn't satiate my craving for savory pad thai, granted this isn't a Thai place, but still. Then I ordered it again, but this time asked for EXTRA SPICE. It was a success! Much better than the first experience. Still not the best place for a pad thai lover but good if you're in need of a quick fix. The only negative I have about this place is the service. Every time I came in I was never greeted with friendly smiles, or enthusiastic hellos. I like to be somewhat acknowledged somewhere when I come in often. The waitresses almost make me feel like they want me to leave. Besides that though, good food!
5_star You know, this place really sticks out among Mexican restaurants. For one, the food is fresh, and entirely handmade. Second, it is tasty! Their salsas and sauces are fantastically spicy and smoky. Not many of their dishes are vegetarian friendly as written, but they made the special point of telling us that they would do as much as possible to accommodate us, and essentially made us entirely new dishes. Definitely recommend!
2_star Come here to try the ramen. Ramen are good but service is not that great. Maybe if the server is more nicer I'll come back
5_star Had a party of 30 on 6/27 and they were able to accommodate us as a normal reservation. Drinks and food were great! I had a bahama mama drink and was so tasty. Ordered the calypso pasta with shrimp and it was the best tasting shrimp pasta I've ever had even my 3 year old chowed it down. Thank you for your great hospitality and service.
1_star I have never had such awful service. Our original server rolled her eyes when more of our party showed up and gave our table away. It took the new server 15 minutes to get our drink order. At that time we made our food order too because we were starving and ready. It then took getting a manager to get our waters. When we asked the manager about our food, saying it's taken a while he questioned us what a while was, "10 minutes? What do you mean a while?". 40 minutes Fool! Our food took another 40 minutes and was cold and they forgot half the order. My burrito bowl was probably the grossest thing I've had in my mouth in a long time. Not once did our server apologize or give us a timeline. Luckily, he took care of my bill. But when he brought my card back, which they required to hold on to in order for us to even order (who does that?), he had charged me $14 for two margaritas I did not have. This place is a failure at everything they do. I absolutely can't stand places where the attitude of the staff is of total arrogance and entitlement. I was treated as if I was lucky to even be here. The worst!
1_star The food was so bland. My wife got shrimp fried rice and I've had better at the food court in the mall. And I had a seafood soup that lacked a lot of seafood... both of our shrimps in our meals were dehydrated flavorless not fresh shrimp ...we will not eat there again .. not sure what all the stars were about
4_star This place is a lot of fun and inexpensive for sushi. The sushi tastes like it is pretty good quality, but isn't the best. I really enjoy the conveyor belt aspect and inexpensiveness because it allows me to try things I wouldn't normally order at a sushi restaurant. Everything is $2 or less so if you don't like it it isn't a concern. You can also order anything on the menu that you don't see and it will be on the same colored plates and cost the same as everything on the conveyor belt. I really have enjoyed my experiences here.
2_star Well we just went back to the new Rancho Relaxo. The place is so different from the old, even the staff. The food was ok, smaller sizes and little more cost. The vibe from the old is gone, and I think so are we. Just not a place for us.
1_star Okay, for starters I myself am Mexican and I cannot stress this enough. This is NOT Mexican food. It was so bad. The food was overpriced, everything was bombarded with onions and bell peppers. The service was super bad, took my mom 15 minutes to get a margarita and that was because she called a waitress and asked about it. There were about 4 other parties there, so I do not know what could take so long. The band that played tonight was BAD. I'm all for giving local bands a chance but this band just seemed like a bunch of 30 year old hipsters that needed to prove they could still be in a band. I don't like trashing places but this place was just not a good experience. their water was probably the best thing there. oh, and parking is expensive too, so good luck if you decide to come here.
4_star Our latest visit to The Barrio was to their new location in Lakewood. Dare I say, it is even cooler than the Tremont restaurant, or at least larger and much easier to get seated. The decor is very fun with Day of the Dead murals on all walls, a bicycling skeleton suspended above head, festive lights, and a unique chandelier made out of liquor bottles. The menu is the same with build-your-own custom tacos, which were delicious, although we agreed they were a little spicier than Tremont's version. Then again, one person at our table ordered the Ghost-Pepper sauce, so... caliente doesn't cover it. First he began turning red and sweating, and finally admitted he was on fire. Anyway, a great addition to Lakewood, the Barrio delivers a cool and interesting twist on the taco experience.
4_star A great go-to option when in Scottsdale, if you want Italian. Everything on the menu is fresh and, as much as possible, local. I travel solo all of the time and I prefer Kimpton Hotels because they tend to have REAL restaurants in them, not hotel restaurants. The ambiance is great and everyone is friendly (esp when you stay here in summer and the place is empty). But let's talk about the food...... On my first visit here a few months ago, I had the margherita pizza and the rucola salad. Either I was starving or it really was the best pizza I'd had in a long time. On my second trip here, I got the butternut squash ravioli in brown butter with fried sage - melt in your mouth pasta. It's made in house and it puts all dried pasta in my cupboard to shame. This trip, I ate at Taggia twice because I am just too damn lazy to look for other places to eat when I have this place just across the pool. I returned to the margherita pizza again after starting with the asparagi antipasti. Both were delightful, but I wasn't the biggest fan of the trevigiana cheese in the asparagi dish, so now I know. The pizza wasn't quite as insanely delicious as it was the first time, but I still really enjoyed it. Great crust and great sauce. In the spirit of being repetitive, I ordered the butternut squash ravioli again and started with the two gazpachos - on one side of the bowl, a summer melon gazpacho, and the other side, a tomato gazpacho. Both were fully pureed (no chunks of anything) and good; however, there was too much sugar in both. Still, I cleaned my plate, because under the sugar (or was it too much salt? something was too much) the fresh flavors popped. I'll be back. In like 2 weeks. I promise to try something different!
4_star The taco flight of 5 smaller tacos for $12 is a great deal. I immensely enjoyed the fried avocado (Monday's taco). The tinga pollo was very good. Pastor was good. Bacon was very salty. Camaron was a little disappointing. They tend to be pretty salty which I found a little distracting. Good vibes, reasonable prices. The cheesy burrito looked so good. I had dinner envy the entire night.
4_star This place is so classy!! It's like old Vegas with all the modern flare! Try the lobster!!! You can see what your about to eat right when you walk in the front door!!!
4_star Great food, fast and friendly service! Very affordable too. I had the potato pancakes stuffed with bacon and cheese and I side of biscuits and gravy. Very good!!
2_star My wife and I dined at the Carlton the evening before Valentine's Day during a getaway weekend in Pittsburgh. It was fair but certainly nothing to write home about, in our opinion. The pricing and overall Yelp rating had our hopes higher, so we were moderately disappointed. I enjoyed the throwback feel of the place, and we did not tap into the extensive wine selection they offered. While our experience was decent, I will look for other options whenever we return to town.
4_star Good location, good waitstaff, good mixture on foods. Scotch list was outstanding. I've only seen one like this somewhere in Ashville, NC. Although the shipwrecked burger just didn't come out to my taste (wasn't bad, just wasn't for me), the aioli truffle wings were outstanding. Good place to pregame before a pirates game.
1_star I hate to do this....because I used to LOVE Tuck. I live in the neighborhood, probably went once a month, and always brought guests from out of town. But tonight marks the third time I've been since the change in owners. And, really, it doesn't have a whole lot to do with food (though it's not quite the same and I miss Johns tonic). But the customer device is awful. It feels like we are intruding when we walk in...that's the greeting and the tone. And that's weird, cause it's always been such a great neighborhood place. And really sad, because I've lost my favorite place in Phoenix.
1_star Worst Chick-fil-A I've n the area. I went to this location because they are usually on point and super friendly! I went to the drive thru today since it did not appear to be super busy. I had to repeat myself 3 times. That should have been my first clue that something was off. I get the same thing every time I go her and it has never been an issue. When I get to the window. Some guy with a man bun yells I'll be with you in a minute. Not friendly at all. No eye contact... after he distributed a few orders he finishes up to help me. Dude seems like he is already grumpy... than I watch him reach into a cooler and grab a container. Not at all where my order usually comes from. I asked for a chicken wrap with spicy chicken. Again, this has never been an issue at any location including this one. He than rolls his eyes at me and goes to the back. He returns to inform me that "it is not their policy to put anything into the food, only to take it out." Why, when I placed my order was I not informed of this??? If I had been mentioned something to I would have ordered something different. I was handed my bag and he proceeded to start to walk away. Basically, he didn't care. I still said thank you. And I did not get a "my pleasure"!!! No napkins in the bag.... I will not go back here!!!! You shouldn't either.
1_star The food was disgusting! I ordered food & they left food out of my order & the lady I talked to did everything short of calling me a liar. The service is the worst I have ever seen. My food was cold, they did not give me everything I ordered, & the lady who I spoke with is the only reason I will never, ever eat there again. Take my advice.... go somewhere else.
1_star One of the worst pho i ever eaten.. And its twice as expensive. Anyone wants pho, go six min to the one up the street. Cheaper and way more flavorful!
3_star I was back at Aji Sai Plus Resto Lounge to try their AYCE. Although I still stand by what I previously wrote about their oyster and regular menu, I felt compelled to write another review about their AYCE exclusively. For $12.99 (weekend lunch), not only was I impressed with their selection, but also impressed by their presentation and food taste. Compared to other AYCE in Toronto, including other Aji Sai locations, the food is definitely superior here: no sloppy business here. Among all the great things here, their fire kamakachi with banana as well as their long list of dessert menu really stood out. The service was extremely slow, and a lot of items we wanted had to be ordered multiple times since they kept being forgotten. The staff weren't very familiar with the food items on the menu and what was being served. We ended up ordering stuff we didn't want, and were served false items. All of this led to a very long lunch session... and because of this, we weren't able to order all the dessert we wanted - it was past their last call, and also by then, a lot of them weren't available.
4_star Solid 4. Typically, there is not much on this planet that excites me more than fresh, local, organic ingredients on a sandwich, but when I can have that and a salad bar I am a happy little tree-hugger. Jason's is an all-time favorite sandwich place of mine and of my fellow vegan foodie. The portabello wrappini (hold the cheese, please) and the salad bar with their black currant tea are the keys to the good life for lunch and a mid-afternoon craving for a friggin' good sandwich. (And of course, the occasional slide on the vegan diet for a much needed fill of cheese that can only be satisfied by their french onion or tomato basil soup- yummo). A few bummers- the lack of veggie sandwich options ( I think there are only 3 or 4), which is why I pretty much order the same thing every time. But having this in mind, I haven't been displeased going there for my mushroom wrappini. This is a good place to take anyone because they have stuff that everyone likes (even pasta for those who don't want a sandwich- in which case you should rush them to the nearest hospital because something ain't right- who goes to a damn deli and doesn't get a sandwich?). cheers and happy sandwiching, the vegan foodies (written by Tara, the Karim in Karimaford- admittedly high strung half of the vegan.foodie.team )
1_star We came in on a busy Friday night. The meat quality was mediocre and the servers were below average. However, I would forgive those qualities, but at the end of the meal the owner came up to the table and attempted to kick us out because other customers were waiting. He then proceeded to take one of our chairs as soon as we stood to give it to another table. They also automatically charge 18% tip on the bill.
4_star Came here recently, this time for breakfast. Loved the bacon, but the eggs were abit runny. They had salmon and beef tenderloin and it was delicious. The price for breakfast is a great price, $15.99. Waffles were so-so, I wish they had the regular normal sized.
2_star I have eaten here twice. Once with family and once for work and both times I have been disappointed. They are really missing the mark when it comes to seasoning. Their meat has been cooked perfectly, bit had zero taste.
1_star terrible. overpriced and overhyped. i dont understand why everyone raves. i wanted to like it but they gave me a number of reasons not to. the special guacamole is $11 and when we went for dinner, the waiter put dried cranberries in it instead of pomegranate seeds and didnt say anything until i asked why. he said they were out of season. then change the menu and dont charge so much for nothing bigger than two servings of chipotle guac with cranberries sprinkled in. and chipotle guac tastes better. the pork (i wanted that house specialty chicken but it was out os season or something too), the tacos, the churros were nothing special and not worth the $60+ bill at all. if there are seasonal differences to the menu, note that. also, dont overcharge. its very insulting. i think less people feel pressured to write good reviews in gilbert, where the barrio queen is getting what i think are very honest reviews on their prices and lack of quality.
2_star Just had the worst tasting greasy cheesburger I have ever had. Served with about 5 french fries.
5_star Consistently great service, and fresh, healthy food. Everything I've tried has been above expectations. For wraps, salads, smoothies, I've tried most of the local spots and this is my new go-to place for quality and reasonable price. Very clean.
2_star Something was wrong with the produce - burgers made me and my kid sick. Awesome milkshakes though. Fries were average. Good atmosphere and friendly service. Wish we ate somewhere else.
1_star This was our second visit, and our last. The food tasted the same both times--all four dishes just had a strong cheese flavor, regardless of what they were. The kicker was the ravioli special ($25), which came with only two ravioli. It was supposed to have spinach, ricotta, and a runny egg yolk inside, but the egg yolk was firm. I couldn't say anything because no one ever asked how the meal was. The brown butter sauce was just butter--no brown flavor or flecks--and there was zero trace of the promised truffle flavor. They seemed to know it wasn't right, and definitely didn't care. Not a fun experience dining out! Our waiter was more interested in the table next to us because they were ordering expensive drinks, and the manager took care of us half the time. We waited awhile for basic things and were really unimpressed. $50 for two plates of bad pasta down the drain.
1_star Short and not so sweet... Service, all talk no knowledge. Food, far under par. The decor was the only reason I gave 1 star.
2_star Stopped into The Stuffed Olive on a Tuesday night about 7p. There were very few people In the restaurant portion and several tables busy in the bar. We grabbed a seat at the bar as we were hoping to grab a quick bite. That was a mistake. We waited over 30 minutes for a meatball sub and a sandwich. The salad was not anything super special nor the sandwich. We were however entertained by "the crazy lady" who, best as I could tell, had a party and invited the bartenders and somehow made a fool of herself. She was pretty loudly apologetic every minute or so hoping to be appeased. Of course while the bartenders were sitting and talking, we weren't being served. The place emptied out and we ate a very late dinner with "the crazy lady" and bartenders. Don't think I'd go back. Mediocre food, terrible service.
4_star so far, pepero korean market is my go to when it comes to korean food. still looking for good korean food around charlotte.
1_star I was told about the side door I went there last Saturday and I was treated so awful they told me if I wanted Mexican food for me to go next door to the pigs but if I wasn't Mexican and if I prefer Italian food for me to go to Uncle Sam there was this one lady took me out of the store and walk me to the back of the store to show me where I could go that will be the last time I will ever go to your restaurant and I'll make sure to let all my friends know how awful they treated me
3_star Went to Coquine for a dinner with my family and had mixed emotions: Positives: The mushroom ravioli is to die for. You MUST try that. You cannot go wrong with that. The atmosphere was so nice and the so pleasant and it was relatively easy to get a place to sit ( as compared to the KEG) Loved the hummus and bread at the beginning. It was absolutely wonderful. Kept on snacking on it even after I was done with my meal. Negatives: Wasn't a big fan of the services. The man was nice and friendly but there was something mechanical about the service. It was felt like they were pushing for a quick table rotation. It wasn't such a comforting experience. My fiancee ordered the steak which wasn't prepared to her liking and she wasn't that much into the fries that came with the steak ( mind you, no options were provided initially to replace the fries, even though we later heard that it could be)
3_star I use to go to this place all the time for lunch but have not been in years. My friend and I went last week before a show at the Smith Center and it was a virtual ghost town. Service was good as we were one of only 3 table in this tiny little place. The food was mediocre except the dessert which was some sort of torte and very good. I was certainly disappointed as I remembered this place being so great and perhaps it was an off night. We did the dinner special for something around $12 and got salad and pasta. My pasta was alfredo and my friends was the ravioli. The alfredo was too heavy (I know it's a heavy plate) it had the re-heated alfredo taste to it. My friend said hers was fine. More than likely I will not return.
3_star When we first arrived here, I thought this place would be a 5 star experience. Their bacon board and apple pie moonshine is out of this world. After we had the bacon board, my husband and I took our server's suggestion and ordered their short ribs, which our server said were phenomenal. The short ribs come with fried coleslaw and we asked the server if we could sub asparagus and not get the fried coleslaw. So, the short ribs and asparagus come out. The short ribs were tough, small, and didn't have much flavor. Then, when our bill came we were charged the full amount of the short ribs and coleslaw, and an additional $4 for our asparagus, which clearly shows that it's $4 on it's own. So, why did we have to pay full price to sub them and then not get a side that was supposed to come with our meal? So, we basically paid full price to not receive a side, and paid an extra four dollars for asparagus that would have been $4 regardless if it was subbed or not. We also experienced some issues splitting our bill and my husband and I were charged $30 more than we were supposed to be, even after telling our server that some of the items on our receipt weren't ours before she swiped our card. We were still overcharged and had to cancel one tab, but still be recharged for the other. This place started out a wonderful experience but it seemed to get worse and worse as the night when on. I will definitely go back, but only for the bacon board and moonshine, not the entrees.
5_star Enormous portions, fresh food, nice ambiance, beautiful experience! Thanks! :)
3_star We have been going here for a long time - their food is delicious. However, on Saturday night, 2/21/15, the bottom dropped out for some reason. We got there and there was a line so we knew we would have to wait. They told us it would be 30 minutes and as we stood and then sat there, we realized that was what they were telling everyone. We waited over an hour for a table but we visited with friendly people so it wasn't as bad. We actually sat with a couple that we didn't know so that was kind of cool too. Once seated, we discovered that everyone was waiting at least another hour for their food to arrive. The problem is - the staff were not apologizing or explaining it. Not once in the 3 1/2 hours that we were there, did one person ever say "we're sorry for the wait" or "we're sorry but the kitchen is backed up" or "here is a 10% coupon for your next visit to thank you for being patient." That would have gone a long way to make people feel better - especially for the new visitors that we spoke with who will probably never come back for a second try.
2_star I just had to write this update: We went here again, this time with a friend for a la carte sushi on a Saturday night. The host area was a zoo of people who had made reservations for the party rooms and still were waiting for their table. Asked the lady when it'll be and if we can order a la carte...her answer was "yes, you'll be seated in two minutes. Everybody here is waiting for a party room"...We proceeded to wait 40 minutes for a table and every time we asked her when it'll be (mind you she only came around to the front twice in that 40 minutes) she answered just two minutes... Had we known it would take 40 minutes we would have gone next door to eat. When we finally did sit down we were told it's AYCE only. A little disappointing but the food is still great, they need to work on their service!!!
2_star Really like the concept but they sure skimp on the toppings if you get anything other then red sauce and mozzarella. I'll add a pic of my pizza that had large bubbles in it do to the lack of toppings.
1_star Please do not come here the food is all frozen and it taste old the taco shells were so old it took me a long while to chew my jaw hurts. The chimichanga I asked for no onions when I got home they put onions when I called and asked about it she told me that the food is "seasoned" with onions when I order the same type of meat in my tacos and those did not have onions ? if that's the case she should of been smart enough to tell me that my son is deadly allergic to onions I am not happy I paid 40 dollars and it taste like Taco Bell I asked for two tacos on the side she gave me a meal and charged me as a meal! The beans are nasty I could go to Walmart and get the value beans in the can it would taste better. I always love to try new things and this was definitely new and I would NOT recommend anyone here NASTY!! This is my opinion I grew up eat authentic Mexican food when you claim to be a MEXICAN restaurant you should make everything from scratch I was trying to figure out why it would only take 15 minutes. When you have a restaurant you need to love food enough to make it not give people old frozen food and try to rip people off
2_star Pros- bbq is good/location inside seafood city Cons- food is not too bad i hope they can make it better Workers need to learn good customer service their kind of sad people hope they be happy...
3_star I had read a couple negative reviews before going for dinner last Tuesday night, so I was pleasantly surprised with my experience. The menu is great - quite a bit of variety, and some interesting items. I had the "All Canadian Burger" with fries. The portion was huge. I actually had to cut the burger in half, as to not have it make a big mess - this is a good thing. Admittedly, it was a tad greasy, and was lacking a bit of flavour, I thought, but it was overall a decent burger. The service was fine. We had a very friendly server, who checked up on us periodically, and continued to refill our water long after the meal - no pressure to leave. It wasn't very busy, so perhaps we had better service as a result, but either way my experience was good. Beer wasn't as over-priced as I expected - $6 for a pint of Heineken. I might check this place out again, to try some of the odder stuff on the menu. The only annoyance from the evening was that they didn't take Interac/Debit, but there was an ATM (with $2.50 fee) in the connected Thompson Hotel.
3_star A good place to eat and drink. It is nice to have variety in the south! Service can be hit and miss but the food is generally consistantly good. Good deal on Monday for $5 Corona. Also, the BBQ Back Ribs and Cajun Chicken are really good - full order is massive. Wednesday is a good wing night too!
4_star went back for late night snacks a couple weeks ago. surprised to see empty spots on a friday night. my 2 friends and I shared a few things, including the hamachi tartare and the salmon aburi. loved the salmon. cool spot, happy to return again.
1_star Tried to take some out of town guests to one of Gastonia's "better" restaurants. Horribly disappointed. Food was tasteless, cold, and overpriced. Service was some of the rudest I have ever experienced. Not going to waste my time with details. Just don't go here.
3_star Love it.....but.....the menu changes and one of my favorite appetizers is not on the menu! The artichoke dip with the round pieces of bread.....that was the BEST I have ever had! Went to an Olive Garden in Daytona Beach, Fl and they had it! Please get it back on the menu!!!
3_star Conveniently located near the US 60. It is a nice clean, open, modern restaurant and the staff has been friendly both times we went. The food does taste fresh but the portions are small. The steak tacos were really good. I got them with corn tortillas even though they normally come with flour. The guacamole was good but the salsa was very plain. The second time I got the BBQ brisket sandwich which was okay. The meet was a little tough but the bread was amazing. Both times we have been the place has been pretty empty. On the flipside the food does come out fast. I also tried the german chocolate cake bites which were very good. I will go back, assuming they can stay open. Hopeful they can cover the rent payment on such a large place with the foot traffic they are getting.
5_star The Golden Gate sandwich. What more can I say? I have dreams about it.......good ones. Pastrami, bacon, swiss cheese and 1000 island dressing on a tasty sub roll and then baked. This is my favorite sandwich in the valley. Pair it with the homemade chips and bbq sauce and you are sure to be happy. The place is really nice too. Great selection of wine!
1_star Sure, it's Super Bowl Sunday, but taking the phone off the hook all afternoon is not cool. Thought I would email you to let you know and your mailbox is full. How do you get feedback from your customers? I've been getting wings here for years and this was about all I could take. Really???
3_star The pizza from this place is legitimately terrible. I'm the kind of person who will happily eat the worst pizza out there, but this deserves special mention for tasting worse, having a worse texture and makeup than the cheapest grocery store freezer aisle pizza you could find. I don't get how they make pizza this bad. I could throw tomato sauce and cheese onto a goddamn tortilla and nuke it in the microwave for 15 seconds and have something better. That being said, their calzones and strombolis are somewhat acceptable just because they actually have to FILL the product with some ingredients (or they will give you sauce containers to dip their anhydrous product into), rather than leaving a dry, sauceless cheese on top of some stale dough like they do with their pizza. Their alfredo pasta is probably the best thing on the menu, and even then it's just because alfredo pasta is impossible to botch. This place is good for two things: 24 hour delivery, and beer delivery. If you actually order food from them because you think it tastes good you are a nut. That being said, it fills an important niche role with those two things, and for that this horrendous establishment has a warm spot in my heart. Also, their delivery guys are always pretty friendly even at 4 AM which is pretty much the only time I ever see them.
5_star Excellent food and service. We have eaten there several times while visiting Scottsdale. Very attentive servers-the owner even made the rounds refilling water glasses. The food has always been great- varied menu. Awesome!
5_star This place gets 4 stars for their great, authentic Vietnamese food and an extra Star for excellent and friendly service. I went for lunch this past Saturday and had the crispy fried quail, which was excellent, and beef pho. Both were delicious. Their bubble teas are great too. The "bubbles" are just tapioca based so there's no burst of flavor, which I prefer. Do yourself a favor and try the coconut or avocado bubble tea!
4_star Will give them 4 starts because of the great service and presentation was nice but Unfortunately, most of the food that we ordered tasted bland. From appies to soup to rice dishes. Especially the Tipsy Tapsi which I didn't enjoy at all. The garlic rice was served cold so I had it re-heated for me. The meat was tender but no taste. The tofu and pork belly was a little bit pricey for 4 pieces and tastes okay. Siopao sliders were actually good (the only one I enjoyed). Oohmami soup was kinda bland but the meat was super tender (two tumbs up). Sisig was a little bit burnt. Bagoong rice bowl was okay. I hope they focus more on the flavor. We might visit again.
1_star This review is specifically for the Aladdin's on McKnight Rd. One day I ordered all this stuff. I was really pumped to get it and I live far away from the place. Of course they're not going to deliver it so I drive all the way out there. Again, in my excitement I pick up the stuff and put it in my car. I'm trying to hurry home and it eat it, mainly because I'm excited. And the person I'm with is excited too. We both were - because we know how good Aladdin's can be. And then we got home. And there was like one piece of meat all crumpled up like someone stuffed it in there without a second thought. C'mon man. I'm not a 75 lb. child. I need something larger than the size of one golf ball. And what about our other food? It was dry like sand and not worth eating. NOT THE STUFF I WAS LOOKING FORWARD TO. In the end, my excitement was all for naught. I wasted all that time driving to this place that prides itself on being called an eatery. Pick up a Pez dispenser or some tic-tacs, you'll get more of a meal out of them than a beef kabibby from this joint.
3_star I saw primanti bros. on bizarre foods America. Since my fiance and I were spending the weekend in Pittsburgh, I thought it couldn't hurt to try. I would recommend this place as a one time visit only. It's kitschy and fun, but it's not great. You get a super soggy sandwich and rude, rushed service. I had roast beef and cheese with tomato, Cole slaw and fries. Like I said, good to try, but that's about it. Your check comes wrapped in your sandwich paper, and it's pretty much dropped on your table. Then you're forgotten. Want a refill on your drink or a box? Too bad! Prices are good and this location seemed cleaning. But it's a tourist trap. They make so much money, they don't have to worry about being nice to customers.
2_star I admit... The food was pretty good. However, the service was terrible. We were 5 min late for our reservation and they made us wait 1 hour at the bar (seated after 9:30) The hostess was incredibly rude and it took almost 30 min to get service at the bar. When we were finally seated the service only got worse. They didn't refill our waters or wine glasses once. They served our first course to another table and never once explained what was laid in front of us. They knew how terrible the service was (we have said nothing at this point) so they offered us free dessert. But... The kicker was the $50 bottle if wine that ended up as $100 on the bill. We were amazed so we asked the table next to us how their meal was. Turns out they were getting a free meal due to the 5 reservation changes made by the restaurant. Hope this place gets their act together. Currently it's an embarassment to a hotel that's trying to be upscale. Hype not quality.
5_star As soon as we walked in the place it smelled delicious! We were greeted nicely buy host who was very accommodating. We started with the freshest doughnuts that were still hot when they served omg yummy. Had for the first time the mango mimosa's they were good. Then we share the French on egg bread which was to die for. I had the Breakfast sandwich served on the freshest bun. My friend had the Duck confit and said that it was flavorful and definitely recommended. The ambiance was warm and inviting with a cool city vibe.
5_star Rolled tacos = divine experience. So much bang for the buck too. Ashamed to be completely stuffed for $5 and their salsa is excellent.
2_star Had their food twice. Dined in the first time. The guys were enthusiastic and I felt that they were really trying but they managed to get my order wrong ... twice on the first visit. I heard other tables complaining the same. The chicken was good enough to bring me back though. The second time, I got take-out. $29.50 Yelp check-in offer for a family combo (menu listed a whole chicken, 4 buns, 2 large sides (I chose fries and Peruvian salad which as per their menu contains lettuce, tomatoes and avocado) and 2 types of sauces which I assume will be their signature hot AND mild sauce). What I actually got when I opened up the package when I got home were: 2 breasts + 2 legs, 4 pieces of thin mini loaf slices, one large fries, 1 large Peruvian salad that had 3 pieces of avocado the size of a fingernail, and only 1 kind of sauce. So my question is: was it because of the check-in offer or was it because it was a take-out meal? I do not feel what I received truly matched their menu description. The 4 mini loaf slices add up to maybe 1.25 slices of a white toast, definitely not 4 buns. The avocado in the salad was non-existent. If you are running out of your signature sauce (which you should not if you claim it to be your speciality), you should let your customers know when they place their order. Their chicken is moist and flavourful and that is the only thing they have going for them. Don't waste your money on their sides.
5_star I've been to about 10 dosa places in GTA and this is definitely the best that I've been to in Toronto. The variety of dosa and other options are endless which is also one of the big appeals of this place. One of the best vegetarian and southing Indian options in the GTA probably.
1_star I love chipotle and go at least once a week and usually more. I always get the exact same thing....bowl with brown rice, lettuce and steak or a three point meal they ALWAYS say, as this is a little cheaper than the regular bowl. Today the girl at the register and I believe the manager were so rude. They told me all the other Chipotle's haven't been charging me enough and basically arguing with me in front of everyone. I can't believe the service at this place, it was so bad. I will never go back to this Chipotle.
1_star This place is the worst "thing" I've ever stepped in. I was told the wait time was 30 minutes, waited for an hour to be seated with no one checking on us, when finally our turn to sit down we waited for another 5 minutes till someone came to ask if we were ready to order. The sides were dry and it seemed like they've been sitting for some time. We order a beer and when the waiter returned and he handed us glasses they had lipstick on the rim. While being grossed out we order our check and looked at us like seriously? (Are you honestly surprised)They honestly have no idea what customer service and quality is. All I wanted was to enjoy a nice dinner and I couldn't even do that. Please if you have other options immediately cross this one off. TRUST ME YOU WONT BE MISSING OUT ON ANYTHING!!!!!
3_star If you have a burning desire to drink beer while listening to polka and being served by lederhosen-clad bartenders, Essen Haus is is the place for YOU! As for myself, well...it wasn't quite my scene. A lot of yelling, "WHAT?" to my S.O., unpleasant stickiness on the bar, and what-not. The pretzels are the perfect foil for the beer--well worth it for 50 cents. But overall? Meh.
2_star After having read so many positive comments and reviews, I was really disappointed after my experience here. The food was underwhelming and the staff was not very accommodating. Sadly, I don't believe that I'll be returning anytime soon
3_star The last meal I had in Vegas and I chose to order the omelet with smoked salmon with spinach. I thought it was okay. The smoked salmon could have been fresher in my opinion. Plus there's no cheese. I mean you can have cheese if you picked it as one of the two topping choices, but seriously, how plain is that. I really wish cheese wasn't a choice of topping, but instead to just let you have it. The hash browns that came with it was alright. I only ate the crispy pieces because what wasn't was kind of mushy and had a slight weird taste to it. That's what I thought because my sister who tried it said it was fine. I'll come back again and maybe next time, I'll pick a signature dish.
1_star Service was great. Food was awful. Shrimp and mushroom pasta had the strangest flavor I've ever tasted - literally inedible. Caesar side salad was good size, but lettuce was soggy and shredded Parmesan cheese was as hard as sticks. Truly the worst meal I've had, maybe ever
3_star Tried this place for the first time. The staff was extremely friendly, great service! The food was awesome, it totally hit the spot for some late night dim sum. The Shrimp Shumai, Shrimp Dumplings, and Lotus Leaf Pork Sticky Rice would be my favorites. We came in late, close to closing, and we were still treated very nicely. Salt and Pepper Shrimp was also delicious! :)
2_star I haven't had a Big Boy Burger for maybe 20 years. My guess... it'll be another 20. It wasn't bad! ...it just wasn't good. Quality is a step above McDonald's. All of our burgers were burned. Buns were nice, I liked topping options. Fries were very good (probably a cross between the natural cut of Five Guys and the thinness of Steak n Shake). Price isn't bad. Shakes were a total disappointment. I feel like we could have taken a bottle of Hershey's Syrup, cheap vanilla ice cream and a little milk and we'd have the same thing at home. There really is nothing special about the shakes. Staff was very friendly, service was quick, dining room was clean and well kept. There isn't a ton of seating. This is Chipotle style ordering (what kind of dish are you getting, then go down the line adding toppings, etc...) Even though we won't be getting another one, the shake/dessert station is separate so if you aren't ordering food, you can just order dessert and pay there. Nice idea, but not impressive food. Would rather go to Five Guys for about the same price literally across the street.
3_star I wanted to be blown away by a gourmet taco shop, but sadly I live in Southern California, and when you live there being amazed by tacos take A LOT. I definitely recommend this place, but it doesn't have the WOW factor. The Pros: Awesome Salsa Bar - about a dozen delicious salsas. The regular Mexican salsa was flavorful and spicy. Some nice rare options too. Service - Our server was very nice and attentive. The Al Pastor - I tried the premium carne asada, fish taco, and al pastor. This is the only one I would go back for - great taste and tender pork. The Cons: Price - Like double the price of what I'm used to paying for any kind of taco. Pepsi brand soda - Hells to the no!! and they didn't have Mexican coke either (they were apparently out). Bleh on the fish taco - again, I am spoiled because I only eat fish tacos in Baja, but the batter was very soggy and bland. Small place and tight parking but it wasn't crowded on a Sunday.
3_star So, this was my first time visiting this spot after living in the neighborhood for 2.5 years. I was at a beer festival in downtown Phoenix and really wanted a hearty burger after all of that drinking and light railing it. Since, I run a huge Meetup group that prides itself on supporting local establishments throughout the Valley I decided to check out the Chuck Box to feed my beer filled, yet starving stomach. I ordered the Bacon Cheeseburger with Swiss Cheese. I am used to Swiss cheese having the wholes in it, but this one did not. I was a little nervous to eat it, but I did, and I am still a live. I am a major foodie and know when things are of great quality, etc. Moving on, the burger was damn tasty, in fact kind of hair blowing. The condiment bar looked a little shady, but once again, I am alive and did not get food poison. The Bacon Cheeseburger came out to be a little over $6.00 just by itself, which to me is kind of pricey for what you get. The ambiance is not appealing on the inside, but the outdoor seating looks to be a little nicer. I am happy to have visited this spot, but will not return. Cheers
5_star The tea and desserts are amazing! I went with my friends for High Tea and we tried about a dozen pastries and desserts. Amazing creams, crusts and mousses. Raspberry mouse like tart is mouthwatering. I also really liked their sandwiches, cucumber and the egg salad were most memorable! The tea is great, I preferred the English Breakfast but that's my taste, my friend preferred the raspberry! Can't wait to go again!
2_star Had the biscuits and gravy the food was excellent the servings large but the wait staff service was so poor that basically I got my food and I got my check was completely ignored otherwise I don't know if I'll be back
2_star Tastefully decorated with wine bottles, glasses, and interesting lighting fixtures, the interior feels open and bright thanks to floor-to-ceiling windows. A fantastic outdoor back patio includes an outdoor bar and lounge areas. The service was pleasant and patient - We were given a bread basket with crispy flat bread seasoned with tarragon and a few slices of white bread. It was accompanied with a rather plain marinara sauce, which foreshadowed the upcoming meal. Baby Red Romaine & Escarole Salad Cara Cara orange, fennel, shaved Parmigiano-Reggiano and old wine vinaigrette A light start of fresh lettuce, a slightly tart vinaigrette, ripe Cara Cara orange, and cheese. While the orange and the dressing was enjoyable, something was left to be desired...perhaps it's because of my unrefined wine and cheese palette, but I wasn't particularly impressed. Memorable Summerlicious starter salads include the butterleaf truffle salad at Truffles at the Four Seasons (which has since closed) and Tutti Matti's carpaccio salads. Bigeye Tuna Tartare & Spicy Sopressata Cracked olives, garlic grissini, arugula, lemon and Sicilian organic extra virgin olive oil Fresh tuna tartare on a bed of salami was a welcome dish, especially since I've never tried sopressata before. The saltyness of the cured ham paired with the freshnesses of the tuna created an interesting balance between bites. The olives were typical, and the bread sticks brought a crunch but no flavour to the plate. Perhaps if they were toasted a bit more or rolled in sesame, it would've been a nice compliment to the dish. Wild & Tame Mushroom Soup Six kinds of mushrooms (no butter or cream) Thick, warm, and hearty - this had the rich texture of a comforting soup despite the lack of cream or butter. I was impressed with the consistency and I love the taste of mushrooms so I thoroughly enjoyed this soup. As with the salad, there was something lacking - the "wow" factor that I always hope for at 'licious restaurants. The best mushroom soup that I've tasted was Wild Mushroom Soup from Tutti Matti - unfortunately not on their current menu. Grilled Top Sirloin Fettina Charred onion, heirloom tomato and rocket salad with crumbled Gorgonzola The vegetables were nice and warm, and the sauce surrounding the steak sweet however the steak wasn't particularly interesting or great. Tender and nicely cooked, it was a good, simple cut of sirloin but didn't blow me away or leave a lasting impression on my palette. Grilled Jail Island Salmon Pickled summer beets, heirloom carrots, watercress salad and horseradish crème fraîche Despite my half-success with the fish at Biff's Bistro, I decided that it was worth another go. While tasty, I'm quickly getting bored with this Summerlicious lunch. The beets were nice, warm, and soft and the horseradish crème fraîche had great flavour. However the salmon was...just salmon. Roasted Portobello Mushroom & Brie Quesadilla Caramelized onions, pico de gallo, chipotle crema, plantain tortilla chips and cilantro cress My personal favourite of the entrées, the chipotle cream had a tangy flavour that tasted great with the pico de gallo and quesadilla. The pico de gallo (salsa) was ripe and simple. Always a fan of portobello, these quesadillas had great flavour. While an interesting visual, the tortilla chips were lacking the flavour I usually enjoy from plantains. As a plantain chip lover, they were a disappointment. I'd rather crack open a bag of the Samai Plantain chips that I got addicted to Barbados. Chocolate Toffee Crunch Cheesecake Dulce de leche cream Thick cheesecake that was more toffee-like than chocolate. The caramel was pleasant with the dense cake. I wasn't a fan of the bit of toffee that accompanied the cake but overall I'd say that this was the best dessert out of the three. Bavarian Vanilla Cream Ontario strawberry compote and dark cherry balsamic Nice and warm with a smooth texture, the vanilla cream dessert sat on one of the better compotes that I've tried. I found myself scooping this dessert up more for the compote than the cream. Coconut Rum Baba Tropical fruit salad and banana cream This spongy cake was covered with coconut shavings over pineapple, mango, and lychee. A sweet, generous drizzle of rum syrup soaked into the cake quite nicely. While I wasn't the biggest fan of this dessert initially, over time as I enjoyed my company it grew on me. It wasn't too rich or filling. Wonderfully designed and decorated, Jump Café & Bar creates a vibrant, young, and upscale environment quite well. I would return for a drink at the bar, and the service was fantastic. However, I thought it was missing that the "oomph" factor that would make me wholeheartedly recommend this restaurant for future Summerlicious romps. This is a good spot to take someone who wants a very simple no-frills meal.
1_star very expensive for what you get. Also, not sure if this review will show up as YELP seems to remove bad reviews, for a price. Was not impressed with this place. service was slow, food was just ok, nothing special
3_star I've been here a couple of times, but mostly forget it's there. I was reminded about the place by some reviews on here that had me wanting to try to they Chicago Dog, so I did. The remodeling looks nice, but I'm surprised they needed to expand their space, because I hardly ever see anyone in this restaurant. On this last visit, at lunchtime, I was the only customer there, but they kept me waiting for quite some time. When I finally got my Chicago Dog, I wasn't too impressed. The bun was very soft, which is a good thing, I suppose, but with all the liquidy toppings on top, the bun just got soggy and kind of dissolved underneath them. I probably won't bet getting that again, but having only tried a couple things on their menu, I may go again and try some more items.
2_star I tried this place today because.i.saw thry have thai food, i been craving thai red curry due to im preggy right now,.service is nice but i ate the thai red curry doesnt taste anything like thai curry at all i didnt even finish it all i was just disappointed because i been craving it maybe they are good in chinese food.
5_star Love the busy and loud atmosphere, perfect for a weekend retreat. I always go for the chicken little, their veggie and salads are also great. The portions are enormous, you get what you pay for.
3_star The food is always good, but today the service was super slow. I give them credit, they knew they were behind and said so at the time we ordered. So I give the food 4 stars, the service 2, and the honesty to acknowledge they are behind 1 redemption star for an average of 3 stars. I will still come back because the food is good.
2_star Entering through the front door on 5th Avenue, 5th and Wine feels like a brightly lit coffee shop. Continuing into the restaurant, past the bar, it opens up into a very large, vaulted ceiling dining room. Unfortunately the noise level also elevates. As we were escorted to our table, my husband said, "Look around at who is here." The room was filled with tables of women. I thought I had accidentally taken my husband to Arcadia Farms! He commented that he thought the female to male ratio to be about 7:1. I have to agree, and that included the male waiters! Tables are very close together. Because of the noise level, conversation was difficult. Food was average. Menu was salads, sandwiches, a couple of pastas...seemed more like lunch than dinner. Nothing to get too excited about. So, if you are a group of loud, laughing, slightly inebriated women, desiring a lunch menu with your bottle(s) of wine for dinner, 5th and Wine is probably your place. I'll pass.
1_star Just stopped in for a drink and a cheese crisp, what a disappointment this trip was. First cheese crisp was burnt and the second was raw the only good thing was they didn't try to charge us. No manager stopped by they just said we are free to go, what has happened to service.
2_star This was the first place open serving food that was close by our hotel once we got settled in. We split an order of nachos, which were HUGE! The late night crowd was there, and they had the lights turned down and the music blaring. Not the atmosphere I expected.
4_star Really enjoyed this place, wasn't as busy as I was expecting it to be (which was great). I ordered the Mushroom Eggs Benny and it was delicious! The best part, however, were the 'hashbrowns'. The Beltliner has a very unique twist to traditional hashbrowns, and I love them!
1_star The hours listed on yelp say it's open til 10pm, well I am sitting out front and it is not.
4_star The food here is always very fresh and tasty. The prices are not the cheapest but it is worth it. Always friendly staff. So far my favorite Thai place in the east valley.
1_star Cold steam table food. Hot fresh naan. Don't bother. Too bad as I think the bread deserves so very much more.
2_star The only thing I recommend here is the Chimichanga, and even though it is good, there is no sauce on it, which contrasts much of the great mexican styles in the area. Do not expect the best walking in here.
5_star Checked out this place for the first time today. Loved the beef teriyaki special!
4_star I love this place. Got the Salmon Pizza this time, and it was good. I think that a thinner spread of the dill sauce would have made it less salty, but I still ate three-quarters of it before saving the rest for later.
3_star The food was good, if anything the food was a little bland. The service was great and everyone there was really friendly. Everything was made fresh and I really enjoyed my visit here!
5_star Great New Mexican food! Being from New Mexico we are picky and hadn't found a great place to find our loved Hatch green chili. Yes, really like the food here, give it a try!
5_star Excellent food! The burgers are fresh and inventive. The beer offerings are substantial. The bartenders and wait staff and patient informative and generally up beat.
4_star Perfect brunch choice for a casual Saturday. I love the mushroom crepe with extra egg, and the Americano is awesome. The sour cream muffin is also a must-try.
2_star Prices are OK, service is not up to par. I think this is why it was empty during lunch in a very crowded location.
5_star Great food and excellent service. The Chirashi bowl was well presented and filling. Fish was bold colored and fresh tasting! The clam hot pot was more than enough food for one person with plenty of clams. The meatball and chicken skewers were crispy and tender. The pork was very good as well, but a little tougher than the chicken and meatballs. Warm and comfortable ambience, attentive and pleasant service, and very good food. Can't wait to come back and try other dishes!
2_star I appreciate the authentic taste of my veggies so I was disappointed (three times in a row) with the food being so damn salty. Perhaps this is their way of enticing tofu-fearing peeps by loading every dish with an abundant amount of soy sauce. It was almost as bad as tasting ocean water. Every bite was overwhelmingly unbearable. If salty sea water is your thing, then this is your place to indulge. The best thing about Green is the "soy-based" ice cream: but that's probably because it wasn't so salty as the rest of the menu. Oh, and the food gave my friend the terrible runs. Ouch! Something to consider if you're not into "mock meat".
1_star Had the Chicken Teriyaki. It was awful. No flavor, the chicken was fatty. Took two bites and threw it in the trash. It was so bad I was fearful of food poisoning. Just didn't seem fresh. The one star is because I had to give it a star to even write this. For $10 I would rather have Chipotle.
5_star Great food and incredible service. Friendly caring and warm service. Pho is rich and balanced. The service!!
3_star Well to begin with the restaurant was almost empty at lunchtime so not only was there no wait time but also we got a table with a view. My husband and I decided to share an antipasto and a pasta. We started with Grandma's Meatballs. I typically don't like red sauce or meatballs but this was soo soo good. Then came Nona's Lasagna Al Forgo. They gave it to us in 2 separate dishes which made it a lot easier to share. The portion size was extremely generous especially for lunch. But we felt that it was very similar in taste to Grandma's Meatballs. Maybe ordering similar sauce dishes wasn't the right decision.
4_star Great "Indie" feeling Falafel house! We had the F-Bomb (in Pita form) and the Big Green Salad (classic, w/ 3 falafels) and they were both FANTASTIC, even a little too big on the portion side! The music, seating, ambiance, and most importantly, the FOOD were spot on for a great dining experience and delicious falafels! Pros: +Great flavor, freshness, and quality to the food. The falafels are really top notch. Some of the best I've had in 4 continents, and truly, they are what they're made out to be-TASTY! +Really chill music playlist that helped add to the ambiance and environment +Nice decorations downstairs, with oriental rugs and paintings. +Chalk hand-written menu on an ordering wall is always fun. Cons: -It can get quite loud inside, in the downstairs area even with minimal customers (due to poor acoustics?). -Free water dispensers aren't filled with ice and aren't very chilled -The Tahini sauce is not particularly flavorful, but the chili sauce you can serve yourself definitely helps bring out its flavor if you mix the two! OVERALL: You can't go wrong going here...I hesitate to recommend it completely just so it doesn't get too busy and inaccessible (for me), but really, it's pretty great and the negatives are really minor things that may not bug you, so give it a try!
3_star While staying in Vegas, I woke up one morning to find that my bf had picked up bagels and caffeine for breakfast. There were about 6 different varieties in the box - I sampled all of course - and thought they were all scrumptious. The bagels were perfectly toasted; still soft and chewy, just how I like. He also bought 3 tubs of schmear (cream cheese spread); reduced fat, strawberry, and honey almond. The honey almond was by far both of our favorite. My usual fat-free latte was surprisingly pretty good. He didn't comment on his coffee, so it must have been satisfactory. :o) If you're looking for yummy bagels, I would definitely recommend this place. I myself prefer spending superfluous amounts of calories on dessert.
1_star this is possibly the worst restaurant I have ever been in. should have been clued in when at lunch time no other patrons were in there. we had 8 people and 3 of them ordered the chicken Ceasar salads. the salad had a horrible fish smell and tasted even worst. they put hard dry piece of chicken on top of lettuce that was soaked in fish sauce. we've all had many Ceasars salads in our life made with anchovies and I'm sorry it does not end up tasting like dead fish. the owner was rude and had attitude when we said none of the 3 could eat the salads. there was no one in the restaurant and 5 employees walking around but no one could bother checking on our table for drinks or even offer us a dessert menu. the owner didn't take any of the salads off the bill never told us the bill included a inflated tip and as we counted our money to pay the tab he had the nerve to say you can leave more!! in the 5 years I've been on this site this is only the 2nd place I've ever left a negative review, ever. that should tell you how bad it was.
2_star What an over rated place. This definitely is NOT big city, cool, REAL Italian food. This is small town, pretentious, over priced, "They think it is cool but it's not" food.I came here expecting something special. It's generic, it's dull, and it's OVER RATED.
4_star This used to be our "go to" for buffets. The boyfriend and I decided to try it out when they first opened, and found that we enjoyed the pre-divided portions. (Mind you, not everything was like that. There were also food served the traditional buffet way.) Apparently, you either love this particular serving style or you hate it. We loved it. Food and service quality were definitely up to par. They have a variety of food and have choices available that aren't your typical buffet fare. They also have a mac and cheese bar, which I loved since I am a mac and cheese feign. I think the thing I enjoyed most was the desserts. I'm not a big sweets person so I chose the French macaroons and the white chocolate dipped crab apples and strawberries. However, for the people with a sweet tooth, they have a variety of gelato, fudge, cakes, and whatever else. Unfortunately, we've heard that the food isn't the same as it was before so we haven't been back. They also raised their prices (it used to be $29, I think). It's now $35, which is a bit steep if I'm not guaranteed amazing food.
5_star Had a great fresh breakfast! Great eggs and salsa on pepper jack quesadilla! They also have buffet which looked good. Service awesome and the boulders is a place you have to see.
4_star Ah Tommy's, you either love it or hate it. If you like greasy, calorie-packed, delicious fast food and like reflecting poorly on your diet plan, then Tommy's is the place to go. You can't go wrong with a double-cheeseburger with chili-cheese fries! Tommy's is by far one of the best burger joints on the west coast, easily up there with in-n-out, possibly better. The chili resembles something that you can buy in a pet aisle, but it makes up for it's awful looks in it's personality (like that one girl in college that always wondered why you never wanted to hang out in public with her). Not too spicy, not too mild, a perfect taste and an ultimate addition to any of their meals. If you aren't that thirsty don't buy a large drink, it's big enough to get you five years in prison if you walked outside with it in New York. But if you're willing to take on the bucket of carbonated sugar-syrup than by all means go to town. Don't pay too much attention to the bad reviews on here, some people just don't appreciate a tantalizing meal like Tommy's can serve up! The only reason I'm giving it 4 stars is because of location. VERY eye-catching, but the parking lot holds only a handful of cars, so you'll have to park a little ways away, but you'll need to burn the calories anyways. So whether you're heading home from work or taking your prom date out for the fancy meal she's waited her whole high-school career for, Tommy's is most definitely the place to go, HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!
1_star Bad customer service , they do not pay attention to anything. my order is wrong 90% of the time.
5_star Excellent staff, very friendly. Great food, had the dinner for 2 which came with soup, salad, rice, 2 spring rolls, steak, chicken, and shrimp. Everything only cost $20 and it ended up feeding 3 of us. Definitely will visit again.
5_star We had a great experIence , the waiter was super nice and helpfull, the kids chicken fIngeRs were delicious and so was the chicken pot pie! Salads and soup were fresh and tasty, also the poppy seed little munchkins were yummy!!!
1_star I had heard mixed reviews on this place, so we decided to check it out. Wow. The service is terrible. The food is nothing worth returning for. We dined late afternoon and sat at the bar. I ordered a blueberry and citrus vodka cocktail that had basil in it; sounded and looked delicious! Unfortunately, i felt it needed more citrus, so when the bartender asked me how it was I told him exactly that. What did he do? Nothing. He said I probably didn't like it because it had basil in it (not true, not what I said to him) then, just walked away. He didn't return to us until it was time to give us a bill. (The bar had 6 other patrons, not busy). The drink, that remained untouched, was on the bill. I told him that if he had offered lemon wedges to make it more citrusy, I would have loved it! I was disappointed that he didn't offer to fix the drink, but instead ignored us and then charged me for it! On to the food- I started with the house salad with the Townhall dressing. The salad was a mescaline mix with 2 cherry tomatoes, 1 crouton, and tossed with olive oil. The turkey club followed, halfway frozen deli meat. No thanks. After checking with my friends that said this place was great, they said they had never eaten here, and that they always went here late night for drinks. So, maybe that's all this place should be considered good for.
3_star Can you say SALT? Yep, lots and lots of salt. Don't get me wrong, I have been frequenting Rosita's for more than a few years and I have always loved their bean and cheese burrito enchilada style...oh yeah..and of course their chips and salsa are pretty tasty - as long as you don't take a big bite of cold harden grease on your chip. Totally blows the meal, as you could understand. Pretty much only go if you have to have some sodium after a heavy night of drinking heavily or in dire need of some good ole hip widening comfort food. You'll probably see me there on a Sunday afternoon with the biggest pair of sunglasses I can get my hands on while popping Advil.
3_star Good burgers but the parking is terrible and that normally forces us to ride on by. Atmosphere a bit pretentious. Ease up Dilworth, it's only burgers.
3_star The coffee is really awesome but the brunch wasn't anything spectacular. It was also exceptionally busy and me and my three friends had to crowd around a teeny tiny table. All of us felt like the panini/burritos were totally edible and good just not great. The flavors just weren't super tasty. I would say yay on coming here for coffee sort of yay on coming for food. It kind of bothers me that it shows up as the number one restaurant in Pittsburgh. I mean, it DEFINITELY does not deserve that ranking. I wouldn't want out-of-towners coming to Pittsburgh and thinking that's the best we have.
5_star Great news for people that keep kosher, this place is not what we been used to, this place is great, the atmosphere is fantastic and it's open till late so finally we can have a drink and have a kosher meal of just something small, prices also great! Will go back again for sure.
2_star This may not be a completely fair review for the business since they can't control everything I have complaints about, but here's my opinion: We went on a Sat. night, maybe that was our mistake. The tiny place was just packed, and it was very hard to find a table for 4. Finally one opened up, but it was very uncomfortable because we were so closed to everyone else. I rather be in a place that I can feel comfortable in and lounge and talk without inviting everyone into my conversation. Also since it was our first time trying the place, we all ordered a drink and at least one food item each....which did not all fit onto the table. We had to consolidate all the food items onto just a couple of plates. We basically finished our drinks and food and left because of the crowded atmosphere. And I know most people are probably going to hate me for saying this, but I just don't get why all these people are staying around for hours taking up the few tables there are. Honestly, I don't see how you can study or read in a place like this when it's crowded and there is a guy singing in the front. Maybe in the daytime but not on a Sat night. I wish everyone would be more considerate and study at home or a library and get their drinks/food to go. While I was there, I didn't see too many people reordering so basically you're just taking up room that other patrons need. As for the drinks/food, none of us were impressed. It wasn't bad but it didn't knock our socks off either. The employees weren't super friendly or unfriendly. I don't think I will be returning, I prefer Starbucks or Coffee Bean more, it has a more comfortable and friendlier atmosphere.
4_star Been going to Yard House for over 5 years, always for Happy Hour. They have great deals on the appetizer's, we usually order 6-8 items and share family style. My wife and kid both enjoy the food as well. Atmosphere is relaxing, large booths are great, prices are fair & food is good.
4_star Great food at a very fair price. Butter chicken was some of the best i have had in Toronto. Will be back often.
2_star My wife and I have been here a few times. In have had the cheeseburger , fajitas and the buffalo chicken fingers (separate visits!). The chicken fingers were very good but found that most other foods we have tried here are quite 'bland'. The staff have been very good on all visits. Also nice to have a patio in oak ridges. We don't go back unless it's for a few drinks.
5_star I came here relatively late and it was packed - always a good sign at any restaurant. Their menu is relatively simple with prices similar to other chains such as McDonalds but with MUCH better quality in food. I ordered the Double Double - Animal Style. This is a burger with two meat patties which, usually, I would think is too much meat for a burger. After my first bite, HOLY. MOTHA. COW. Juicy burger with crisp veggies and a soft toasted bun rounded out with creamy thousand island dressing. Nom NOM! Definitely a 5 star burger. My friend got fries which I thought were pretty meh. Next time I come I'll definitely try the Animal Fries which I've heard so much about.
3_star They have a big sign stating that the meat is never prepackaged or pre-sliced. I ordered pastrami. And it was prepackaged and pre-sliced. She pulled it our from a fridge. It was in a cup. So much for that gimmick. The bread wasn't very fresh. The ladies were friendly. The food was ok. No better than a Subway.
3_star Wonderful experiences with the following: Greek salad (perfectly dressed), falafel, spanakopita, grape leaves, hummus, baba, & chicken lemon/rice soup (omg this was perfect). Yeah I was hungry. (Had a sampler plus some extras. Annnnd plenty leftover!) Seriously each item listed above was delicious. Service: Waitress was prompt, timely & friendly. It was in the middle of the afternoon (the dead zone where sometimes side work or a shift change can cause service to suffer) and we still were taken very good care of. :) Things that weren't so great: The chicken souvlaki my friend ordered was extremely dry. Great flavor just tough. :-/ The baklava was cloyingly sweet (yes I know it's a dessert) & hardly any pistachios or pistachio flavor at all. Only could handle a bite of the honey cinnamon sweetness. I would definitely recommend & come back.
3_star It's a hip and trendy place to see beautiful people. Food is good, but not great enough to write about. I think the scene and drinks are the main focus here. A lot of young groups come here for the pre-partying in the Palms hotel. I was with my two gfs there last time, and we somehow got into Ghost Bar and Club Rain for free! Will I go back there again? I will prolly go other places since there are too many good restaurants to try in Vegas to.
1_star Coming from the Hawaiian Islands it's hard to find good Chinese food here in Arizona. But we did some research and thought we would try this place out. It is nice, clean and they had entertainment. When we got there the wait was 15 minutes which was fine, but because we have a child with special needs we asked the girl in the front if we could put our order in while we wait so that way it will be ready when we sit down. She said ok. However 10 minutes later when she sat us she only then gave them our order to put in Then to top it off as she is walking us to our table all the way in the back she just walks all by herself leaving us behind and not even looking to see went we are taking so long to get to her. We took long because we had a wheelchair and there was no space to maneuver around the tables. We had to ask other paying customers to make room for us to go through! So they are not wheelchair accessible. So we sat down and waited 30 minutes to get our food that we thought was put in ahead of time which was not the case, and our server was so forgetful that he told us 2 times our soup was coming which took 15 minutes! Then we get our food with only 2 plates and none for our child with special needs and when we asked for a bowl he takes 5 minutes cause he forgot and we had to remind him And the biggest disappointment is that the owner was there and he went around and talked to people to see how things were but because we are not white he didn't bother to acknowledge us. Goes to show you don't judge us cause you know what my hubby is white asian and I am Hawaiian asian. People here automatically put us in the Mexican race which we are not and there is nothing wrong with that but oh boy they only acknowledge you if you are white. So I will never give them business again! And I will be sure to tell people about my experience there. Btw the food was good. Just bad service and not handicap friendly! !!!!!!
1_star Damn you Yelp for not letting me give zero stars to these swill pedlars . Horrible horrible goat biriyani ... Rather than this Godforsaken crap excuse of a biriyani , you are better served to use your $15 dollars to wipe your hind side after a good bowel movement. May be a great place for naive Americans, who have no idea how biriyani tastes like, to eat this gastronomical disaster. I cry for humanity on behalf of all those who've rated this septic tank four and a half stars. Owners , please go back to serving the swill that sells chicken tikka masala out of a Sysco bucket. Biriyani isn't your cup of tea ... even by a long shot!!!
5_star Great food, Great price, Great service, all around Great. I go to college in Berea so I don't always go out for a sit down meal, but whenever I do my friends and I always go to Maya's. They always start off with never ending fresh homemade chips and salsa. But be careful not to eat to many or you wont have room from your food! They give you a huge portion so you will likely take home some leftovers. You really get your money's worth here (Baldwin Wallace student get 10% off with ID). I always get El Combo which has a little bit of everything. If its your first time here definitely try that if you cant decide on what to get. There not only dine in but pick up as well. Pick up usually a 15 min wait on food. If you're planning on dining in on a Friday or Saturday prepare for a wait. If there's a line and it's go to the store next door and wait. Overall fabulous food! Great authentic Mexican restaurant in Northern Ohio!
2_star This place is not a 4 star Thai place. Service was good but food was horrible. Stayed on the strip and wanted Thai so came out here but was not impressed by the food at all. Had padthai and penang curry
1_star We had a bad experience at the restaurant. We ordered fried rice and their country curry; the fried rice came out 10 minutes before the curry and it got cold, the servers did not check up on us to inform us about our curry dish or even help to improve our experience, and the country curry was not prepared up to its usual standard. As we were leaving the restaurant, the owner was standing at the register and counting cash, and he did not acknowledge our complaints. There are better Thai restaurants all around town that maintain a standard of service and this restaurant did not have it.
2_star Came here hoping for a relaxing Mothers Day dinner. The only relaxing part was being able to sit on the beautiful patio. The staff seemed either exhausted or apathetic. Either way, we waited to be seated for 25 minutes while tables were empty but uncleared from earlier parties. We had 5 people with us. One meal came out steaming hot ; the others came out cold. It seemed as if 4 of the dishes must have sat out while the 5th was prepared. The house margarita was ok but not great. We will go to our favorite southwestern restaurant in the Southpark area next time.
1_star Ok, the pho was not bad tasting at all. It was actually ok however 2 hours after I ate it I experienced dizziness and got nauseated and ill! I threw up all the food that I ate from that place. I do not now what that happened but it happened to me. The food was not bad and the waiter barely understood English. I cannot recommend this place after it made me so ill. I do not wish it on anyone. Be warned.
4_star Overall, a great place to eat. However, the one negative on JT Walkers is they serve THE WEAKEST mixed drinks we have ever had. I seriously wonder if they even put alcohol in them. We have experienced this on numerous occasions, both in the main dining room and upstairs with a number of different bartenders. Its discouraging to pay $6+ for a drink and get syrup and flavored fillers. On the positive side, they have expanded their craft beer selection and have a very nice selection both draft and bottle. They also have a great appetizer selection and all are excellent. Their entree selection is fair and needs rotated. However, we have been pleased with the quality and quantity of food we have had. If JT would take a lesson from Boltini's and serve a quality mixed drink he would deserve a 5-star rating.
2_star We came here on our first night for dinner and while the service was excellent, the food was just OK. It's not that it was bad it was just not that exciting, I guess I expected more out of a Vegas restaurant. The shrimp with the rice noodles were HUGE but a little stringy and the salmon was a little strong tasting but the seafood dumplings were yummy. The dessert, some molten chocolate thing was dry and the ice cream with it too hard, we kept banging the plate with our spoons and it was flipping all over the place (is that too nit-picky?? if so, ignore!)! Sidebar, don't you feel like molten chocolate cakes are over now? I mean you can buy these at the store already made and just microwave them, think up another way to serve chocolate cake already!! (ignore also the fact that we ordered it!) A friend I was with was very impressed that the moment he "looked" like he needed service, he got it, so that was a plus. Overall a decent place, I just wouldn't recommend it since there are so many other places to go.
3_star No one is friendly, including the owner. Service is slow. Food is very plain, bland. Food was mediocre. Even the toast was mediocre. Our waitress was pretty good. The cinnamon roll was good. My husband liked his omelette. It is very loud.
2_star I decided to try this place out when I was told Penguins was closed and this was the next best thing. Long story short, I've had better. I wanted to get the whole experience in one order so I ordered chicken tenders, fries, fried pickles, and a burger. Chicken was NOT seasoned well at all. They were little balls of some sort. The fries were ok. I rather have McDonalds. Fried pickels=delish. Burger=ok. Have not been back since then, nor do I plan on going. Especially since I found out Penguin is open! The decor and ambiance was nice, and the hostess was cool too. The food just wasn't up to par for me.
2_star Not good. We arrived at 7:40pm on a Saturday night, typically right in the middle of the dinner hour, and half the tables had the chairs put up as they were preparing for closing. I got a #3 combo and two of the three items were cold as well as the rice. My gf's carne asada burrito was cold also, so they remade it, and it still wasn't very hot. No guac was on the burrito, just meat and a little pico. The chips were not good at all, they had a chemical taste. How do you mess up chips???? We will not be returning. I would put this on the same level with Filiberto's. Stick with Ajo Al's for mexican food, at least it's served hot.
4_star This place is great to meet up with friends or getting some work done. Loads of boba, tea drinks to pick from. The food is also pretty good like the beef noodle soup infused with tea. I really like the premium jasmine tea with hints of green tea and taro coconut slush!
1_star DISGUSTING!! What a nasty McDonalds! The bathrooms were filthy with no toilet paper. Waited a ridiculously long time for a Jalapeno Double burger which was so gross I threw the majority of it in the trash. It was cold and the slice of processed cheese they slopped on there was not even close to melted. Yuck! Yuck! Yuck!
4_star Delicious and authentic Peruvian meals that transported me back to my time in Peru. Very friendly warm staff who speak Spanish or English and help me with my terrible Spanish. The lunch buffet is fresh and warm. I'll be back many more times.
2_star No beers on tap. $12 appetizers... rude at front. I couldn't bring myself to order anything. It was pretty outside. Definitely a "first date"-kind of place. I just wanted good food and atmosphere at a decent price price. Not here.
1_star Reading all the reviews of the hotel, seems like a lot of people had similar if not a worst experience... I'm adding to this review in hopes that whoever owns this place, that they please read the reviews and see all the pictures posted and possibly make some changes. These room are barely in livable condition. I get that it was the cheapest near strip however, this hotel should not charge clients a "a resort fee". We had 3 different rooms until one was barely ok. Everything from the floor, to the bathroom to the bed's were absolutely disgusting. I can not belive even at the power price how unkempt this hotel is. I didn't post any pics but please look at the pics on this Yelp. The first room: we finally were about to get into bed, we peel off the covers and there about 12oz of coffee tucked in the sheets. So whoever did that, actually is proving that the maid does not do their job of changing g sheets before the next... Second room: the door to the balcony would not close, it was loud n cold. Third room: just plain disgusting. Their were bed bugs in one of the beds. The bathroom was worse than a gas station bathroom. The shower tub was beyond dirty. This should be last resort for anyone to stay there. Again price fits, but then they get you with a resort fee. STAY AWAY!!
1_star 5 dollars for a side of chicken kebab. That comes down to 1.25 for a 1 inch by 1 inch piece Of chicken ( photo is in the photo section). I was really hoping to like this place since it's so close and I don't have to drive to 67th Ave. and Happy Valley for Ammos since I am right around the corner from this place. Food was bland and when I asked why the chicken was so expensive, she said it's because it is marinated .
3_star Food was OK. I ordered the Baked Mac and Cheese dinner and it was super oily, a bit on the bland side of taste. The whole dinner tasted super oily. And I guess their business hours changed on Saturday, menu stated it was 11Am/9Pm - The woman on the phone while exceptionally polite corrected me and said it was 8 PM. Will I order from this location again - maybe. Just not the Mac and Cheese dinner.
1_star Unfathomably disgusting burgers on both occasions I gave them a try. I don't understand what all the hype is about. The first time I went, I got a burger. I don't recall which type. It tasted like whatever charred material was stuck to the grill. I couldn't take more than two bites. The burger literally tasted like whatever was burned onto the underside of a grill. Soot and a not-quite-right meaty flavor. Since I had a gift card, I decided to give them one more try, because hey, everyone's entitled to a bad day once in a while. I regret this decision. I got a burger with some sort of basil cream cheese on it. Again, the burger tasted like the burnt underside of a grill. Absolutely, positively, the most disgusting burger I have ever had. The toppings were fine; the burger was crap. I had a side of fries. They probably would've been good if they weren't cold. A little overseasoned if anything. A burger almost anywhere else is guaranteed to be better.
3_star Went there for dinner with friend. Overall nothing really stood out don't get me wrong the good isn't bad but I would say its a just above average. For those of you that like to play the horses its a nice upscale experience compared to the track
2_star Not really impressed. I ordered bacon pancakes...right... they had jalapeno bacon in them and not just a little. There was too much to finish. If that was the way they served them they should have said so. Server apologized that everything took so long and then disappeared. I finally went up and got more coffee myself. They did not appear that busy and there were 3 servers on but everyone got crappy service as far as I could see. Maybe they have another dining room I don't know about that they all went to. When I complained about the jalapenos (she should have asked why I only ate half) she took it off the bill. The manager never came out, no one said anything when I got up to get more coffee. They might need to hire more help.
3_star Their food is usually good. The customer service from the employees behind the counters is always going to be an experience; whether good, attentive, distracted, rude, friendly or confused. Drivers are always friendly. I've been lucky the delivery God's were smiling down on me because I live LITERALLY 1 block north out of their delivery area, but they still delivered! that was awesome! Decent food (cheese bread, the bomb!), no hassle cooking, convenient and decent delivery times. Well my luck tonight has changed, I am saddened by the loss of the delivery to my address. You will be missed, unless I am in the area.
5_star Love this place! Great food & Great Service! Our waitress, Manda D, was awesome! Thank you for a great experience on our first time! Will be going back!
3_star The food here is actually decent, but nothing to gloat about. If im in the area and craving filipino food i'll drop in sometimes. I awayse get there chicken curry and mung bean stew, it alwayse hit the spot! Ive tried many of there other dishes, some is good and some is bad, but for some reason i alwayse end up ordering the same thing haha. The Service is ok, typical of any asian restaurant haha. The best part about Kapit is probably the parking lolz theres plenty of it. I would love to rate kapit bahay alittle higher but they need to change up there menue alittle more. I remember coming here a few days in a roll and the menue was the same, after awhile you get kinda burned out haha. Overall, Food is decent, service is ok but parking is great! Haha
1_star Good portion of food, found it bland Chicken was undercooked. Service was dismal. Won't be back.
5_star Awesome joint in Chinatown Montreal, of all places. Extremely friendly and willing staff that takes care of you. Food is outstanding! We had the ribeye tacos, the carnitas tacos, and the battered shrimp tacos, along with a pulled pork quesadilla to share. Find this great little spot and enjoy.
2_star Tacos were very small and pricey for what they were. I enjoy to have a nice craft beer with dinner and they have a bunch...but they charge too much for the beers as well. Good food, good beers, way over priced.
3_star Came here for lunch a few months back with my lady and ordered a soda plus one water from the lady waitress, up comes another person shortly with our soda plus one water asking where to place them, I reply either side is fine. The soda lands on her side and the water on mine, I switch them around and back comes the waiter asking me why I didn't tell him where to correctly put the drinks, not a big deal but the lady waitress had to come back butt in and say it's all right wherever the drinks landed while we just kinda sat there.... Oh my sandwich and the pasta was pretty good though
1_star Horrible horrible horrible and that is the nicest words I can use. Arrived for lunch and we ordered al a carte burritos. First issue, it took over an hour and 20 min to even receive our food. Then second issue, we cut into or burritos and they are ice cold as though they took the beans, cheese, and steak rifht out of a bag and rolled it into the tortilla. After bringing this to the attention of our waiter he just takes the plates and walks away. Then, we are given our bills which charged over 13 dollars for an al a carte burrito. Wth?? So we ask for a Manger as the manager approaches we are scolded by him and basically made out to be cheap skates in front of everyone and are told we are ignorant of we think cheese should always be melted. Absolutely horrible. Horrible food, horrible manager, and way way over priced do not waste your time.
3_star Bacchanal -- IMHO -- rates a solid Meh (or three stars). Part of that may just be my problems with buffets. I don't enjoy overeating and hate to see food wasted -- which it is by the plateful here. Does it represent good value for the money? If you're eating breakfast or lunch, the price is much more reasonable than dinner. And it seems to be pretty easy to get in at those times (zero wait for me at 11am on a weekday) so you save on the added cost of excessive waits that others have written about here. Service on my visit was friendly and prompt. No complaints there. Bacchanal is probably a good bet for the chronically undecided, those with fussy children, or those with enormous appetites. Otherwise, I think you're better off spending a few moments thinking about what you'd like to eat and seeking that out at one of the multitude of places on the strip. You'll probably pay less and have an all around better experience.
2_star Went in with high expectation and left dissatisfied. Ordered the Beni-Hana (9pieces of nigiri, spicy tuna and tempura) miso soup and a volcano roll with a side of avocado. 1) they charge $2.00 extra for the teeny tiny avocado pieces on the side 2) The service was terrible. Our order wasn't complete and when we asked for a side of fresh wasabi, it never came around. 3) The sushi grade was okay.... Definitely not a 4/5 star restaurant. I will continue my hunt for the best sushi spot in Phoenix
5_star Amazing steaks! Can't wait to go back! Awesome place but a little pricey! Pricey but worth it.
4_star This place is great. Very healthy and you can grab some juice to take home with you. I had the split pea soup special and a salad along with the gluten free cashew cookie. Everything was very good and the service was excellent even though it was very busy that night.
1_star After reading a description of this restaurant in the newspaper, I was very excited to take my mother, daughters, and sister for brunch. We were all very disappointed in both the food and the service. It took an hour to get our food. My sister and I both ordered a medium rare cheeseburger that came out well done and dry. The burgers had no sauce, and were mediocre. My mother ordered pancakes, and they were rather dense and tasteless. We agreed that none of us will be returning to this restaurant.
2_star The idea of Pita Pit is great. Healthy, tasty options very conveniently located on the corner of state street. The food is great but the service is next to awful. The workers seem confused and very spacey, and it's not just one or two specific workers, it's all of them. I don't know why it would take close to 15 minutes to get two people through the line with only two other people in front of them. Good food but poor service!
5_star This place is a gem. The fish is always fresh and the owner is always here checking on the customers personally. He is one of the nicest restaurant owners and people you will ever meet. There is an all you can eat option and a la carte. They have very high end fish and Kobe beef as well as more entry level priced options. If you are craving some exotic fish he will order it in for you. We have been here 5 times now and it never disappoints.
5_star My favorite place for fast Mexican food in Oakland. Love that they are actually open past 10 unlike most places on Forbes. Staff is always friendly and the student discounts also make it great!
1_star We've always heard of this chain, but unfortunately never had the chance to try it. We decide to stop in for lunch on Monday. When we first walked in, we were greeted by a young lady who had an attitude. She looked annoyed with her job and it pushed over to us. She asked if we wanted a booth or table and we requested a booth. She took us over to the booths and wanted to seat us in the middle of 5 booths which were all full. I requested if we could move farther away from the other diners as we like a more a quieter place to enjoy our meals. It took over 10 minutes for our server , Makayla, to show up and ask for our drink orders. It took her another 10 minutes to bring back our drinks. One of us had some coffee and was told that she was going to bring us back some sugar and waited and waited until finally I had to remind her to which she admitted she completely forgot about. She then asked if we were ready for our food orders. We opted for the Oriental Salad and two house burgers. She asked if we wanted our burgers slightly pink and we both agreed. It took a little over 35 minutes to get our food over to our table. When we got our food, the burgers were splattered on the plates with no lettuce, tomato, onions etc. only cheese and a deformed burger. We requested the additional toppings and she brought them over pretty quick. The burger was disgusting. It was bland with no flavor at all. The bun was soggy and the cheese was stale and slightly melted. The only reason they're getting a one star is because it won't let me do 0 stars and because the salad was decent. As we sat there trying to eat this horrendous food, we never saw Makayla again. We saw her again when she took over our bill and quickly bolted away never asking how our food was or if we need some more drinks. This is definitely the last time I ever eat at one of these chains again! The service was horrible and the food was even worse!
5_star Always a great steak but tonight I'm having the burger and onion bloom. With a cold beer of course. I got the app 365 on my phone so Tuesdays free onion bloom....or whatever they call it. Very attentive staff so far. Really tasty onion. Really impressed with the burger its best I've had in awhile.
4_star I made reservations here for a birthday party, they were very accommodating to the 12 of us. The food was excellent and prompt as always and the service was fantastic! The waitresses/waiters that served us were super nice and the manager was just amazing. They even gave me a complementary brownie for my birthday. This is great place for a quiet dinner or a big party!
5_star The food is amazing, no other pizza can compare, we eat it every Sat, for lunch . Ed the owner has owned the VZ for 28 years and still is there everyday serving up the food , Smells delicious when you walk in the doors.
2_star Great food and awesome drinks. Waited over 45 minutes for checks and they were wrong. Lost seating in the cigar bar. Don't go with a group over 2.5 people.
2_star Definitely nothing to write home about. Generic Italian food. Pizza crust wasn't bad, but the pastas we had were on the gummy side. Also the Mozzarella Carrozza appetizer was nothing more than deep fried grilled cheese sandwich. Tomato sauce tasted like canned tomatoes heated up. Lame.
5_star Very good food! (I've eaten almost everything here seeing as I live within walking distance)The cold sandwiches have A LOT of meat on them, almost to much. I usually have to take so much off that I could make another sandwich. If you are on a diet or want something lighter get the steak salad. It may sound weird if you read it off the menu but it's Delish! Oh, and of course, the Philly cheese steaks are pretty unique and gooooood :)
1_star If you're going to open a brewpub you need three absolutes. Good beer, fish and chips, and a decent handmade pub burger. This place has nasty beer, no fish, and horrible hamburgers!! Nice place with shiny beer equipment, HOWEVER, this place just sucks!! Service was great, management was clueless. If you order a Hop Dog IPA, it damn sure better have some hops in it!! Make YOUR OWN hamburger patties!! Preformed frozen patties are an embarrassment to your location. Either get it right or get out of the way and make room for somebody who can do it better. All in all, skip it and go get a slice at Vimcents!!
5_star Great sandwiches ~ subs. The freshest ingredients and an awesome variety of hot sauces to try. The kids have fun mixing up their own soda flavors.
5_star We went on a sunny saturday afternoon, very pleasantly surprised. Pasta, salad, and toast were excellent - felt like chef put great care into food. The coffee was really great. Staff was friendly and helpful. They explained that their establishment is related to a café in Rome - then it all made sense why the food at this quaint little café was delicious. Will definitely return again. Strange location, but really worth seeking out.
4_star A friend and I stopped here for a late night snack and beer. There were so many options that we were a little overwhelmed at first. We ended up getting the portobello mushroom sandwich. It was extremely savory and the perfect amount of food! I would definitely recommend coming here if you are with a large group full of different taste buds. Seating is available inside and out.
3_star I got for Monday and friday lunch deals, food is good but the service is very very slow. It can take put to 25 to 30 min to get lunch meal
3_star My friend was in the mood for Mexican food so we decided to wander into El Segundo Sol. We really like the ambiance of this place. The food was surprisingly better than we expected. She got a vegetarian taco plate and I got a pulled pork taco plate. My pulled pork was not what I was expecting, but I thought it was okay. The service here was lacking though. Our waiter brought us chips and salsa even though we said we didn't want any when he asked. And then he insisted that we had ordered it. Of course he had to take it back, and we felt a little bad but we could noticeably tell that he was annoyed at us. He was overly attentive though. He kept on filing my glass of water even though the pitcher of water was on the table. And he kept on coming by to ask us, "do you have everything you need right now?" often interrupting our conversation. On the whole I think if you're in the mood for slightly expensive Mexican food (about $15 a plate) then this place is worth checking out. But I probably won't be back here until after I've checked out all the other places on the strip.
4_star I used to live in the area and order from here often. I love the menu and while it can be a little slow to get your food sometimes the atmosphere is great and staff and chefs are very friendly. The cuts are great and fresh, rolls are neat and beautiful. Everything I've ordered from here has been delicious. Worth stopping in if you love sushi!
2_star First time I went in the spring it was just the best on the roof bar. Went again in July and it was packed, roof was closed for a private event and service was sub standard. It put me in a bad mood. Probably my last visit.
2_star They don't have fries anymore! Need I say more? We had no idea they had changed the name of the restaurant. We were afraid walked in that the the whole menu was different as well. That was not completely the case. The food was somewhat the same. Sliders are now just sliders with chips instead of fries and lettuce,tomato, pickle. We didn't like the fact that we had to get up and get everything ourselves. Drinks,silverware, condiments, and napkins. As a busy mom that was expecting to get served in a restaurant, I was highly disappointed that I had to do all this myself. I could have just stayed home and saved the money! Sorry but I won't be returning here. This farm to table idea is bull. It's the same food just scaled down. I felt jipped!
1_star The menu as changed! Sadly, I can here based on yelps pictures of lobster Mac & cheese and the fried pork bites, but the menu has changed and these dishes are no longer offered.... So sad... Nothing on their new menu looked appetizing nor uniquely appealing. 7:42 pm on a Friday evening and the place is empty.
5_star The best cinnamon rolls ever also great selection of wine and beer. I go here at least 2 -3 times a week for coffee and pastries and the occasional 6 pack of my favorite beer .i love this place Thank you Erin & husband for opening a great place in central Phoenix. .
3_star Probably the only Pho place in the Northwest side of town. Wish they could build more since this place isn't the friendliest. Even though I have been here several times, I have always ordered to-go and every time I come by they never say "Hi or Bye or Thank you or not even a Come again." But I do come back since I don't want to drive to Chinatown. Okay now to the food...I usually order the Pho with rare steak and with extra tripe for $7.95 and the spring rolls with the peanut sauce is probably my favorite at this place. As for the Chinese food I would rate it as A-O-K, I've had better. I would only recommend this place if you really don't want to drive to Chinatown and your better off ordering to go.
3_star I was hoping I would be getting authentic Mexican cuisine. This place is another Summerlin hangout for white people who don't mind over paying for rice and beans. The settings throughout the restaurant are great. The staff is well educated about the menu. This entire place is all show and no go. I guess my expectations were too high.
1_star Why were you closed today?. It's Tuesday and it's 4:30pm. I was looking forward to trying this place
4_star Gosh... Maybe it was because it was a Friday evening, but it was PACKED. Though we quickly got seated in the corner bench, we actually had to put our hands high up just to catch their attention. I swear, if we never spoke up, they would of just ignored us until closing time. However, the food was still amazing, I just recommend to go on a weeknight or when there's nobody there.
1_star Wow. What poor service. Twice I have had a nightmare trying to get food from this place. Aside from the fact that the food from here is generally average and fully of butter and oil, I ordered Chicken Malai one time, luckily I tasted it before feeding it to my daughter because it was Vindaloo. Just today I ordered Chicken Madras, a "2 out of 10" spiciness. Again, thankfully I tasted it before I gave it to my daughter because it burned like crazy. I love spicy food. I make my own hot sauce and I put Sriracha on almost everything! This was so hot. If I had fed it to my daughter she would have cried all night. The best part is that I brought the food back to the restaurant. The owner or manager actually tasted my food with a spoon (who does that?) and told me "This is not spicy! It is Indian food!" Stay away from here unless you want food that puts you in a coma or if you want food that is not what you ordered!
1_star Barros actually has some of my favorite pizza but I won't order from this location again. My husband and I ordered a pizza and some wings on Sunday and were quoted 45 minutes to an hour for delivery. The girl on the phone corrected herself right before we hung up and said "it may be a little over an hour, we are really busy"- I said no problem. An hour and a half later I called to check the status of our order and was told that it hadn't even been made yet. The manager asked if I was quoted 2 hours to which I answered no and told her we were quoted "a little over an hour". She proceeded to apologize and tell me that our delivery would likely be another 45 minutes before arrival! That's 2 hours and 15 minutes for a pizza and wings...no thank you! We cancelled our order. Now a few days later the charges are still on my account. I'm annoyed with the whole thing probably more so because I'm 7 months pregnant and my patience is low. I was very surprised that we weren't even offered as much as a coupon for our next visit. Just poor customer service all around...we will find a new "go to" pizza place.
3_star pizza is pretty decent but why did you stop serving deep dish!? staff is pretty average, nothing extraordinary that's for sure.
4_star I had a really good lunch here today. The steak special was a sirloin served with crab risotto that had real chunks of crab. The sweet potato fries were nice and crispy, some of the best I've ever had. The blueberry bread pudding for dessert was lovely, and my lunch date, who has recently lost some weight but has a Friday cheat day, ordered it with a scoop of vanilla ice cream that turned out to be three fantastic, house-made scoops of deliciousness. Service was good as well (if a bit of a downtown cliche: beautiful 22 year olds in Lulu Lemon tank tops). It's a nice, high-ceilinged space with good downtown people-watching.
5_star The best fish and chips in Toronto. Nice service and the nice owner lady is always walking around. My parents - in their 80s - loves the place and food as does my 3 year old granddaughter. Food is always consistent excellent.
1_star we ordered food that took over two hours to be delivered.When it got here,it was cold.The samosa was very salty,the lamb biriani was absolutely disgusting,I only managed two bites before dumping it,the flavour was awful,the meat tasted old,and the rice was clumpy.it all tasted like stale,about to expire food.i also tried the Masala dosa,it was overly spiced,dry and the chutneys they provided tasted so bad.Our entire meal,including starters and soups,as well as entrées,ended up in the trash. I have eaten south Asian food before and I am familiar with the cooking,this was absolutely the worst food I have had,disgusting,bland and smelly in a bad,not good way,food.i will never eat here and spend over $50 for food that ended up in the trash.we went to McDonald's for dinner.
3_star Was it just me and the particular day that I went to Ox & Angela? Almost everything I ordered was beyond salty and we couldn't finish any of the dishes because of it. Great service though. And the churros. they are to die for.
1_star Save your money. If you like frozen hamburger patties and unseasoned onion rings give it a try. Will not be returning.
4_star My favorite part were the mojitos. It was Friday night so I tried 3 flavors! ;) vegan selection was reasonable! I really enjoyed the sweet potato tacos and hearts of palm salad, but I was more impressed by the mojitos. The ambience was very nice but felt a little too commercial upscale dining, whereas I prefer more unique, never-been before, but can still be accepted in my yoga pants.
2_star The worse burgers I have ever had. I ordered a hamburger with everything on it except I asked for no onions because I am allergic to them. They brought it with the onions. Then I waited for 10 minutes for the waitress to come to my table...but she never did. Finally asked another waitress to help. She took the 1st order back and brought me another one without the onions. No flavor what so ever. Well, the original waitress never came back. I did not take another bite of the hamburger. They never apologized and they still charged my husband and I an arm and a leg. Waitress are very rude. Will never eat there again, thats for sure. I rather eat a burger at in and out or burger king....much better flavor and less expensive.
5_star Visited last night for my birthday and it did not disappoint. We had a group of seven and tried practically everything! We tried several appetizers: the Escarole, Beans and Sausage and Cauliflower, ricotta, pine nuts and pesto being two of my favorites. For dinner I had the Tripoline pasta. Incredible. Buttery, with Parmesan cheese and roasted vegetables. I highly recommend. The night ended with Tiramisu and Zeppoles. Service was fantastic - attentive and knowledgeable. Ask for Nicole! Other items we ordered: Appetizers: Bread and oil, house marinaded olives, Mellon and Prosciutto Entrees: Cacio e Pepe, Chanterelle Mushroom Carbonara, Squid ink spaghetti, Steak Florentine
4_star Tried the benedict with tofu bacon replacement. Was tasty -and I am picky about benedicts-. Potatoe latkes were good. The caramel/pretzel was tasty as well. The mango cold rolls were good. Meat muffins were not and a bit messy to eat. Nice decor. Loved the service. They tend to try new things or change some items in certain dishes from time to time which is refreshing.
1_star Went to Wally's last night and all I can say is YIKES!!!!! The biggest disappointment I've experienced in a long time. What used to be this hidden gem, with the comfort of home vibe with perfectly cooked home cooked food and staff that treated you like family has now become just like every other restaurant in Scottsdale. Way over priced for poor quality of food, staff that doesn't care anymore, management that doesn't care anymore. My favorite waitress is gone, which I guess is no surprise seeing what the owner Chris did to this place. If I wanted to eat at Grassroots or Twisted Grove then I would drive a few blocks down and eat there. Wally's was something amazing, something special that is so hard to find in a restaurant these days.Now, it's ruined, now is disgusting, now it's a complete waste of your time and hard earned money. Don't bother trying it out, trust me. I will not be back to this one. I would much rather drive to the other location on Camelback that has remained the old Wally's. Way worth the drive.
5_star Well Sarah & I are at it again! #Chipotle this time! "Shout-out" to Corey, (the handsome manager) for selfie-inggg w/us & treating us to lunch! Corey! You're the bomb! Friendly staff, so welcoming & kind!
4_star Kaizen isn't cheap. It's not sushi genius or the best thing you've ever eaten. It's just really good fresh fish served till the wee hours of the morning so in my book thats pretty sweet. When I first moved to town from New York and had no car. I lived in the ghetto area just north and would walk the 15 minutes in blistering heat for the sushi. Well that and check out the boobs across the street at the hard cock. Worked for me.
4_star One of my favorite drunk foods on campus. The BBQ chicken bacon ranch pizza is by far my favorite, especially when they have the thicker Sicilian style. Also really good is the honey mustard chicken. The mac n cheese pizza is a favorite among many of my friends but to me it's too buttery to really taste right. The long line at 2 am is kind of rough, but definitely worth it.
4_star nice place. They had a great guitar player that we listened to while having a drink for my wife's birthday.
3_star Food: 3/5 Service: 3.5/5 Atmosphere: 4/5 Cleanliness: 3.5/5 Price: $ Montreal has one of the best cafe scenes in North America in my humble opinion. The island city (yes, Montreal is an island - bet you didn't know that!) always has new cafes sprouting up, and when Tommy Cafe first opened a few years back, it definitely became one of my favourite spots in Old Montreal. Hubby and I visited the cafe during date night before heading over for dinner at Bonaparte a few blocks down. You can read my review on their tasting menu here. Anyway, Tommy Cafe is in a historical building, so it has many features of the old classical architecture left which gives it a lot of character. What took my heart away was the ceiling. Definitely one of the hottest instagram-worthy spots in the cafe! With classical architecture, hip interior decor, and fresh plants hanging off the ceiling, there wasn't anything that I didn't like about the cafe! Onto the important stuff: the caffeinated drinks and food. The coffee was okay- to be honest, nothing too extraordinarily good or special that left hubby or me wanting to come back for more. The cafe itself was very nice and its vibes drew us to the cafe more so than the coffee. Though we didn't have food at Tommy Cafe that day, I went back by myself on another occasion to get some work done and I ordered a sandwich to try with my coffee. I had lunch here that day. First, I found the sandwich to be a little oily but that was okay-I didn't mind too much. Again, the food wasn't anything fancy or special... it was a pretty plain sandwich that met my hunger needs. I definitely recommend the coffee more than the food at Tommy Cafe. Though Tommy Cafe has a killer vibe, being in a historic building and all, the actual coffee and food can use some improvement. Tommy Cafe is a nice cafe to stop by to get some work done, to grab a bite to eat, or for catching up with a friend. It's definitely a great place to stop by if you're touring Old Montreal, but it isn't the best place to come for the 'best' coffee in the city, so if you're a coffee drinker that takes coffee pretty seriously, this place will probably wouldn't please you the most in that department. I'd still come to get my daily fix of caffeine and take a nice Instagram picture though.
4_star Pretty good place. Love the salad! Went there too early today around 5:20. We were the only one sat upstairs. The downside is the window can't be open. Service is good as well. Worth to try!
1_star I really wish the young kid would stop greeting me by saying: Are you ready to order. What happened to "Welcome to McDonald's can I take your order?" They never answer on time. No car will be infront of you. However, you have to say hello really loud just for someone to say: Are you ready to order.
2_star Tee Pee as a whole had nice staff. The reason for my low rating is solely based on food preference. I am born and raised Californian Hispanic, I know Mexican food. However I would not define this as authentic or even good. Specific Items that I was extremely disappointed with were the tacos (taco shells should definitely be more authentic tasting not taste store bought), rice was under cooked and not sure what the seasoning was but is was no Spanish or hispanic style rice. Enchiladas were sauceless and we're just cover with cheese (Most of the plate was). Tortillas were very flour tasting not corn. Salsa tasted like pace picante hot salsa. I would relate this as a lower quality Don Jose's.
1_star Not the great Astoria it used to be. Dry garlic bread ($1) Burnt bland pork souvlaki ($17) Salmon and shrimp ($21) served in a desolate plate that looked like jail food. Salad that was depressingly stale. But the worst part of this sad disappointment is that we were served left over food (some potatoes had bite marks!!) and the server dismissed the concerns saying some pieces were cut by hand and that the sauce gave it the bite off shape!! Overall, left over food or not the point is that for $60 I expected more. Quality and portions were worse than food court meals that you usually get for less than $20. Don't recommend the food. But most importantly can't recommend a place where there is risk of left over food being re-served.
4_star Nacho Daddy...I've tried you again and again and you have not let me down. In my initial review I was sad for the poor starving children and the wastefulness of the portions you serve. I've now learned "how" to order off of your menu so I don't leave feeling less like a human because of my gluttonous ways. Your bloody Mary's are amazing, but the Medium gave me enough kick without adding the habanero. Half medium half mild suits my tastes (even though I always thought I could handle a kick). We love everything your restaurant has to offer for a quick bite after a long day wrangling cats (I mean kids), from the brunch menu (huevos nachos LOVE...but share), fajitas, mahi mahi tacos, ceviche, chips and salsa...oh and yes my margarita is always amazing.
4_star Great burger and very fun options. I had the Shafts Blue Cheese burger and it was very good. The bun was a bit small, which threw off the burger to bun ratio. Server was prompt and ready to refill the tasty ice tea. Side note, they don't serve the fries with the burger. I get that they are trying to be fancy with the fries, but if the fries are regular fries then who cares? Also skimpy on the fry sauce. The onion rings looked great.
3_star I would love them soooo mch more if they took reservations! Seriously guys - open up some extra space (buy upstairs) and reach your potential! So may people waiting soooo long :( Minus the wait - great place!
3_star first time here, the environment is nice, and looks clean. Dinner AYCE is $16+ pp, the meat selection is ok, but not a lot, however all meat is marinated in the same way, so taste the same. and the quality of the meat is not impressed. no traditional korean pesto available, and the side dish does not even close to the standard. I feel its not exactly a korean grill if the pesto and side dish is not right, it is more a AYCE grill. another problem is they don't change the grill plate unless customer ask. the bright side is the service is not bad, especially their young staffs. we got what we asked pretty quickly.
5_star Great News.... Oregano's reached out to me and apologized for the terrible service and encouraged me to try the Mesa location once more. I decided to try again yesterday for dinner and what a difference. People were friendly, engaging and overall our party was very happy with the service. They seemed to really care that we chose to come into their restaurant. I am changing my previous 2 stars to 5. It was really that much better! Way to go! I am a fan again! Below is my previous post --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- This is the 2nd time I have been to this location where the service was not good. I know they can do better and the training is better than this, since I used to work for Oregano's. The first time was a month or so ago, but I chalked that up to the place just having a bad night. I know they happen. I went back again a few days ago with some friends but the service was just the same; slow, kinda rude, and un-attentive. The experience started when we showed up with a 25 min wait on a Friday night (which i know is common), no big deal. We got some drinks at the bar, and sat in the waiting area. Then I decided I would grab an appetizer for our group. I walked up to the hostess/togo counter to order and pay for it and the to-go girl started to ring me up with no problems. Awesome...right?? NO, the manager (I know she was the manager, because she was wearing black) stopped her mid transaction and asked me to step to the other side of the counter to order with an actual server. My thoughts.... OK fine, whatever. The problem was the tone and that she said "no she can't help you, she has to help you over there" and pointed to an actual server on the other side of the counter. So I walked and had to wait until she was done putting in another order, after a few min she was able to help me. I get it, they are busy, but what was wrong with the to-go counter taking an order? Especially since there was no wait and she was not on the phone. That was off-putting. I say this because I know better, I know Oregano's trains better than this. Moving on to dinner. Since we already had drinks from the bar, I guess your server decided we didn't need any refills the rest of the night, even after waiting 45 min to get our food. We didn't order anything that takes a while (2 pasta dishes and a sausage sandwich), the kitchen was not slammed, since it was 9pm with several empty tables. Basically I had no drink for my dinner. We saw our server a total of 3 times. Once to take our order, 50 min later to see how the food was, and last to drop the check. As we were leaving the manager was giving a half-assed apology to another table for the abnormal amount of time things took, and honestly we were there MUCH longer than them. The disappointing part is that I love Oregano's and I talk it up all the time. But this was a real let down.
2_star We were really disappointed for the food here, we tried 4 dishes none of them made me wanna come again. the lamb kabab was chewy and dry, so were the kidneys. the lamb noodle soup was okay but the noodle tasted just like packaged noodle that bought from store. the other handmade noodle had uneven thickness and some thicker pieces were still raw in the center...plus i had to use saltshake for everything!! normally i am the one complian the food was too salty, but today i found everything was tasteless... plus we waited 10minutes for water, 40 minutes for the first noodle soup...certainly not worth it
5_star Alright, so I may be biased but this has been my favorite place to eat for at least the past 20 years of my life. I used to travel full time for my job so I've been to several locations across the country; Chicago, Southfield (MI) Toledo, San Diego, Dallas, Atlanta, Aventura (FL), Ft. Lauderdale, Miami, Jacksonville and my hands down favorite Boca Raton! I've been ordering the same thing for all these years, bacon and eggs with pancakes. Now these pancakes aren't your ordinary tasting pancakes. They melt in your mouth and every time you take a bite a slight moan of delight escapes your lips. Although the portion sizes may vary from one location to the next (The Boca Raton location is my fav because the pancakes were the size of a large plate!) but the pancakes always taste the same. The prices are a bit higher than typical breakfast spots like IHOP and Denny's but trust me it's well worth it. Hey, don't take my word, try it for yourself and you will definitely become a believer. You won't look at any other pancake the same!
5_star We went to Bahama Breeze to celebrate my Son and Daughter both completing their college degrees. The food was great, as we're the cocktails, but the highlight of the night was our server, Tamikah. She made our special event even more special. One of our party has dietary restrictions, and Tamikah worked with the manager to make sure her dinner was perfect, and it was. We were a large party (9) people, and each one of us we're completely happy with our meal and the evening. We are now fans of Bahama Breeze and of Tamikah!
2_star Huh not good. Nice and clean place but need lots of improvement on food. Shrimps tempura was a 1 star!
2_star I really had high hopes going into our dinner at Beckett's Table. In the end, though, I left quite underwhelmed. The food, pretty much all of it, is good enough but nothing I will remember tomorrow. My wife had the steamed white bass, the clear winner at the table. The short ribs, pork stew and vegetable plate were all passable, nothing more. The mussels were downright bad and were returned because they both smelled and tasted like they should have been thrown out a few days prior. We shared three appetizers among the 8 of us and none stood out. So much so I honestly can't remember what one of them was an hour later. Pass on the desserts -- both the coconut cake and the death by chocolate cake were dry and lacked any real flavor. Perhaps the oddest part of the meal was the service. Our server must have been a politician in a past life -- no real answers to any questions asked. If you ask which entree is better, A or B, you get a dissertation about how each is prepared and the fact that salmon has good Omega-3's. Not really what we were looking for. When we returned the mussels, we were told they were going to be "retired" from the menu for the evening, yet we saw no less than 4 orders go out afterward. The atmosphere of the restaurant itself was great. It seemed friendly and casual and is appropriate for families. The patio is nice and large with a great fireplace. I also liked the open kitchen. Unfortunately those attributes do not make up for so-so food and odd service, so we'll likely only return if we get a craving for white bass.
1_star I've taken my fair share of trips to Local over the years, weekend brunches, dinners, and some late nights here and then. Have never had a horrible experience, though can say I've never had a great one either. Service/food/prices are all average and never felt the need to leave a review. That is until this past weekend. I don't go out weekend nights in south side as I'm not a fan of the immature crowd, but it was a friends birthday so decided to go along. It was 2 am and the bar was closing, so I understand the staff is tired and wants everyone out so may yell some disrespectful things to get the people moving. But for a bouncer to aggressively push me from behind while I'm already ready walking towards the door is completely uncalled for. There was no altercation prior to this, lights came on, I waited for my friend to go bathroom, then we headed out while trying to book an uber. While leaving the staff acted like herder dogs funneling everyone to the door. The was when the bouncer pushed me from behind and through me out the door. Completely uncalled for and a reason for me to never return to this establishment
5_star Love this place. Went there on Monday night and had a blast. Food's great and they always have new seasonal beers to keep things fresh - I love the daily food specials also. The best reverse happy hour in North Scottsdale and three friendliest bar staff to boot.
1_star It must have taken years to develop a recipe for both leaden meatballs and tasteless tomato sauce as bland as the fare served here. Lacking in herbs, garlic and anything resembling flavour this "cash only" place - which doesn't even take debit cards - neither delivers value for the money spent nor a reason to return. There is not enough Parmesan cheese in Italy to redeem this stuff - not that they offer any. Avoid!
4_star Have been wanting to try it here for a while now and I was pleasantly surprised. Coffee had a great flavor to it and the lox bagel was awesome as well. My only complaint was that I wish the bagel had been a little more toasted. Other than that it was awesome
2_star I went there with my girlfriends for Sunday brunch. The coffee was absolutely HORRIBLE! much worst that the instant coffee that I make in the office. surprisingly our waitress knew that the coffee is bad, and she said it is not a good coffee, and she apologized that she could not do anything about it. I got chorizo scramble. It was OK, nothing special. and certainly not spicy enough. The grilled cheese that my friends had were greasy. The bottomless mimosas were mostly juice. One of my friends bough one regular mimosa ($7), which had a much better quality. Anyways, not impressed at all!
2_star Went in with the bf for drinks and food. Beer was decent and the food tasted very bland. Shocked because we heard so many great things!
2_star Food was good, service horrible. Drinks not refilled and our server only checked on us once. Not the anniversary celebration I had hoped for:( True testament to the fact poor service can ruin good food. We will never be back.
5_star Really tasty burgers, great selection, affordable price, clean place and good service
4_star Before Au Pain Perdu, I wasn't a fan of eating out for breakfast. I ordered the le gros t'ouef (2 eggs, bacon, ham, sausage, potatoes, beans and fruits), and it blew my mind. My taste buds died and went to heaven. Yea, that's how much I loved it. Even though they forgot my ham and beans I couldn't even be annoyed because the food was distracting me. Coffee was good, and staff was friendly. I'd give it the full 5 stars (gladly) for its food and ambiance, but the entrance/waiting area is awful. I mean, there isn't one. You walk in the door and you're standing and blocking the path to the exit/entrance and the upstairs which is so inconvenient because people are coming and going non stop, including staff who are carrying lots of food up the stairs.
5_star Loved the Nachos All the Way!! The Kenmore burger was delicious also. Our waitress was great. Great service also.
3_star A friend and I some time to kill before seeing a movie at the Scotiabank Theater so we went to Sushi Time and grabbed a bite to eat. We ordered edamame as an appetizer and a few orders of cucumber and avocado maki. Well, we got our maki first, and it was good. It was a bit on the big side and loosely wrapped, but on the bright side, the avocado and cucumber were fresh. The edamame appeared after we had finished about half of the maki. The service was friendly and we got our order quickly, but at the end of the meal we waited about ten minutes for a bill. Every moment one of the staff would go by we'd try and wave at them, but they'd come rushing past us. Overall it was okay. It's a decent spot to go before a movie, but I probably wouldn't seek it out on at any other time.
1_star Overly priced and not accommodating. My fiancé and l went there just recently and the hostess told us because there were to of us that we would have to wait 30 min. even though there were tables available- although they were saving them for parties of four. Like I said overly priced and not accommodating.
2_star The food was good. But I will never go back. I originally met up with a friend to go to Ghandis. I'd heard lots of good things about Ghandis, but I was really not prepared for how tiny the dining area was. Nowhere to sit. :( So my friend and I walked a bit east and found this place called 5th Elementt. We really wanted Indian and they had lots of empty tables, so we went inside... It's fairly nice inside, though if you look closely it's a little shoddy bit of decor, and the menu was a bit sparse, which made me wonder... was this show on Restaurant Makeover recently...? About the menu... it was sparse and completely different from the menu posted on the outside of the restaurant that made us decide to come inside. The prices on the inside menu are higher, and the choices are fewer. The waiter said, "oh, the menu on the outside is just our take-out menu." But we wanted the choices we saw on the takeout menu that weren't available on the inside menu... the waiter said we could have the items from the takeout menu, with a little snide comment, "but they are from the takeout menu." He couldn't tell us the price until we got our bill... $3 more than the price on the menu. He didn't even come by our table at all to check in. Sooooo pretentious. The food was actually tasty, but I've had better, cheaper, and larger portions. For $17 I could get a bigger entree somewhere else. Oh well, the company was good. But I shall never come back to this place and that snooty waiter.
3_star It's a Chinese restaurant in Palazzo Hotel, and close casino. Noodles is good, the rice is just okay. Not too much people in there. If you want good luck, you might go there. overall, there is an normal one, maybe I don't want go there next time.
2_star We're not going back for a long time. There was crap, bits of food and paper, of one sort or another under the tables that we could see from sitting on the patio. The tables weren't all that clean. Our waitress dropped my salad order on the ground and cleaned up only half of it. She left the rest there until half way through the meal when she came back to our table to refill our waters and I pointed it out to her. She cleaned up so little of what was still on the floor that when we left, I put my napkin down on the mess she couldn't be bothered to clean up so that we wouldn't step in it on our way out. They weren't busy this evening; she certainly had the time to clean the floor. Cleanliness isn't a priority on the patio; it makes one wonder what the kitchen is like. Not cleaning up her spill lacked courtesy and was just a bit of an insult. The food was just meh.
4_star I like the feel on the patio and the bar was pretty cool looking.The service was fast but the parking was limited. I didnt eat here but I did hang out and have drinks and chips. The chips were ok but the salsa was Fabulous! I probably had 4 bowls of it. Once again, I got my favorite Cruz Tequila Margarita. Steve behind the bar recomended it and made me a deliciouse one with gran marnier? whatever it was, it was delicious and we had 2 each at the table. I always like a place that recomends my favorite drinks! I would go back, the drinks are good and the atmosphere was nice
3_star The pizza is good, the rewards program is a joke. We have been buying pizza here for years and they have not tracked our purchases; so we have earned nothing. To add insult to injury, they forgot to put my latest order in the oven so when I arrived they had not even started.
3_star I got the lunch soup and salad combo, but the same lunch deal at Hibiscus nearby was cheaper and better-tasting. The made-to-order salad that the girl in front of me got looked really good though!
4_star This is a great little sushi place that I adore. The service is much more friendly then other places I've visited. My only complaint is it really depends on what time you go there. I went twice for lunch and wasn't as impressed as a dinner service. I def love the atmosphere and decor. *try my favourite the green dragon roll X
3_star *3.5 stars* I couldn't help but notice the sign for this place driving along Spring Mountain...cute little anime girl and a steaming bowl of ramen and the name of the joint is (surprise) Anime Ramen. This made for the perfect quick lunch spot on an errand-running Sunday. The place is tiny, but you are made to feel welcome as soon as you walk in the door. The menu is pretty simple, just a tonkotsu ramen and an order of edamame sounded ideal to me. And it was pretty damn good. Fun anime movies play along on the TV screens while Japanese pop music blasts on the speakers. All I kept thinking was how much my 16 year old nephew would enjoy this place. All in all, it's just what you would expect; an entertaining atmosphere and decent ramen.
4_star Love how they made the place with later hours.. the bulgogi and kimchi tofu soup is very tasty and packed with flavor... The atmosphere of the resto is very clean and chill. I'll for sure be going back. Very good Korean restaurant!!!
3_star It near my feieds palce so we come here once a month. It is very authentic mexican food. We shared Polls poblano it was ok but nothing as special as it sound on menu Chicken fajitas very solid , very Flavourful and not dry or iver cooked like other place. Chip and quacamole is amazing but pricy .sounds simple but most do make it that well Sat in the back . It ia nice and quiet.
1_star Walked in and some high chick tried to get me to tip her for a table. 3 girls asked me for a tip within 30 seconds in the door and not one showed us a table. Ordered a shot ski and it was about half a shot and tasted watered down. I half jokingly told the waitress that it wasn't a shot and it was weak, she immediately sicked the manager on me, manager said she would send me a free shot. The shot ended up being on the bill later. Next, the burger I got was about as thin as mcdonalds makes them. It was $15 btw. When it was time to get the bill, my (not free) shot was on someone else's ticket. After the shot ski thing the waitress was a total bitch. We didn't correct the multiple mistakes on our tickets and went somewhere else for a beer.
5_star Outstanding Southern Fried Chicken! Quality chicken, with a flavourful crispy coating. Some of the best I've ever had! Coleslaw was fresh and uniquely seasoned. Def go back!!
4_star Summary: a good wine list, some tasty food, but the atmosphere feels a bit forced sometimes (& only a small part is actually accessible for wheelchairs) The first time we visited the Vin Room, we had a gift certificate from my SIL, & were not sure what to expect. We were a bit disappointed. Although we had reservations, the table was not available when we arrived, & they expected us to stand 10 minutes while waiting. Only after my partner pointed out my cane did they offer us bar stools in the front window. That should have been automatic when you see a cane If I were rating the Vin Room on that visit alone, it would only be a 3, given that we never felt comfortable during the entire evening. Fortunately subsequent visits have been better, although not spectacular. The menu varies, including daily appetizer specials. On the last visit I found it hard to make a decent vegetarian meal from the tapa style dishes, since I had tried most of the things I could eat on my previous outing. I usually end up with a lot of cheese, & while it is of excellent quality, you can't eat like that all of the time. The wine menu is extensive, with 2 oz tastes available as well as larger servings. They will help you out putting together a tasting flight if you wish, but they don't offer preset ones, & you could easily spend a few hours there without knowing about the flight option The last server we had was great; we didn't feel rushed or uncomfortable, & his suggestions were useful & not intrusive. We didn't feel like we shouldn't be there, which, honestly, we should never feel if we are spending $150 and we aren't rowdy or rude. It is listed as an accessible restaurant, but that only covers 4 tables at the front, plus a washroom off the bar. The overwhelming majority of seating is not accessible due to stairs, plus most of the front space is actually bar height, leaving you far below your dining companions if you are in a wheelchair. If making reservations, specify you have a wheelchair in the group, or suitable tables might not be available One piece of advice to the management - if you are going to do staff pep talks about how to maximize sales, which end with "let's go sell some wine!", try keeping that behind closed doors, ok? It's extremely tacky to do that at the bar directly in front of customers.
5_star Found this place on Yelp and thought we would try. Husband and I had the brisket, kids had pulled pork have to say we were really pleased everything was very tasty (highly recommend the cheesy potatoes.) The staff were extremely friendly and we will definitely be back. So hard to find decent places to eat in the valley, love to support local business and hope this little place makes it! UPDATE! We made our second visit, I am changing my first rating of 4 stars to 5 stars! This place is probably one of the top restaurants we have been to. Staff once again was very friendly and the food was awesome! I hope they are around for a long time!
5_star So I heard this place gave out a free rose and a free desert to any mother who ate there on Mother's Day, how awesome is that ! ! ! But I absolutely love the food here at Bella, just had a slice of mushroom today, apparently you can get a slice of whatever the heck you want any time of day, but my all time favorite is the Bella Delight... Fried eggplant covered with ricotta cheese, Italian sausage, homemade marinara and mozzarella... And then they bake it. No wonder I eat here all the time.
1_star These guys at late night crew are the worst!lots of people waiting ,bunch of open tables but they still making people wait.step Up your game! The way I see it they dont Know what there doing.its frustrating to wait here.they need new managers.no sense of urgency! food is pricy!I will give one server the 5 star though.she was the only one we see that was moving fast.but the rest are of the crew are super slow.been here before but I rather go to other Ramen places.
4_star Maggiano's is a good choice. This one is located in the Fashion Show mall pretty much across the street from the the Wynn. Even though it's an outpost of a chain, they do a pretty good job with the food. The veal Marsala was a generous portion and was excellently prepared. Pastas were really good and filling. Service was friendly and competent. The restaurant was buzzing and filled with diners, which is always a good indicator. A meal here will cost you much less than at a budget buster celebrity chef restaurant and the experience will be almost as good. I'm looking forward to going back.
5_star Can I give this place like 100 stars?!?! The western atmosphere is FUN for the whole family, the food is great, you get a ton annnnnd they have fried rattlesnake (haven't tried it yet, but it is on my to-do). This is my "bring the out-of-towners" place. The views are spectacular, too!
5_star 5/24/13 (Friday of Phoenix Comic Con) I had forgotten to eat that day, so I was starving and sweating (it didn't help that I was wearing long sleeves in 100°+ weather). Not wanting to eat at any of the counter-service convention places, I looked around for somewhere that I could just sit down and relax for a little bit. I had found Kincaid's and thought that it looked good enough, and went in. There was barely anyone else there (it was like, 3:00pm) and the kind hostess quickly gave me a seat. It started out on a good note, mostly because the waiter was friendly and fun, and got me a drink quite quickly. Only a few minutes later I was served the best buttery garlic bread ever! It was all warm and... it was amazing! I decided to have the lunch special (half a sandwich and a soup/ salad) and had a turkey club with gazpacho (I love cold soups!). The sandwich had avocados, tomatoes, lettuce, mayonnaise (I think).... It was kind of a while ago, so I can't remember clearly. Anyways, both of the items were amazing! The gazpacho had a perfect balance of chunky and soupy, and the sandwich tasted so fresh! It was delicious!~ To end, I had a warm fruit cobbler, which was also really good, and obviously made with fresh fruit. I would definitely come here again.
4_star I give the pizza 3 stars but the staff is always friendly and they have amazing drink specials. $1 coronas on Thursdays. Open and delivers till 3 am.
1_star Yeah, one star. One really awful experience is all I'm basing this on. We arrived, got seated, ordered sushi. Our server took a while to pick up the sushi sheet, but no big deal; they were busy. But an hour and a half later, our order still hadn't arrived. Half of it did, after 45 minutes, but all that did was give us a sample to let us know the sushi was "okay." Not terrible, not good. The table next to us, who arrived after we did, finished their entire meal in that time. We listened as the far-too-loud music changed from "horrid '80s cliché butt-rock" to "wholly inappropriate thumping techno rave." Finally we left. The manager, to be fair, did all the right things: apologized profusely, comped all our food, begged us to come back and give them a second chance. But I'm not sure we will.
3_star Went for lunch, seemed very busy. The food was average. Perfect for "South Park tastebuds". Whatever that means, reminded me of the food you get in the fancy glass case at say, a Whole Foods, Earth Fare, or Fresh Market. Not as good or flavorful as making it yourself but it'll do and it's a short cut. I got the chipotle pork and there was not really anything chipotle about it. Dry as well. The broccoli salad is good. Wait was a bit long, but that is understandable with a busy new restaurant. We had attempted to come here one time before and they had closed before their company hours. Heard the half baked chocolate chip cookie is really good- who could hate that? Sounds like Bricktop's. (Not that Bricktop's is the inventor of a skillet cookie.) The food was missing some love. Will try again some time down the line, current visit was satisfactory. This is a convenient place for people with kids who just want to order, find a place to sit, eat and go in under 30 minutes. 20 if the kitchen is kicking ass.
4_star Good variety of craft beers with the option for beer flights. Extensive grilled cheese menu - some very creative choices. I had the Frank the Tank, and I enjoyed it very much! We plan to visit again, and I'm excited to try a different grilled cheese sandwich!
1_star It is in the same building as the Great Wall Buffet was. We went to Great Wall ONCE, and swore to never go again. After they re-opened under the new name we decided to give them another shot, and it was very good on that day (about 2 months ago). Yesterday we decided to go back, and here is the result: 1- Every symptom of a declining buffet. Barely warm meet and sides, sad looking salad bar, freezer burnt ice cream, bland food with tons of salt to compensate, the fish tasted like paper mush. 2- the service was good, our waitress was very attentive 3- priced at 13.99 a person, which is fine for a generic buffet. Unfortunately our 2nd experience was so bad that i wouldn't go there even for free
3_star Decent burgers and adequate service. The burgers were ginormous so prepare to come with an appetite. Seems like a cool concept adding new flavors and making the burgers unique. I'm not a big burger fan but if you like burgers and are in the area, check this place out.
2_star The coffee is good. WiFi sucks! I come here often because the food and drinks are great but I also come to work. I like to get school work done and I need the WiFi. They are pretty pricy. You 'd think they'd invest in better WiFi. Its a waste of time time. If you are coming to meet with a friend and chat I guess its okay. Students beware, makes more sense to go to Starbucks . at least their WiFi works
5_star I'm a big fan of this place. Pizza made and sold by a nice old couple. The pepperoni slice and a drink deal is amazingly cheap at $3.55 (yes, tax included) and there's a chill window-facing area to sit and contemplate the passers-by going about their routines.
1_star The service was friendly and engaging, but when it comes to the food, well mind I say the most overpriced and overrated I've ever encountered in Toronto? It feels like you've walked into the 1990s where people crowd around teppanyaki as a form of exotic oriental performance, that said, the food is inevitably secondary to the performance they've put on. I truly do believe there is a lot of work, effort, and skill each and every chef invests in, but as a restaurant itself, I can't bring myself to say I would ever come here again or pretend to like the lacklustre-uneventful taste of such a theatrical meal. You're paying $30+ for a performance, a seat at a orientalist facade. With all that being said, service was friendly, but the food comes before all decor or presentation
4_star Went for take out on our way home from Fry's last night for the first time. Food was hot getting in the car. Got home and set it down to open and install the new 60" LG. Wellllll. 1 1/2 hours later not getting the surround sound to work with the tv we were done. So now we sit down to eat (kinda excited about the tv and forgot about the food lol). Simply put it was still warm. YEAH He got broccoli beef and egg rolls. I got mixed vegatables. He ate all of his and was happy. I really was not. Zero flavor for the sauce. The egg rolls were amazing.
5_star What a great restaurant. My wife and I are use to going to Morning Star Cafe not far away and wanted something for a change. This place is excellent. We both had their chicken and wild rice soup and it was very yummy. I had the turkey and roast beef sandwich while my wife had their daily special. We both really enjoyed the sandwiches. This place really has your drink choices covered as well. Lots and lots of choices! We will be back for sure!
5_star If you love spicy food this is the place for you. I always feel like a get great service everytime I come. I bring my family often because We always enjoys the food, spirits, and service.
4_star I reckon this is the best Scottish bar in the GTA. Appropriately then, it's a bit fancy. It deserves to be. Everything was nice: the Scottish waitress, the Brewdog beer, and the Haggis fritters. Prepare to drop some ducats though. This place delivers a well-crafted experience to those have the means or the occasion to enjoy it guilt-free.
1_star Don't order online - I place an order - was not only charged twice - after an hour and not receiving any food I called and they didnt even have an order in their system for me. First and last time trying this place.
4_star I tried the Gyro during Taste of Danforth, and I returned during the weekday to try the Lamb Gyro. It's so tender and juicy, it blew the food court / Mr Greek's Gyro away! I totally did not expect to get full from 1 Gyro. But the cooking speed is slow, in their defense they only have 1 person cooking that day..... Reviewed during: Mon - Fri Lunch time Service Speed: 3.5 / 5 Cooking speed: 3/5 Food Quality: 5 / 5 Food Quantity: 5 / 5 Price: 5 / 5 Cleanness: 4.5 / 5 Repeat: YES!
4_star What a great little find near old Montreal. Pleasant and friendly staff ( who also speak English) and great ambience. Their breakfast is fresh made and ample. Excellent coffee too! There are awesome sandwiches and other tasty pastries to take along as you tour the old city. I'd highly recommend this place!.
5_star Love this place!! The food reminds me of Thanksgiving back home. So one thing that really stood out to me..I called to see if they had banana pudding. The lady answered and told me yeah. Cool..we head to the restaurant. About two minutes later I receive a call back and it's the lady from NaNas and she says, "I'm so sorry to be calling..just wanted to let you know that I went to double check and were actually out of banana pudding right now. I didn't want you to drive all this way just to find out we didn't have it". So this may seem pretty simple, but it was a big deal to me. She didn't have to call back - she was so nice and personable. We still ate there of course lol. I was too stuffed for desert anyway. But really friendly people, gave food suggestions and samples. Would recommend.
5_star One of my fav restaurants, the chicken tortilla soup and the steak fajitas burrito are the best, but this time I came for the tacos. The staff is always nice, they are awesome, and always checking everything is ok at the table. Not a very fancy restaurant, but I highly recommended.
2_star I was looking for a place to celebrate our 40th anniversary and a friend said 131 main was a really good place for dinner--expensive but good we were told. I hardly know where to begin to describe how disappointed the entire evening there was. We went on a Sunday evening so we're not talking about a crowded restaurant. First I'm trying to figure out where the word "classy" describes 131 Main--there were no white tablecloths and the seating was in a booth. We were seated right away and then we waited and waited and waited. Finally, my husband grabbed a waiter who was walking by and asked if someone would be along soon to take our order. There didn't seem to be any one person assigned to our table. The waiter took our drink order and I was expecting a good Mojito--it was very ordinary and lacked any kind of special presentation--no garnish. Then another person showed up to take our meal order and we were astonished to find that the meal was nothing more than a steak and a side of mashed potatoes--if we wanted bread or a salad then that was extra. To add insult to injury both steaks arrived undercooked (we said medium and we got med. rare) so back they went to the kitchen and we waited some more. We never received a "sorry about that" or acknowledgement of the bad service. Also the menu said the filet was 8 oz. but it seemed rather small. We decided to skip the dessert there and go elsewhere so when we finally got the check we were surprised to see that it was somebody else's check and we had to wait again until someone brought us the correct check. The food was quite ordinary and way overpriced and we will not be returning.
5_star Great first time at Piero's! Service and food were both outstanding. Atmosphere is nice - perfect for date night or a larger party of friends. Food - excellent! Husband got veal shank feature and LOVED it. Definitely worth the $17 cab ride from the fancy resort spots!
4_star best french dip ive had in a long time my wifes bbq platter was good too she really liked the ribs the only down side of this place is the wait and its just too dang dark its nice to see the food your eating
2_star Once again I attempted to try this Thai food place because it's close to work. I love Thai food but the food such as pad Thai lacks so much flavor and was dry that I found myself saying it up on my own with sweet and sour and hot sauce. A let down for sure.
1_star Loved it the last time we were here, but won't return after our last experience. Had reservations, got there and were seated on time but got a table next to the open door on a cold night. Waited 25min and no one took our drink order. Left the restaurant and went to Hillstone for better service and great food.
1_star I'm still burping and gassing. Read this if you want to find out how truly a remedy Remedy really is. It's not. And here's why. Do you like lard? Do you like lard with your lardwich? I was so excited to see this mushroom sandwich all these veggies and garlic aioli. But what did I get? A lard sandwich, that's what. And it made me sick. And gassy. The lady was smoking her cigarette - the one who rang me up. It was like she couldn't be bothered to breathe air if it wasn't charged with nicotine. This woman was very rude and ultimately very confused. It was like she had just woken up. When I originally placed my order she confused me so bad she had me believing I didn't order what I actually ordered.
5_star I love it! Yummy!!!!! If you want some authentic amazing Guyanese and caribbean food, look no further! The chicken roti is awesome!!! The jerk chicken is amazing also! I have been there many times and have loved it every time! Wish they had dhal puri on their menu. It's not fancy by any means, but it's authentic Guyanese food!
3_star Ok so I will start by saying the food is great. Quality is awesome. But.. A lot needs to change. I hope the manager or owner reads this because it would take it to a five star restaurant with these things. 1) don't have one server. The poor girl was taking hits from every table because there were 20 tables and one sever 2) have some options or alternatives for the side of the home fries (salad, fruit, something) 3) in your menu it says pancakes (plural)- not ONE pancake. I've never been somewhere that serves one 4) side of bacon isn't two strips. Put more 5) have someone bringing around coffee. I had to ask for it 4 times.. That's unacceptable I hope they listen to these changes because it would make this place a lot better. Good food though, nonetheless
4_star Best chicken sandwich in the area. When I lived downtown I missed it. My only complaint is that the last two times I had small pieces of bone in there which was disappointing... So only 4 stars
4_star Great place for just about any dish, best to reserve a table as it gets very busy
3_star *Came here on a Sunday morning. It was pretty packed, nearing to brunch time and all. *Ordered a big breakfast which came with 2 pancakes, 2 sausages, 2 eggs, 2 slices of bacon, homefries and bread. They were super generous with the amount if homefries too! Huge menu for other options too. *Food was not bad. Pancake batter was unique and sweet. Sausages however appeared a bit burnt. *Service was friendly but our server didn't check up on us enough. We were waiting to grab their attention for the longest while until another server noticed us.
3_star I dined here for a late Sunday dinner when the restaurant was pretty empty. Despite being one of the few diners in the place, the service was quite slow. When my food finally came out, it was warm, not super hot. The palak paneer was quite tasty but not spicy at all (I did request a mild spice level though). This place would be a good go-to for takeout.
1_star I ate here last night and got food poisoning. Our fries came out cold, but they did get us some new ones after we asked. The oh cheesus was very good and the fries were too. I would give it a 3/5 without the food poisoning. Don't think I'll be able to look at burger from anywhere for a while......
2_star Dear Basil Thai, here is a business tip: this group of 9 people that I just brought in is not the only large group I will ever take out to lunch. By making me wait for my itemized receipt while you (repeatedly) checked out single diners, you are telling me that you value their business more than mine. I will not trouble you with my business in the future, as you appear to be unprepared and unwelcoming to university (business) diners.
1_star Disappointed, 1st and last time coming here. Got violently sick after enjoying the stuff mushrooms. Never again will I eat here!!!
2_star Save your money and go somewhere else! Go to Jean Philippe instead or Javier's in the hotel!! This place is so overpriced for gross food.
2_star Food was OK, service could be better. Probably won't return here. We were seated right away when we walked in and they have buttons to call a server over. We had to press the button twice before the first server showed up to take our order. After our order was placed it took a long time before the first dish arrived, they got the order wrong for the second dish. When we corrected to server, she gave us a random dish off her cart and walked away. We called a different server and let her know about the mix up. We were waiting for over 30 minutes before calling a server over again, it turned out they forgot our second order, then we had to wait over 15 minutes for that to arrive. They didn't even apologize for making us wait or mixing up the orders. The food we ordered arrived hot and it tasted OK. We ordered the Don KatSu Dupbap and Samsun Jajangmyon. There was nothing spectacular about the dishes so I don't think I will be returning, especially considering the service. The Don KatSu Dupbap was pretty simple, it was egg sauce and fried pork on rice. As for the Samsun Jajangmyon, it was mostly onion and it lakced a variaty of seafood. The only seafood in it was diffrent types of fish cakes.
2_star First note..I never complain about service or any restaurants food quality because it's not my style and understand because I am in the service industry. It was a busy Saturday night because of the elite 8 was in cleveland ....but no excuses!!! Loved the modest feel of a small sleek Asian - American spot ..where was the staff? Waiting 30 mins for a greeting not knowing if we ordered at the sushi bar or what ..very confusing We waited 30 mins just to get our sake when ordered ...the service was mayhem with nothing being accomplished ..Our group ordered 6 rolls which I dont think was a huge order by any means About an 45 mins passed by and we were brought miso that we had not a clue why we were even given it ..not very well balanced and was very salty and don't get me wrong I love great miso. About 15 mins later rolls were on the table that were sloppy, falling apart and not well crafted. The sashimi was on point but u asked for yellow fun and yellow tail arrived instead..it was clean and fresh ..but they lacked details ...one of our guests asked for spicy mayo on the side and it didn't even arrive until 5 mins after we had all finished up....I don't understand at all ..how this disaster is rated so high . When recieving our checks the server asked how was the service was? Once again I don't complain ever ..this is the first review I've ever written, but come on really ..I was mind blown ..I didn't say a word ..but one guest said it was very slow ...and they charged us for the side of spicy mayo we didn't use, which obviously wasn't the end all be all but took it off at the end . I heard so many great things and reviews about sushi 86 ..and was let down beyond imaginable by a huge disaster. I am not trying to be harsh, I'm in the industry and very much against yelp..take the constructive criticism and enhance a diamond in the rough to encourage what potential this truly could have
3_star This place was very quaint and clean. I really liked the vibe there. I ordered a Love Burger. The first time I ate there, it was amazingly delicious. The second time I went in there, I ordered the same burger and it was cold and soggy. An eleven dollar burger should not be cold and soggy. Might go back but not on a regular basis.
4_star I'll admit it: I like Outback. However, they are not all created equal. This one has good food, great service. They seem to always get the orders right and, like the others, it's still a good deal.
3_star It was okay but there's definitely better around the area like Kim po. The place is big and spacious and has been around for awoke now. If you perhaps just need a quick pho fix after Pmall then it's passable
1_star this is the least favorite sonic location I've visited and the only one that has had repeated problems that haven't been corrected. recently I ordered a standard cheeseburger combo with a slush. 20 minutes later, I got it. the bun was partially frozen like it came straight from the freezer and the patty was lukewarm, at best. overall disappointed at this sonic.
5_star OMG, my mouth was in heaven last night ! Came here for the first time, on my birthday. Food was amazing, service was amazing, loved the atmosphere....such a wonderful birthday experience. My favorite place to have a yummy meal has always been The Melting Pot, but now I am hooked on Postino's. As a vegetarian I was so happy with the bruchetta plate and salad that we had. I can't rave enough. Only issue is that it's pretty far from my house, so I may have to try the one in Tempe, next time. Hope it's just as great !!!
2_star I understand they are very busy but today I ordered the chicken chopped salad to go and got all lettuce and less than a handful of all the other ingredients. Asked for extra dressing and got nothing. They also omitted their usual chocolate covered strawberry and bread. Most horrible experience ever there. Very disappointed.
2_star The only problem with the place is the same problem happening to a lot of micro pubs, they do not know that a pint is still 16ozs not the 14oz glasses they use at AZW, which is 12oz after the pour. Stand up people you are being misled and lied to. Not only this but they did not ask if they could keep my .27 cents worth of change from my bill, they just did not give it to me.
5_star Always great sandwiches and service no matter what time of day or evening.No matter which sandwich you choose, it is made fresh to order as you watch.
5_star I'm going to be upfront- I have no idea who Wilco is. But as a girl who grew up on a hog farm I can say their pulled pork "Kingpin" sandwich is among the best I've had in the city. Super affordable with amazing bread baked in-house. I'm a big fan of ordering to go, eating a delicious cookie appetizer while I wait and then heading over to Christie Pitts for a mini-picnic. Makes for a perfect afternoon!!
1_star Grand opening ... Grand closing !!! Wanted to try this place and was really hoping we would find a great new place that we could return to . First red flag in a Resturant is how busy they are around lunch or dinner . Unfortunately this was Not a good interpretation of middle eastern (Persian) food. As a middle eastern person ,I'm very offended by the owners attempt to sell a dish that is of very poor quality and taste. I get it , if ur not busy than its hard to put fresh food on a plate. 1.Unfriendly register girl 2. Unclean (sticky tables , dirty floors ) 3. Beef tenderloin is not fresh and not seasoned well . Tasted old, I had to spit it out . 4. Rice is only decent . 5. Chicken is seasoned poorly and lacks that flavor that should be in this type of chicken . Don't try a recreate the wheel by adding Rosemary where it don't belong . 6. Bread was only cooked partially as one end was still doughy. 7. When I asked bout gyro meat, they say it's pre-cooked . Gyro meat should come fresh as it cooks and turns . Good luck with this place as ur days are numbered for ur lack of care to the business, quality and taste. I've noticed the owner likes to respond to reviews . Don't bother . Focus on delivering a better product. Don't worry , he responded . I asked for medium cook on the tenderloin and actually it was overcooked , not raw as u mention in ur reply . Good attempt . Fortunately , I alone will not be reason for ur impending closure as u just don't care enough bout the food. Best of luck to you .
1_star Staff are rude unattentive and speak their language amongst themselves. Food is mediocre and has a lot of vegetables as filler. Wouldn't recommend to anyone unless you want a bad.
5_star Today was my third time coming into Chica, My husband and I came on Tuesday for the lunch. We were looking for something different and Chica always popped up, so we decided to go ahead and try it. Our server was Adriene, she was knowledgeable and very funny. She made a few suggestions about lunch we had to try. My husband had the burger after going back and forth about it, our server insisted he would love it, and he did. I had the steak salad, and it was delicious, and not too much dressing which was nice. She (adriene) talked about the milk cake (I forgot what it's called) and raved about it, we took her suggestion and tried it, it did not disappoint. I came back Wednesday by myself, and my server again was adriene. She remembered me, my last name and called me by it, and asked if I'd prefer sparkling wAter again as we had the the day before. You don't find customer service like this often and I told her it was because of the great time we had before that I came back. I asked her a few questions about the menu again, she said I should try the shrimp salad. The salad was exactly what I was looking for. Light and the right amount as I had dinner reservations in the night. Today we had john as our server, he was great, knowledgeable and just as friendly and helpful as the last. We are the chicken salad sandwich and chicken ceaser salad. Great ingredients but no dessert today. All around a great great place to eat and try different food from all the other places you are used to.
3_star Just had dinner at Daniel Boulud before the Le Reve show. Good prix fixe menu at $42 for three-course before 7pm, but we were expecting more from a one michelin star restaurant. We started with parsnip soup with spicy bread, it was good but not amazing. The main entree, we had steak frites and their house burger, both cooked well, but blend in taste. I couldn't taste the truffle in the burger, and I consider myself a truffle hunter! The setting is relaxing with a big window looking out to the lighted pool pond, not the most romantic place to take a date, but comfortable enough to be yourself. Service is very slow here, we had to call for our waiter a few times.
3_star Sunday brunch Is this your scene? 35th floor, DJ playing music, over-priced food and drinks ... somewhat pretentious but a place to be seen? We were pleasantly surprised with the quality of food laid out for brunch - seafood: steamed mussels, chilled shrimp, smoked salmon and freshly shucked oysters - freshly made omelettes - roast beef (tender but not a heap of flavour) - decent selection of chocolates The bill was $150 for 2 people, food + caesar + juice (including tax and tip). We came expecting something like this so were not surprised. Will not be everyone's cup of tea - but unlike other brunch places in Toronto, you won't have to line up for an hour as they take reservations!
3_star Just got back from a lovely time in Vegas and I feel I really HAVE to review this buffet... No, really. My bitterness compels me, even several days after the fact. A friend of mine who had tried this buffet on a previous trip just raved and raved about it and was eager to have the rest of our group try it, all the while hyping it up to be "the mother of all buffets!" and "so good you'll pass out!" ...Yeahhhh, not so much. I felt bad for disappointing him, but after spending $50 for a single meal, I have a right to be a tad critical. So here's how it stacks up: PROS -Amazing food. The ingredients seemed fresh and well assembled, and every dish I tried was incredibly flavorful.... Gourmet indeed! (And the only reason this buffet gets three stars from me instead of one or two.) -Varied selection of dishes/cultural representations -Gorgeous atmosphere. I loved the clean lines of polished glass and stainless steel at every turn. And I appreciate the fact that each separate area has its own individual look and feel. -STREET TACO STATION! Someone, somewhere, heard my prayers on this. I was so excited to try my carnitas tacos that I almost ran into some poor, unsuspecting lady in my frenzy to get back to my table. However, by the time I was able to make it out of the crazy line for food, they were ice cold and the carnitas were hard. More on that below... CONS -Price. This mutha is EXPENSIVE. I mean, seriously, what is that about? I chose to try this the one time for the experience, but for what this buffet offers, it hardly seems worth it. I could go to the Wynn buffet or, to a lesser degree, Wicked Spoon to get more for my money (if the goal was, as it usually is, stuffing my face with yummy foods!). -Service lagged. Once my friend was able to flag down one of the servers to order our drinks, he was pretty good about seeing to our needs. Initially, though, he was nowhere to be found. We had just come from the Valley of Fire about 40 minutes outside of Vegas and were dying of thirst, but no one came to ask for our order for a good 10-15 minutes after being seated. Plenty of servers passed us and our conspicuously empty table that evening, but no one bothered to stop. -LINES! CRAZY, UNFORGIVING, TORTUROUSLY LONG LINES!!! As a few previous reviewers have noted, this place has an absolutely awful set up. I can see that if they just moved a few of the stations around the dining area (perhaps on the other side of the dessert bar, for instance), it would help immensely with the pileup of angry/hungry patrons. As it was, I waited a good hour on my feet, plate in hand, just for a chance to SEE what foods were offered! And this is after waiting almost an hour and a half just to get in!! The line hardly ever moved because the lady working the carving station moved at a glacial pace and honestly looked like she could cry from being overwhelmed with orders. I would've avoided the meat altogether, really, but after waiting that long to get a shot at my different options, I knew I had to at least try some ribs and the brisket. There would be NO going back, that's for sure!! I hardly ever got a chance to eat with my friends because we all stood in the massive line of doom at varying times. :( Boo... -Rude staff. The situation in line was intense, folks, as I have mentioned, but there was intensity from the kitchen, too. When I had finally made my way up to the carving station (hallelujah!), an older gentleman came right up in front of me and lifted his plate up, asking if the carving lady could put just the tiniest piece of chicken on it. While I was in NO MOOD to allow someone to cut in front of me, even I felt this sweet old man deserved a better response than what he received... One of the kitchen staff heard him and came forward, rudely yelling at him to get to the back of the line. He scowled in the general direction of the rest of us, too. I get that he may have been having a rough night with a bunch of unhappy patrons, but there was no need for that. I'm a big girl, and I can speak for myself, thanks. -Repeatedly out of foods. I missed out on mac and cheese and green tea mochi balls, people! And once they ran out, there was no replacing them. -THEY LIMIT YOUR PORTIONS. ...Think about this. It's a buffet, for crying out loud! For $50, I think I am entitled to pile my plate if I choose, but management came around and literally limited the quantity of meats per person. Not cool. Not cool at all!
4_star I've heard a lot about Grimaldi's. A lot of good things. Many tell me it's the best pizza in Vegas. I went there with my family a couple weeks ago, and yeah it's pretty good. I really don't see what all the hype is about though. It's a good pizza, but far from the best in Vegas. The sauce was a bit too sweet, but the pie was solid otherwise. The atmosphere in the restaurant is very nice. I especially like the black and white photos of New York on the walls, which match the décor perfectly and really add to the authenticity of the place. Like I said, it's a good pizza. I'll come back to Grimaldi's, I'm sure, but I won't hype it up to my friends for fear of them leaving disappointed.
4_star I'm so excited to have found this place! I've been searching for good Thai food in Cleveland for the past month (I'm from Chicago which has tons of amazing places that are easy to find). My co-workers and I ordered from here for lunch and everyone was very pleased. I had the Pad Thai Country Style and it was delicious. Like the other reviewers I agree it is not very spicy at all, however it's still the best Pad Thai I've had in Cleveland by far. I also ordered the Fresh Spring Rolls with tofu- there was way too much lettuce and barely any tofu, probably wouldn't order them again... Oh well, I loved the entree and that's what I care most about! I will definitely be ordering from here again.
1_star -5 stars!! Worst place ever. Don't bother going here you will definitely regret it. Save your money for a better serviced, hygienic, more organized and professional establishment. (You would think when a party of 40+ people are coming they would provide better service considering all the money you just brought into this dump for them) No one from that birthday will ever be wasting our time making that mistake again.
5_star One of tbe best ramen restaurants around. Better than Kinton, the broth is very rich and less oily. Portion and prices are decent. Only problem is it's right at Yonge and Finch, so parking is going to be a problem.
2_star I have to start by saying that I love their goldieritas. And I love that they are across the street from me... Which is why I want to love their food. The first 10 or so times I went, the food was great. But the last 3-5 times, the food left much to be desired. The quesadilla had no cheese, only chicken. The chili is not even similar to a real chili. And the focaccias are not as tasty as they used to be... Where's the filling in the focaccia?! I used to love bringing friends there, but now I am too embarrassed about the food. My last friend date just pushed her food around and said that it was "interesting." This is a great spot, but stop dropping the ball, Goldie's!
1_star Absolutely brutal service. How can a beer take 10 minutes when you're sitting 6 feet from the bar and it's not even that busy. Were they changing the keg? Waiting on clean glassware? Our server was nowhere to be found in that time to find out. All the servers and managers were running around flirting with each other instead of doing their jobs. Not even kidding, every staff member we encountered seemed like they were either drunk or on drugs. Really, really strange. Food was ok, nothing amazing. Will not be back.
3_star Found it okay okay. The menu items were more or less what you expect from a Thai place.
3_star What can you say when bad service and forgetful cuisine ruins an otherwise fun, energetic, yet cool patio scene? Good drinks! ...when you get them. Don't waste a dinner date here, unless you're eating around several cocktails and prepared to lounge - a while - between dishes. SoT does offer you a vibrant, upscale, beach-style patio oasis - like Queen West's Ultra but without the 24/7 house reverberating through your skull. Though floods of larger parties keep the noise level very high here, even for the open outdoor setting. This is a great place for cool drinks as the summer heat breaks. Enjoy the scene, some decent apps, then move on for dinner elsewhere if that's your priority for the night.
2_star I am going to start off with the good here. This place is family run and they really make you feel welcome. Mama is running around, sons are doing son things and it is very friendly. That being said, the food was abysmal. This was my first time there. I had the linguine and white clam sauce and my friend had the lasagna. The linguine was horrible. It had a smell reminiscent of a fish dock in the summer. The lasagna was a warmed over lump of congealed cheese and pasta with sauce. We ended up taking both items in a to go box and then disposing of them. I am hoping that we hit there on a bad day. My friend wants me to try again.... I am not there... yet.
5_star Finicky kids throughly enjoyed their pho thanks to our server Hanna. One prefers meat (ordered #7: chicken slow cooked) while the other only eats veggies (ordered chicken broth with steamed veggies/noodles). It was our first visit and both suggestions were a huge success with both kids. We will be back! Quick attentative service, clean restaurant, happy kids. Priceless!
3_star Kalila was not excited to go to FIVE GUYS, because she has had it in New Jersey and New York in the past and wasn't that impressed. It was my first time, so we went. I ordered a cheeseburger (2 patties) with american cheese, jalepenos, green peppers, grilled onions, grilled mushrooms, lettuce, ketchup, and maybe more. Forgot already. Anyways, it was delicious and I loved it. Every bite was an adventure. Kalila ordered a little cheeseburger with mayo, lettuce, mushrooms and A1 steak sauce. They forgot her A1. That definitely didn't help her opinion of the place. She was still unimpressed with her burger. She won't stop telling me about how amazing Shake Shack in NYC is. She compares EVERY burger to them. We agree that the employee who took our order was very nice. She offered us a side of cajun powder so that we didn't have to order both regular and cajun fries. Five Guys offer free peanuts and they have futuristic soda machines. Once you select a drink, such as lemonade, it changes to the different kinds of lemonade to choose from! We thought we'd get lemonade and then all of a sudden we got strawberry lemonade! It was a nice surprise.
3_star This is a go-to for inexpensive serviceable food in this area when we need a quick break for lunch. It's nice to know what we will get and that it's dependable. It's not the best we've ever had but a far cry from the worst so we will go back again.
2_star Came here looking for something to grub on, food was just ok but our server John was on point .he made our experience worth it. Had the turkey club and it was loaded with turkey. Great service John thanks
5_star Amazing place. Love their pizza and pasta a lot! They prepare your food very fast (like 2-5 minutes). Everything is fresh and tasty :)
5_star SO happy I tried this place, just moved here from Chicago and have been dying for some good pizza. This was the 4th pizza place I tried in Little Italy and was definitely the best so far. I will definitely be back in the future!
2_star I was expecting more from the Sharp Edge. I wasn't pleased with the pomme frites at all because they were just regular french fries and weren't good ones at that. The Margherita pizza was subpar. I did like my beer sampler and the salad was ok. The server couldn't remember our order and which beers were which in the sampler rack, so we had to guess, and she wasn't new. I wouldn't recommend coming here to eat.
3_star Food is okay, not the best soul food. The best part about the meal was the cornbread, the worst part was the boxed cake they serve and market as homemade. I know boxed cake when I taste it. Definitely not worth the cost. May have just been my waitress but she was very inattentive, was more interested in talking to coworkers than making sure we were okay. The lemonade also wasn't very good. Tasted too sweet. Overall, if I could never find another decent soul food restaurant in Charlotte I'd come back, but if I can (which I'm sure I will) I will never enter this place again.
1_star Food and cigarettes don't go together. A specially in a restaurant. When you walk insight everyone is constantly looking at you. Food is ok but not that important if I am gone get home sick from everyone smoking in a 1000sqf small place.
2_star Inattentive and cold wait staff. Portions are small and very overpriced. 3-bite tacos are $6. Dinky plates of ceviche for $10. Having had authentic ceviche, theirs was unrecognizable. Flavor profiles were boring and had almost no lime flavor. Would not return.
3_star Food and staff were great and the setting even better! The biggest problem I have with this otherwise wonderful place is the incredible plastic waste. No dishes whatsoever. Every salad was served in a single-use plastic bowl w lid. And this is a "farm" too -- and it's Earth Day! Again I love the place just want it to get better.
5_star Excellent food, expertly prepared, specially the Ris de Veau (sweetbread). Everything we ordered tasted great, (onglet, the fish of the day, beef tongue, gnocchi Poutine, octopus appetizer) and they were all presented with fresh accompaniments and delicate combinations. Service was also excellent. My husband and I went twice to this restaurant and it's becoming one of our favorites in Montreal.
5_star This restaurant is absolutely amazing. The staff (every single one of them!) is friendly, welcoming, passionate, and knowledgeable. The food was adventurous and creative, and everything was delicious. Don't miss the tongue, and the syrah they have right now is to die for. Also, I know this seems odd, but it's true: best manhattan (and best cherries) I've ever had. Well worth the price.
1_star Terrible. Awful. Only some of the words I can think of to describe this place. I will not be going back, and I don't recommend this place to anyone. I went there a few weeks ago and had one of the worst meals of my life. We waited over 45 minutes to get a table. I said to my group that if the food is good, I don't mind waiting. When we got seated, our server seemed like she was on a mind altering substance. She asked if by the time she came back if we would be ready to order, how would we know?!? After a review of the menu, some items stated they came with sides and others didn't. When asked, we were looked at as if we were stupid, but they clearly were not on the menu even though everything came with a side. After placing our order, about 20 minutes into waiting for our food, the server asked if we wanted some cornbread. This was the only okay thing of the meal. While we waited, the table next to us ordered a peach cobbler, of which they were out so the waiter brought them a peach pie. We overheard the guy stating how it was the worst pie he ever had and that it wasn't even pie, it was peaches in crust, no other filling and it was cold. When our food finally came out, 40 minutes after ordering, things were missing and wrong. Three of us ordered pulled pork sandwiches, all with the slaw on the side. None of them came with slaw at all. Some came with pickles, but mine did not. I asked for the slaw and after 10 minutes they brought out the incorrect one (one with bleu cheese). I asked if I ordered the sandwich with the slaw would it have taken longer to get my food, the response was they were out of it. Well that was a common theme throughout the night. We went on the 9th weekend they were open and they were out of almost everything by 8:00. I ate my pulled pork without the slaw, while waiting and let me tell you I could not finish it, that's how bad it was. I never have a problem finishing any food given to me, even if it is just mediocre, and let me tell you this was disgusting. It tasted like it was sitting in liquid smoke for 3 days. Another member of our group ordered brisket which was not good either. The bbq sauce is too spicy. She ordered the not spicy beans and they brought out beans which were spicy. A lady came to ask how our food was and we stated the beans were spicy when they were not supposed to be. They brought out beans and said they were not spicy, and again they were spicy. The lady came back and asked and once again we were told they were spicy. The Third time the beans were brought out she said here try these they are different (only 2 beans on the menu) and we said no thanks and she said I am the owner and these are different, well they were still spicy. She had a very bad attitude and told us the chef messed up and put too much spice in the morning, well why would you try passing them off as not spicy to us 3 times if you knew this? So we sent the beans back and they never took them off the bill. There was so much wrong with this place. The food, the service, the ownership and so much more. DO NOT go here unless you want to be disappointed. I cannot believe they are opening other locations in the coming weeks when they cannot figure out how to operate this small location. One more thing, after discussing this place with a coworker, she said her husband ordered ribs to go and they were covered in hot sauce and jalepenos and they were terrible. I will not be going back, and I don't recommend this place to anyone.
2_star I somehow only made it to Coronado Cafe once before they closed, and it was a great experience. So I was naturally excited to see the transformation into Urban Vine. Unfortunately, I wish it hadn't changed. I see and admire what the place is going for, but it seems they've tried too hard. Simple lunch foods were fancied up too much. The burger was just okay, and the chicken sandwich didn't taste like any other chicken sandwich I've had before. Boo. Both came with chips that were so heavy on the salt and vinegar that we couldn't eat them. A fresh selection of things to add to your water was fun. Lastly, the table was as crowded as the menu, and simply wasn't comfortable. Here's the thing - a simple old house with a simple old menu would have the chance to be very successful here. If that happens, I'll be excited to return.
4_star We enjoyed our Spring Training dinner at Tomaso's very much. the food was excellent and the service was great also, Generous portions and I loved the Parmesan Salad shell it was awesome. We will be back on our next Spring Training trip.
1_star I've been here about four times and it just keeps getting worse. The atmosphere is awesome, rooftop bar really cool! The food is ok. Beer selection is ok. Attitude SUCKS!!! I'm ok with the fact that it's a cool trendy thing to do to require employees to have the hipster beards and backwards hats but it just seems like this place has so much more potential than that. That's beside the point though. The service and the attitude of the service staff is just horrendous! Here's the skinny: My girlfriend had ordered a vodka cherry press the last visit only to find they had just ran out of cherry flavored vodka. No big deal, switch to sangria. This trip, she orders the same thing with the same results. I said, "Wow, they were out of it last time too!" Trendy hipster beard with attitude says, "Well, we ARE a brewery you know?" I was surprised to hear that and thought to myself, "What's up with the full bar with wine and spirits then!?" Oh well, our hipster server informed us that he was the brewmaster and whatever blah blah. We quickly lost what little interest we had left in this place. I will not be back. No thank you, your beer is horrible, your attitude is worse and I'd rather spend my money at a real brewery. Having said that, avoid this at all costs and try Four Peaks or SanTan instead!
4_star A unique blend of Polynesian breakfast food and specialty pancakes. My favorite so far are the red velvet pancakes! But I've also had the s'more pancakes and they were good too. I would choose a skillet over an omelet...wasn't too impressed with my omelet.
5_star One of the better places I've had sushi at. Everything was extremely fresh and everyone was very polite. Even my husband who isn't fond of sushi had a couple of pieces! Would definitely recommend!
2_star The only reason Dick's gets 2 stars is because the big guy was entertaining and the balloon animal guy made an awesome stripper balloon...the rest was awful. It took 30+ minutes before the waiter even visited to get the food and drink orders in.The food came out pretty quick, most of it at least. 2 people in our group did not get their food. We told the waiter 3 times and still got nothing so we ultimately just canceled the orders. No point in paying for food when everyone else is already finished eating. What got me was that he never apologized, just simply said I took the two orders off the bill. Some of the worst service I have ever experienced. I understand the waiters are supposed to be crude, but when the service is that bad the show is off! Worst part was that gratuity was included so we were stuck giving the guy a $30 tip, when he deserved nothing. The food was not very good. Burgers tasted like a premade patty from a grocery store. Chicken strips were rough and over cooked. The daiquiris looked pretty good, but are very pricy. Thank god beer can't be screwed up or I'm sure it would have been at this place. Will definitely not be back here.
3_star The large wor won ton soup was full of fresh ingredients and was a big serving. The Mongolian beef, which is supposed to be a spicy dish, was not spicy at all, but was flavorful enough. The General Chicken, which I've found is a totally different dish at every restaurant, was drowning in sauce, but had a nice little spice to it. If possible, I would've given 3.5 stars - 4 for atmosphere and service, which were by far the nicest of any of the Chinese restaurants that I've been to in the area so far and 3 for the food.
4_star I love vietnamese coffee and the sandwiches they make there are delicious..and its soo cheap.. free internet and a place for you to lounge..and do absolutely nothing. It almost make me feel as if I were home.
4_star My BF and I chose to spend our Thanksgiving in Vegas, so we wanted to eat somewhere that was offering a Thanksgiving menu, we chose Valentino for its Prix Fixe Thanksgiving menu - 5 courses, including desert, with wine pairings (a little over $100 each) We Enjoyed perfectly grilled prawns with blood orange sauce and yummy little butternut squash medallions; A ridiculously delicious and indulgent beef and leek broth with spinach raviolis with beef filling; Next we enjoyed the perfect flavor mingling of Duck confit stacked on a caramelized fig - so delicious! For the main course we had a Turkey breast stuffed with quail sausage, garlic coated haricot vert and amazing truffle au gratin with a perfect crispness. In the end we had an assortment of vanilla gelato, amaretto cookies and fresh berries. Each course's wine pairing felt like a natural compliment. Overall, I would say food was excellent, wait staff was friendly if a little over enthusiastic and the atmosphere was acceptable for the style of restaurant.
4_star I was happy with the taste and size of portions here. I heard it was expensive and when I went it wasn't so that must've changed along the line. This is more of a contemporary Italian restaurant but it compliments the area well.
1_star The service throughout the night was inconsistent. I asked how the shrimp was prepared. The server said, "medium, we prepare all of our fish medium." Uncooked shrimp? No thanks. We ordered two appetizers, a salad, steaks, and a side dish. The oysters were placed on the table without explanation of the accompanying sauces. The salad was good, tomatoes were fresh. The lobster mashed potatoes had so much butter that it was pooling around the edges of the bowl. One steak was overcooked, came out medium well instead of medium rare. The server took it back and the manager quickly came over to apologize and offered to even cook both steaks again so we could eat together. We felt it was handled appropriately and would easily have returned for future meals after this. However, the steak never came out. I asked the server after a long while to see if it may be ready. She came back from the kitchen frazzled and said, "it will be out but I don't have a time to give you." Then a kitchen manager brought a piece of meat, set it down, did not wait for me to cut it open and quickly left. It was very fatty and appeared to be NOT the cut of meat (filet) that I had ordered. It was over cooked, again. The server happened to walk over and said, "yes, I thought that it didn't look right." I left without eating dinner. She brought the check over and said, "I'm sure you guys don't want dessert, so I brought the check." The manager never followed up to see if I had received the new steak. The issues could've easily been solved had someone not dropped the ball and given up on following through. They did credit the check for two steaks, but really that was not the issue. Unfortunately, this restaurant was a big let down.
4_star Do not let the hype scare you, you can get a great burger at the Burger Bar without spending more than $15. (or indulge yourself to an exclusive $60 burger!) The Burger Bar is located right where the Mandalay Bay shops meet the Luxor. You get a lot of really unique choices of burgers but the real highlight of the Burger Bar is that you can completely customize your burger any way you like. You can choose from different types of beef (including Angus, Kobe and my favorite Buffalo) as well as salmon and chicken and a huge variety of additional toppings. The standard burger includes a choice of beef Kobe and Buffalo being the most expensive and succulent) along with lettuce, tomato, onion and dill pickle and your choice of bun (more than 7 choices if memory serves me correctly). While the huge variety of toppings is tempting, keep in mind that you actually need to eat the burger and an additional 6 toppings will make a beef skyscraper that will require knife and fork to dispatch (not that there's anything wrong with that). The burger is always cooked to perfection, I have tried both medium rare (my favorite) and medium and every time they were juicy, succulent and flavorful. Their onion rings deserve a special mention, they are crisp and fried to perfection and you can still taste the actual onion inside them. The Burger Bar also offers some generous milkshakes. My personal favorite is the caramel latte which also comes with 2 Graham crackers. Believe me, I work hard so I eat a lot and it's often difficult to finish big burger and the milkshake... The staff is friendly and attentive. On the negative side, the booths are just a bit cramped and the music is too loud for my senile worldview. Also depending on day and time there might be up to 30 minutes of waiting but that is expected for a restaurant on the Strip during rush hour. Overall, the Burger Bar is an excellent place on the Strip to eat a juicy satisfying burger, made to your exact specifications without putting a huge dent on your wallet.
4_star Tho Pho here is great! Broth tastes almost good as Pho So 1 :) the restaurant is very empty around 4pm. (Maybe that is the only reason they have times to keep the place very clean all the time lol ) Good place!
1_star Horribly horrible. I live in Santa Barbara, Ca where there are many fantastic restaurants, Italian included. Bartolotta is junk. I ate with my wife who doesn't like seafood. That was not a big deal until the waiter explained to us that all the fresh fish is sold by the whole fish. There was only one fish that they would do for 1 person. The smallest fish they had that night would have cost me $115! I started with the Parmigiano-Reggiano custard with sauteed mushrooms, quite nice, a savory dish. The I had shrimp raviolis, bad, boring and tasted no better than store bought raviolis. My main was a snapper. It was quite nice but nothing over a 3 star, average as average gets. My wife had gnocchi in a tomato cream sauce which was just average again. Now so many people are giving the place 5 stars and I have no idea why. Yes, it is no olive garden and clearly would be 5 stars compared to that, but when you try to compare this restaurant to the best Italian places in the US (like Wynn sells it as) it fails to even come close. There has to be better places to go. I wish I could suggest somewhere else but I just haven't been in Vegas enough to do so.
2_star I can't argue with $1 happy hour drafts. That's good stuff. But I wouldn't go here again with any expectation that I'll eat. The first time there I had fish tacos and hush puppies. I was so excited to see fish tacos on a Cleveland menu. They're still a rare treat. Alas, these were not decent fish tacos. They were just completely bland. Don't do it. I vaguely remember the hush puppies being ok. But when I was just back recently to drink, and I ordered hush puppies to soak up the beer, I was crushed. The pups were just dry, bland balls. It really shouldn't be that hard to deep fry some flavored bread. And considering how horrible hush puppies are for your health, it's just not worth eating bad ones. So go for the happy hour beer, in a small cozy setting. But don't bother eating unless you prefer your food bland. The decor is a bit cheesy and overdone, but forgiveable. There are tvs above the bar, should you be in there on a night the Cavs are playing.
1_star Not worth for $26.95/ppl all you can eat sushi! Very bad service, food taste horrible and nasty, food is not fresh at all, oysters have weird smell. Sushi come with huge rice but little sashimi, they gave us food which is not we ordered. and not allow us to order what we want. seems like they are trying to save money and trick the customer. Never come ever again. Such a bad restaurant!!
2_star The restaurant was nothing wonderful. The dining area seemed dirty. The kitchen seemed slightly unkept and the staff unfriendly. Unfortunately the toys are mostly dirty, broken and/or unkept. The toys in sandbox, on our visit this past summer, were simply dangerous for kids. Every plastic sand toy was either broken or cracked. The women's bathroom was appalling...everything seemed dirty and/or broken. Toilet paper roll was barely hanging on by one screw. We had often talked of visiting ZuZu Cafe but we will not be visiting again. Too bad because the place seemed to have promise and potential. A little extra care and attention to detail would improve this restaurant and give it a true character.
2_star First things first: reputable steakhouse, great décor, friendly yet somewhat pretentious staff; but absurd prices and poor cooking won't have me back here anytime soon. Our party of eight was eager to experience a great meal at what a coworker of mine branded as the best steakhouse in Montreal; unfortunately, this was the only time he was wrong. Staff was courteous when we arrived and confirmed our reservation, and we were seated right away on the second floor; this establishment does indeed look like a great steakhouse and exudes a bit of machismo. First glance at the menu showed that we were in for a hefty tab, with some salads priced at nearly $20; skip the rabbit food and order the oysters, which were well-shucked, cold and clean. A second glance at the steak section of the menu with a recommendation not to order any steak well-done gave me confidence that this place knew how to cook a steak; alas it was not so. Eight hungry guys order eight varying cuts of steak cooked medium rare; 45 minutes later and a couple conversations with our server, eight hungry guys receive eight varying cuts of steak all cooked medium-well. Huge disappointment, and the overall flavor was nothing to write home about. The creamed spinach and potatoes were nice, but pass on the side of broccoli, which was bland and luke-warm by the time it made it to the table. Fortunately, we were comped our appetizers and drinks given the length of the wait and the poor cooking, which was a nice gesture; but a repeat customer of this establishment I will not be.
3_star Dark dark dark restaurant. The food was good - the bread is freaking amazing, the mashed potatoes and asparagus are pretty standard, the Mac and cheese is all cheese, and the butternut squash soup is great.
4_star Many good things to say about Zanzibar. My exposure to their entire menu is limited, but what I had was delicious. You have to get the walleye cakes! Their chicken and cornbread is also very good. The kool-aid is overpriced but it is delicious. The waitstaff was professional and the atmosphere is very relaxed. Price tag is pretty good considering the amount and quality of the food you get. My only complaint is the speed of service, but I haven't been there enough times to really deduct points because of it (may have been isolated incidences). edit: I've been a few more times, and the speed or service hasn't really changed. They dining room temperature is also a little too toasty for my liking. Food is still delicious, though.
2_star I really enjoyed the food while eating it, however it seemed to be like clockwork for our whole party, 4 hours after eating made you want to throw up. It ruined our evening events. Also I think that it's absurd to automatically add 20% gratuity for parties of 6 or more. Most places only start to include gratuity after 8 people and at 18% to split the 15-20% debate. It's as if we are tipping them for their inability to handle more than six burgers. I believe that the servers would be more enjoyable if they actually had to work for their money using their personality.
4_star Went to dinner here w my wife for her bday. Nice decor. Food was pretty good. Calamari was great. Waitress was a little slow in service. Overall... I'd go again.
3_star Probably better than three stars in most key categories; location, selection and flavor but the service is not great, mostly because they are constantly understaffed. More importantly, the portions are really skimpy for the prices. A $13.00 Quesadilla is one small tortilla folded in half with a teaspoon of pico and guacamole. I couldn't believe they could serve it with a straight face, whatever, poor value is poor value. Cutting cost where it impacts quality is rarely a good business decision.
1_star The service here was the worst I've EVER experienced in Las Vegas (lived here 5 yrs now). Not only did we end up waiting a total of about an hour before we got our food, but people that sat down after we ordered got their salads first. I had all you can eat pasta (Tues night) $7 but they make you buy a $3 drink and I got a salad w/ it but my husband bought the gnocchi dish for $11 and didn't get a salad? Dumb. They also charged my husband $1 for adding a couple of shreds of basil to his dish. My all you can eat plate came out and it was twice the size of his $12 dish and he couldn't get more. It was terrible! I had the carbonara sauce and it was okay but super buttery. FYI for the vegetarians, all sides are $3, yes, to add spinach to your dish is the same price as adding chicken. We live right down the street and will not go again.
4_star loved it for the fast service, good food, atmosphere and decor...great family resturant. The only thing I would change is that I could have a side of corn tortillas instead of the flour ones they gave me.
4_star I was there on week day it was very good and good meat good service almost good as the one in Los Angeles. But I wish they have kids price because my 10 year old daughter don't eat that much they charge adult price. Over all it's good but if you have kids it's very hard to go. I don't think we'll be coming back.
1_star It was painful to eat here. The music was so loud that you could not carry on a conversation. My ears hurt by the time I left. I may have been able to overlook that if the food was somewhat palatable. I personally am not a fan of violence so when the music was lowered to turn up the volume on the movies playing I did not enjoy watching and hearing people get beaten up. Again I could overlook that if the food was at least good. Never again
2_star To be fair, I might owe Nello's another star, but it's only getting two because of the INTENSE disappointment I had when my wings arrived. I'd always heard that Nello's wings are the best ... turns out they're not. They were soggy. Really soggy. The sauce is about as flavorful as you can find anywhere. The pizza, as I recall, was okay, but I honestly can't even remember what kind it was, so it obviously didn't make much of an impression on me. Nothing was actually wrong with the food, and nothing would keep me from going back again, but the blurb next to the 2-stars above says it all: "Meh. I've experienced better."
4_star Ok BBQ. I prefer the sauce added during the chopping, so adding it was just ok. The price seemed high for a pound at $12.99. Hushpuppies were a good blend of corn meal and onion. Staff need smiles.
2_star I feel like this location has gone down hill in terms of quality of food and staff. We used to use them for catering regularly but have not as much recently. They have a good menu but it's become so diverse that it is hit or miss.
5_star Love this place bartenders ROCK!!! Service is Amazing eat her every Thursday and when I come in, They know me and have my order ready! It's like a 2nd home EVERYONE BRING YOUR FRIENDS!!!
3_star This is the closest Thai place to my home-convenient and acceptable but not the greatest. The atmosphere is brightly colored and cheerful (they remodeled a few years ago) and they can accomodate a group if you call ahead. They are efficient and accurate with carryout. The food is a little hit and miss (I think I got spoiled living on the West coast for years) and you might have to try a few different dishes until you find one they do well here.
4_star Solid location; makes you feel displaced from the suburb surrounding area. Coffee isn't making me twitchy yet, but it's only the first cup...
5_star Love the food here! Always delicious and their happy hour prices are great, I always get the flatbread pizza. Beer is delicious and they have something for everyone. Also if you work in the mall they will deliver your food to you! Great for when someone calls in and you can't leave the store to get dinner!! Service is always excellent and I recommend it to a lot of my customers passing through openly talking about where to go for dinner or lunch.
1_star I usually never review anything but this I had to!! The food was beyond disgusting. Ate it last night and I'm surprised I'm still alive. Fried rice was burnt and soggy. Chicken undercooked. I feel like I'm gonna vomit just thinking about it. I have no clue how this restaurant is still in business. DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY
1_star Got the wrong order twice, took almost an hour to get it right. Probably just bad luck
4_star Amazing happy hour. You really cannot beat $6.00 pitchers from open until 6pm. They have a great local beer selection. I highly suggest the Mr. Pineapple beer on these hot Arizona days. Food is above par, but not the best bar food I've ever had in my teavels. For the most part the staff is great. Overall maybe one bartender that wasn't too friendly (but it could have just been me). Atmosphere was upbeat, good music but not too loud. I would recommend this place hands down.
3_star Stripsteak is a Michael Mina restaurant in Mandalay Bay in Las Vegas. Start with duck and sashimi .. The duck appetizer was fantastic. 5. Sashimi was awesome too, and the nice touch is that there was real wasabe and not the pasty generic kind. Tasty and sentious : 4.75 out of 5. Ginger beer nice selection, as suggested by the server when I ordered ginger ale. 4.5 Flight of fries was cute and noshy.. very bistro chic. 4.5 Marrow : delicious and rich. Served with perfectly sized toastettes... 5 Dry aged rib eye 3.5 out of 5. Hate to say it, but a bit too much marbling and gristle. I would rate the meat quality as a choice cut, but not prime or Angus. Also, I would have expected the steak to be served decently hot, but it came to the table cooler than being let to rest after cooking. The smokey (Alder) was a bit more overwhelming than expected and I felt it impeded the taste you should be getting from proper aged beef. I know I'm being a bit critical here, but I have had awesome creations from Mina and know he can purvey far better. Maybe it was an off night.. Noise: dang loud. But it's Vegas. Service: Decent but seemingly with slow dips. I was disappointed with a few things though. The server was very nice for the most part but did two things a server should not do: First: Please never clear one diner's plate before the other diner has finished the course. IT isn't proper etiquette. Second: when offered the taste of the ginger beer, it truly was a good selection. I hadn't even drank the ginger ale yet. The server was a tad patronizing in stating she would get me the ginger beer as well, and did not remove the ginger ale from the tab. Partially my fault for not asking for a taste, but the proper manner should have been to be offered a taste first before bringing me both. I know it wasn't malicious.. and it was during the Consumer Electronics Show, so she may have had her fill with attendees that didn't know proper dining etiquette. 2/5 I say overall itWould I go back? Yes.. Kinda like learning a new country and their customs, I know what to focus on more. I'll be back in Vegas in a few weeks and will give them a try again because I do see the potential.
5_star Lotus is my FAVORITE Chinese food in the Henderson area...It is the only place I will eat Chinese food! I recommend it to everyone. It is clean and friendly and quite. Very child friendly as I have 2 kids. And the price is reasonable. The food is DELICIOUS!
2_star Beer = good. Sliders = burnt meat nuggets on cold stale bread. Nice servers. Nice atmosphere.
4_star Delicious! Love their tofu tacos - lots of bright, colorful veggies. They tend to put an excessive amount of mayo, though.
2_star Sadly, I cannot recommend this place and have to give it only 2 stars - 1 star for food and 3 stars for service. Server was very friendly but we should have been concerned when the place was empty. We ordered the mole and fish tacos and were extremely disappointed in lack of flavor and value. The chicken mole only came with plain white rice and had no flavor. The fish taco had a deep fried piece of fish and a few shreds of cabbage with a some hot sauce. We are not very picky and have had authentic Mexican in Mexico city several times, so thought it would be authentic and tasty but not elaborate or fancy. I like to support local businesses but this was too disappointing to give another chance...wish I read reviews prior to going!
4_star Delicious, Yumminess in EVERY bite!! The "whole sha-bang" really is what it says it is!! We had 3lbs of snow crab, 1lb of king crab, 1 lb of blue crab, a dozen oysters, corn and cajun fries. The crab was cooked perfectly, the oysters were fresh and EVERYTHING was AMAZING!! I'm giving 4 stars instead of 5 because the service was just ok, nothing to note and they don't have there liquor license yet, but they do allow you to BYO beer & wine with receipt and ID. Bring your sharpie, it's fun to leave your mark on the place!! Did I mention the whole sha-bang?? ENJOY!!
3_star Decent little place with plenty of options Service can be a little surly but they are packed so can afford to be rude Veggie burger was the only thing I had that was bad but that's my fault for not sticking to the lamb burger which is great
1_star Living in Sun City Grand, we thought we would bring visiting relatives to Angela's. Thought the view of the golf course & lake would be nice. A great part of showing family how beautiful this place is. What a mistake! I was totally embarrassed how awful the food was! Plus the windows were absolutely filthy! My nephew had to send his Mahi Mahi back & told the waitress it was inedible! I had an awful salmon salad. Two orders of prime rib, well we took it home & have it to our dog! We should have realized this. The waitress greeted us with "we have only 4 pieces of Prime Rib left, and they are cooked medium"! In other words the were cooked already at 4pm???? I totally embarrassed! I took a chance & bought family to Angela's and it was just plain awful & the food just plain disgusting!! Never Again! Now I know why it was empty! Gave 1 star because the waitress tried!!!
2_star My experience was awful! I came in around 3 am to place a to go order. The staff wasn't very friendly at all, which is understandable. Who would be in a good mood serving drunk people in the middle of the night? I ordered a Grand Slamwich without ham or maple spread, with fries & a side of ranch. I payed for my food and waited. After 45 minutes of waiting I asked it my food was ready? I was going to cancel and just go home hungry, because waiting almost an hour for an egg sandwich and fries seemed absolutely ridiculous. Especially, considering that they weren't very busy. The lady said sorry and went to check on my food. She said they were boxing it up. She brought it to me shortly after. When I got in the car I checked my food. I had cold hard fries and no ranch. I just took the loss. I wasn't going to spend anymore of my time there. If I had went back for fresh fries I would've probably been there another 30 m minutes.
2_star Ladies and Gentlemen, I've tried Portillo's a couple of times, was drawn to it by the hype. If you're looking for some REAL CHICAGO STYLE EATS....Then you have to go to Dazzo's Dog House on west Glendale. I really think that there is no other place in the valley that honestly can say that they are authentic Chicago Style. My family and I have been going to Dazzo's for over 30 years. A true gem in the Valley, well worth the drive from anywhere in the Valley. Just the Italian Ice alone is worth the drive. I promise you that you won't regret it one bit.
2_star Below average the duck was cooked here yesterday or the day prior. The rice has too much water. The bok choi with garlic was good. The bill was 26.00 for me with no drink. It was a lot of money for average food. Only came here because the other restaurants didn't open this early.
4_star Amazing little place. The food is high-end and the design feels so classy and sophisticated. All the owners, servers and bartenders are super nice and promptly make you feel at home. The menu can be a little intimidating (like using the term "frites" for "thin cut fries") and some times it's hard to understand but both their basic food (ex. chicken wings) and their fancier stuff (ex. egg plant rolls) are delicious. A great place to impress a girl, or her parents ;)
2_star Don't visit for breakfast. Poor service, overpriced juice and coffee, very limited menu, food is average at best.
4_star Great lunch spot, good sandwich and salads. The asparagus sandwich is my favorite!
5_star I am shocked at the previous negative reviews. I come to this restaurant often and I've always had a good meal, and some of the best service ever. I would like to give special recognition to servers Kevin and Abby. Both have spectacular personalities and are a joy to be around. Highlights of the restaurant are cleanliness, CONSISTENCY (very important), and above all they offer healthy small portion meals. My boyfriend loves the shrimp meal and I like the chicken. I miss the pork chop meal that was discontinued! . Hopefully they'll bring it back. There is nothing generic from their salad dressing to even their barbecue sauce. There's after 8 o'clock specials of $4 appetizers, $2 slice pie and discount milkshakes. You also get 10% off if you are a Lakeland or Lake Erie College student. I love this restaurant and because it's healthy and cheap I could eat here every day. I'm not sure why the (2) $$ because 2 people could easily eat for under $20!!
2_star The 2.5 rating on Yelp is pretty accurate and I can attest to the service or lack thereof. Came here for lunch and tried the braised beef noodle soup. Couple of items I'd like to point out first. The environment and menu. Firstly, you are seated on benches which is not only uncomfortable but gives you nowhere to put your jacket. Perhaps they have a coat hanger (not sure didn't check), but it is not exactly something I feel comfortable doing given the environment and theft. Secondly the menus do not stay open when laid down on a table which makes it difficult to read the menu, let alone find the item that you want. I'd describe it as trying to read a new novel for the first time except triple the size. To me the taste of a restaurant's braised beef noodle soup when it comes to Northern Chinese food is a true indicator of how the rest of the food will taste. It is a staple like xialong bao. This is the reason I came here. Needless to say, I was not impressed. I understand that braised beef noodle soup can have a lot of tendons but when it makes up 90% of the content it is a little too much. The soup base was salty. If I were to describe it I would say that it tastes like hotpot soup with salt poured in for good measure. Nothing spicy nor flavorful as the salt overwhelms the pallet. I had asked for water, which never came, and ended up drinking a lot of the tea to save myself from dehydration. I won't be back to try the other dishes which is unfortunate given the scarcity of Northern Chinese cuisine in Mississauga.
2_star Stopped for breakfast on a Sunday. We were seated at a tiny table crammed in like sardines. The noise was deafening from the people and music playing. Got our orders, the food was just ok. They had the bay at the bar open and there were flies everywhere. It was September, so it was also extremely hot inside also. Really see no reason to return.
5_star For my money - and you'll have to spend some - best in the city. House made pastas, scratch sauces, brick oven pizzas (creative ones too - pistachio pesto, romano cheese, basil, mortadella, burrata - wow). I know people b*tch about about the waiting and limited reservations - ok, so if that's a problem, don't choose to go to one of the best restaurants in the city on a Friday or Saturday, prime time dinner rush. They are open 10am -- 11pm Tues- Thurs, too. In terms of actual pasta and pizza - probably the best I've had. Stacks up with anything you'll find in the North End.
3_star Good but not great. Red sauce was traditional. Spinach stems might have been trimmed. Stuffed pepper ap was cooked nicely but stuffing might have been more savory.
1_star I will never go back. Sat at the bar. Bartenders were ok, but I looked at my online banking the next day & they charged me for my tab and someone else's as well. I've never has issues with the City Tavern near my house but will think twice because of the mess now I have to go through to dispute this bill.
2_star From previous reviews I was expecting a pretty good tastey burger. I went through drive thru and ordered the standard burger with cheese. I had to wait around 5 mins...no big deal, I want fresh food. The burger was huge and had double patties. Everything about it was bland. The burger tasted purely like grease, the lettuce tasted dirty and it was just plain gross. I'm new to the area and really wanted to try out and support local businesses, however this place will not get my support. My stomach felt queezy the rest of the evening, I'm sure due to the abundance of grease. It dripped from the burger and every bite just seemed like a bland deep fryer mess. In and out and Culvers have way better burgers for much less. I paid 6.00 for just the burger here and I would pay more if it was a good burger, but the stand just isn't up to my standards. Soo disappointed. Looks like I'm still on the search for a good local burger joint close to my house.
4_star Great food, great beer, friendly service. I feel like the food is better during normal hours, I popped in for a late burger one night and was a little bummed, but they made it up by taking half off my bill, (burger and 2 beers) Check it out! Great spot!
1_star My family and I went to Aji Sai last weekend for lunch. They renovated their FOTH and it looks pretty decent. They also printed new menus since the last time we were there. We've always enjoyed coming to this place in the past, but we had a different experience this time. Food: - Their wakame salad (a cooked seaweed salad) is tasty. - Their fish does not taste fresh and has a mushy texture - Their rolls have very very little flavour (the spicy salmon rolls has NO taste. It's not even a bit spicy). - They do not have shrimp tempura during lunch service (whereas Sushi on 7, Maison du Japon, Yang's Kitchen all do) - Soft drinks are not included in the price (whereas again, the other AYCE restaurants nearby do) Service: - Servers are indifferent-- I don't mind, as long as you bring the food - Servers don't bring food. I think this is the problem. It's happened more than once. They bring the first round quickly, but the second round either takes forever, or does not come AT ALL. We waited 30 minutes for the second round orders, and finally gave up because we got full from sitting and waiting. When we told the manager to cancel or order and to just give us the bill, he looked annoyed and asked us what we ordered, and when told that we don't want it anymore and just the bill, he walked off w/o saying anything. Had to ask for the bill a second time. Hmm. I'm a low maint. kind of guy. I ain't rich, I don't go to high class restaurants, I don't care about decor-- I just don't like getting shafted. By the way, it definitely is a popular and busy restaurant. But look around you when you go.. you'll see that going to Aji Sai for Japanese food is kind of like going to Mandarin for Chinese...
3_star My experience at pita jungle was disappointing. I just went here to grab a quick lunch. The server seemed a bit rude and rushed. Price are decent for the portion. All in all just an okay meal with few disappointments. With so many other options on the street I probably won't be coming back..
3_star The most accurate way to describe Casa Nayarit is a somewhat authentic Mexican restaurant which takes many liberties with the Pittsburgh palate. Judging from their true Mexican dishes Casa Nayarit deserves more than 3 stars, however, the compromised menu drops their authenticity and limits their overall rating in my mind. Here is my candid review: The legitimate authenticity in part: decor, price point, their salsas (tomatillo is roasted and amazing though their roja is way too mild - catering to the area), dishes such as bistec a la mexicana, ttampiquena, molcajete, camerones diablo, carnitas verde, carnitas ranchero, carne asada, enchiladas verde, tacos de pescada, huevos a la mexicana, & the friendly native language Spanish employees and more. I wonder why they do not serve mole other than perhaps the chefs are not from Oaxaca (hence the Nayarit name) and they don't want to sell the amazing sauce short of its true glory. The standard Americanized liberties: flour tortillas as the default option, giant burritos (burritos are not a true Mexican dish but places like Juarez and Sinoloa will serve a version due to the blurring Tex Mex lines in Northern Mexico), hard shell tacos, having to ask for lime wedges, lettuce and cheese as taco toppings (that is a BIG no-no, they should at least give customers a Mexican option with cilantro, onion and tomatillo sauce), no Jarritos, cheese smothered refried beans rather than true black or pinto beans, tortillas with melted cheese dip, as well as some other things on their menu. All in all, Casa Nayarit is a mid-Atlantic Mexican restaurant who must make financial ends meet hence the mostly understandable decisions to cater to all clientele. They do a very good job, mostly, in using fresh, quality ingredients while trying to balance some of their root cuisine with a heavy Tex-Mex influence and food American palates are accustom to eating. Their quality of food has always been excellent even when some of the flavors have been on the mild side. I have been a customer around 30 times and ordered a large part of their menu. I have left pleased with taste of their dishes much more often than not. I wish they would add more spice to some of their traditional, authentic, genuine Mexican dishes, though. Having written that, they do have more than their share of the Hispanic community who eat in their restaurant. That community seems to order a Molcajete. It is an amazingly tasty, super flavorful, unique dish made in their own certain way served in a traditional molcajete. For the most part, if you want AUTHENTIC, KNOW what you are ordering, and are very specific you can be very pleased. If you think you know authentic and order chips with cheese or a fajita burrito you will still be happy because the quality will be good. If you just want Americanized Mexican they have a place on the menu for you too. This is a nice, semi authentic restaurant (but please add soft corn tortillas as standard) on the verge of taking too many Tex Mex chances which distance themselves from their true Mexican roots. Food comparable to: El Campesino with a more home style but less authentic feel. Recommended but YMMV.
1_star Terrible service n management. Things were just handled in a very poor manner w lack of management experience. I visited Wednesday 8/23/2017 around 6pm or so.
5_star As good as it gets. I've never had mole this good. Ever. The Tamal Oaxacaeno is absurd. The Tlayudas are unreal. Someone pinch me, I'm dreaming. Next time someone tries to tell you that San Diego has better Mexican food than Phoenix, remind them that La 15 y Salsas exists, and end the argument. As good a meal as you'll ever eat.
4_star I really liked this place. The food was delicious and innovative, the staff were friendly and helpful, the ambiance was lovely. I give them 4 stars just for high prices given the tiny portions.
1_star Friendly service and nice decor. Burger patties were terrible. As good as those you get for free at picnics and what have you. The regular fries are a bit greasy and below average. I couldn't even finish the burger or fries.I actually think Mcdonalds is tastier. Tragic I know. Haven't tried the fried mars bar nor the philly steak sands or the dogs, though. Those might be good.
3_star We have been a long time customer and eat here just about every weekend. The service staff is great. Since the new management has taken over seems like the wait, non peak time, has gotten longer. Several time there are areas of empty tables - under staffed? They have removed my favorite meal since moving to First Watch direction. Delivery of meals has also gotten longer.
5_star Best fried chicken I have ever had. We went for brunch and started with the fried green tomato BLT. It was so delicious and unique. Next I had the chicken and waffles and my husband had the plain fried chicken. We both agreed it was the best fried chicken ever. The cocktails were delicious and so were the mimosas. I wish we had saved room for desert! Service was excellent and I loved the ambience.
4_star Grass jelly roasted milk tea with tapioca half sweet!
4_star When driving up off of Glendale Ave, you get to see very lively but campy murals and 3 massive parking lots before you enter the back door (the main entrance-don't try the door at the front or you'll never get in). The food is just like you'd want from a traditional, homestyle, local, family owned joint-- excellent rice and beans (all homemade), great enchilada and tamale sauces, excellent tortillas, fresh chips and sweet tomato salsa. The prices were excellent-- lunch specials for 5 bucks, dinner platters for 1-2 people 9.50. Give this place a try. It's a real down home place.
2_star Definitely had better fake meat/veggie buddhist experiences. Mostly things were overfried and greasy, and mainly batter instead of the actual protein. I hope this isn't the best Calgary has to offer the fake meat enthusiast!
3_star The food is great but the servers aren't. The place isn't even full but every time i come here i can't get a refill ever!
2_star The quality of food at this location specifically can be described in one word: "meh". Meaning not very fresh, under/over cooked and sloppily pieced together. I love the idea of Zoe's and I think their menu is awesome but the inconsistency with this store is a shame, esp with its awesome location and high volume of customers. So why even bother writing a review? I'd love to see this location turn it around and start caring about the food quality and customer service. I feel like with Zoe's you want to get away from fast food but too often I'm disappointed with how my food looks and tastes, like it was just thrown together and sent on it's way. I mostly order online and when I get home I noticed items are missing also. Extremely frustrating.
1_star Was very displeased as a regular client of Khao San Road. I have come here for a couple years... always in person. The other day I tried to order take out I was trying to get through for over 30mins calling over and over and over again. I was EXTREMELY unhappy with the fact that I was pushing close to an HOUR with trying to order food. I called Northern Thai and they picked up the phone immediately.
3_star The fried green tomatoes were great. As was the gumbo. The food was not otherwise noteworthy. It's a southern theme. The fried chicken had good flavor but the meat was dry. They used boneless chicken breast which didn't help the juiciness. This place is middle of the pack as far as dining options in Ohio City.
2_star Very cool vibe but the hamburger sucked. Its definitely not your typical American burger. Plus it was way too expensive. You are better off finding a Five Guys. I know it exists up there.
4_star My first trip to the Duce was to see the Scandalesque show there. I had no idea what to expect, which was good, because I would have been wrong. Inside The Duce, you'll find the following: a very casual restaurant, a boxing ring, a vintage (REAL vintage, not the fake-vintage hipster fodder) clothing store, an ice cream bar, a tiny boutique-ish grocery area, a café, and (coming soon) a pie shop. I can only review the restaurant part. The dining area has walls, but no ceiling, making the atmosphere interesting. It also made the atmosphere REALLY COLD ... half of the propane heaters weren't turned on. The menu is small, with mostly brunch items and sliders, but they do have a few salads and larger plates. The salads our group ordered were delicious, and the sliders were original and surprisingly fresh. I also had a side of their homemade beans and cole slaw. The beans seemed to be sweetened with maple syrup to the point where I almost couldn't finish them. The slaw was just flat-out odd; I still have no idea what was in it. But it was also incredibly tasty! On the down side, I think the management is still trying to figure out how to run the place; they seemed overwhelmed by the crowd even before it got very crowded. But I have faith that this will work itself out. Parking is pretty sparse, but this is downtown; you should expect that. And some of the pricing on the menu doesn't make any sense: a gourmet salad was only $5, but a tiny dollop of baked beans was $3.50? I hope they make some adjustments soon.
4_star Okay, so I might be a total weirdo, but I wake up craving Pei Wei's fried rice some days. There is very little I enjoy more than waking up hungry at 10 AM on one of my days off, logging on to Pei Wei's website, and ordering fried rice just the way I like it without having to explain it to anyone and risk them writing it down wrong. I'm antisocial, so what? Then, I know that when they open at 11 AM they will have my very special order of fried rice hot and ready waiting for me. The portions are huge, so a $6-$7 order of fried rice can last me up to four meals, which is an awesome [if not exactly healthy] deal. I don't really like much of their other food that I've tried. There's some sort of curry dish that was nice, but I'm sticking to my fried rice with extra egg... yum.
2_star Grilled chicken salad was disgusting - chicken was fatty and tasted straight out of the packaged deli section at Walmart. Also, it is advertised as coming with carrots and cabbage. Mine had neither ingredient. Pizza was good. I won't be back though.
1_star Brutal how loud it is gee's and the servers dress skankey high skirts and just look trashy. Its alright inside after the renovations at least. The food its a 1 star to. The bands that play are alright. I wont come back that is for sure!
1_star I've lived near this bakery for years and got small cakes that were always amazing but when I went to book my wedding cake through them they were at first very helpful, then incredibly rude! I made an initial payment to do cake samplers, they shortly there after called me and informed me in the two weeks I needed a cake done it was impossible to get sample flavors done so "I would have to just trust them with my wedding cake" so foolish! They f**ked it up so bad!! They appeared nice enough every time I gave them more money even though it seemed to keep no official record of my visit or inquires because I would get continuous voicemails for more money after the initial payment and every time I went in to pay they had to re-design my cake multiple times. I wanted a simple 8 person cake, white with red roses seemed simple enough. I did want different flavored cakes THAT THEY OFFERED and different flavored frostings. On my wedding day I ended up catching a cold and pushed back the ceremony an hour, they could not hold the cake, they WOULD NOT hold the cake a minute longer so we decided fine we'd pick it up & I was devastated. For as much money as we paid and as many people we told exactly what we wanted, for them to completely ignore everything and give me a plain vanilla cake with flowers that were literally in the box they gave it in ALREADY COMPLETELY FALLEN OFF. Claiming "there was nothing they could do about it now that they had fallen off" I have pictures I will upload to prove the injustice. No one should have to deal with this on their wedding day! Worst bakery in Las Vegas!!!!! Save your money and go somewhere else for a big event or be severely disappointed by the rude owner & poor business!
4_star First Chinese I've had since moving to Vegas and I really enjoyed it. I ordered the hot garlic sauce with chicken and fried rice. It was very good, spicy with a great flavor. I'll certainly go back.
1_star Treated like a nuisance as opposed to a paying customer. Wait staff walks by customers without stopping to ask if anything is needed, they don't check to see how your meal is, no refills for water, iced tea, soda, so disappointed. Had to even ask the waiter to finally bring the check! Food was just okay bar food...however, the lack of solid customer service will keep us from EVER going back.
3_star Went on Family Day and the place was hopping as we had expected. The staff were friendly but they seemed to be struggling and overwhelmed by the volume of diners - slow to clean-up tables, take orders, complete tickets, and cash out. We weren't in any particular hurry, so it didn't bother us that much, but we could see that other guests were agitated and made the vibe less fun (otherwise, great playlist and fun decor). As for the food, the items are what you'd expect to find at a typical diner but seriously under-seasoned on this occasion... well, that's being kind. Some things were downright bland. We hope they'll iron out the kinks and bounce back to be a really strong and vibrant dining option in the neighbourhood.
4_star I went to Bar_One for Sunday brunch with a dear friend who I hadn't seen in a long while. I called the day before to reserve a table on the back patio (FYI they accept reservations for seatings before 11 a.m only), and when I got there was seated with a smile. I quickly realized that eating on the patio on a day like this would cause me to melt away, so I asked the server if there happened to be a table free inside (in the air conditioning!). This was after we had ordered and already started sipping our delicious mimosa's! Lucky for us, there was a table free and our server was nothing but helpful and friendly throughout the transition inside. Now for the eats! Dee-liiissshhh-oouuuss!!! I had the Ozo Buco (egg in the hole) with smoked Salmon and spicy hollandaise. The bread was thick, and soft, and the hollandise was draped inside meticulously as not to take over the dish. I also ordered a side of peameal ($2) to complete my tasting, and I was in heaven!! My brunch companion ordered the Bar_One Brunch and was just as impressed. Eggs, potatos, pancakes.. The perfect portions to make a successful meal. I will go so far to say that Bar_One has one of the best brunches in the city. Plus, who can resist an atmosphere that is modern yet has a family feel? Well done guys, I will most definitely be back!
5_star This place has been my favorite restaurant for 10 years. It's amazing! I always get the Mediterranean Calamari and oysters on half shell... But truthfully... Everything is awesome! 5 star! Highly recommend if u enjoy seafood!
5_star Can you say Latin without saying Tex-Mex or Southwest grill? Why yes, Mi Comida Latino!! The food is straight off the streets Central and South America. The only strange part is the chips and salsa served up front. Very strange. But the menu, oh the menu! Unique, exciting, authentic, hard to pronounce and difficult to remember. The stews are fabulous, and the brisket is to die for. Do not miss the shrimp stew if you like Cajun food. You will love the banana leaf wrapped fish and flan as well. Be forewarned the fiery nature of the pepper condiment and remember that Argentinean can rival Thai for the what-is-hot debate. The seating is homey, small, and service can be a bit slow. This is really and truly comfort food from south of the taco and tamale combination plate state line. We can't give half-stars so I'm going to go on the up side of 4 and a half just based on the food quality and authenticity.
4_star Oh, Juan's, you taunt me with your scrumptious #28 (cheese enchilada and chili relleno). The beau and I recently discovered this place, way too close to our home, and we now need to eat their two or three times a week. Really good chips and a fresh, simple and bright-flavored salsa. Packed at lunch time but they still have super fast service.
4_star This was our first buffet in las vegas. We got the buffet in buffets and this was our first stop. We were there at 2:30 Sunday afternoon. Hardly anybody in the line so we were seated right away. The food was good. I like their prime rib, asian session, and gelato. Overall, I would like to give them a 4-star.
1_star We stopped in for a margarita, beer and appetizer. The place was busy as the Tempe art festival was underway. The hostess told us the wait was 45 minutes. She was really stressed out. We eventually made our way to the bar and sat down. I ordered a margarita off the specialty menu. I watched my drink get poured out of a premade jug. No taste of tequila at all. I asked the bartender if that was normal. She said yes. I let her know I was truly disappointed. If your going to put specialty drinks on your menu, make them that way. Salsas were terrible. I will not go back to this place or suggest it to anyone. Beware.
5_star Love this place. Lunch salad was perfect. Jeska behind the bar was fun and really cool!
2_star Food is good. For what they charge, yes portions are a bit on the small side. I have been here on two occasions. One time I ordered the silver dollar pancakes which I really enjoyed. The other time, I ordered bacon pancakes which were just ok. The place is clean and they offer a nice looking menu with an array of breakfast items, but the quality of customer service is bad. I don't like going somewhere where I feel like I am being processed through. On my second visit especially, my friend and I had arrived an hour and a half before closing. Now I fully understand that people are tired but when chairs are being stacked and the register is being closed out before the closing time is a bit much, especially when the server and manager kept coming up to our table asking us to hurry up and pay. We had just received our food and had them in our face demanding our money. May come back here, may not.
3_star Very disappointed that we were not informed that our gift card did not include alcohol when we checked in at first and asked specifically if our card was legitimate. We won't be back even though your food and beer/wine was fine. Just another steak place.
3_star Note to Vegas douchebags (all of you): when you are planning a dinner at a well known restaurant that's oozing stars and dollar signs, Ed Hardy is not considered dressing up. This is my splurge dinner on this vacation. I'm writing this at the table - key tones off of course, keeping it classy. I had a reservation for 9:00, got there 5 minutes early, and waited 25 minutes. Not unheard of, but neither is an apology or a "thank you for waiting." I also felt a little ignored as a single diner not ordering alcohol. My soda glass sat empty for a long time before I was asked if I wanted another. This happened twice, once between appetizer and main course, and once when i had a third of my steak left. No mention of whether I would be charged for refills, but either way that will be factored into the tip. Either assume that I would like it refilled and don't let it hit the table empty, or show some sort of bottle or other indication that I'll be seeing $4-5 each on the bill. I also didn't appreciate the lonely roll that was deposited on my table. Just because I'm by myself doesn't mean I don't want a little basket of warm rolls to scarf down at my leisure. I was asked if I wanted another after I was done, and I declined. It was also brought out at the end of the appetizer, which indicated to me that it had been initially forgotten. My appetizer was completely delicious. I am sad to inform you that it was a special and may not be there when you dine. It was lump crab and gnocchi. Pesto, brown butter, lemon. The crab tasted like Dungeness, the best of course. The gnocchi was toasty and so delicate that I could have eaten it with a spoon like ice cream. Next came the rib eye, medium, and creamed corn gratinee. The corn was good. The topping was crispy. The steak was definitely closer to medium well than medium. I expect a $50 steak to be flavorful and cut like butter. There were bites that I felt I was choking down. I also found it to be underseasoned. When I asked for sauces, I was given three options. Bearnaise, Emeril style A-1, and something muttered of which I only heard worcestershire. I think it might have been just that. I opted for the E-1. It didn't solve the seasoning issue and I found the taste odd. The verdict is in on the diet coke. It was three dollars and I was not charged for refills. Why keep asking then? I don't see how that could be considered elevated service. I had a much better meal and experience last year at SW at the Wynn. I will not be back to Delmonico.
3_star This place was good,my cousin recommended it since she seen it on Man vs Food. I'm not huge burger fanatic but I went with the majority of the group. All burgers come with chili which wasn't bad and fries do not come with the burger. I had a single bypass burger for 9 bucks and only bottle soda but it was ok. Great atmosphere!
1_star Terrible! And really sad I have to give him a 1 star.....their staff are rude and unwelcoming! We tried to get a table near the bar and the hostess said we HAD to sit at the bar and we could not get a table to get a drink...she said it "was the rule"...and they weren't even busy...ALL of the tables by the bar were open! If they were busy I would totally understand but they weren't...to me...that is terrible customer service and very disappointing!
3_star Went on a weekday evening with friends. Restaurant wasn't busy. Food was okay. Rates aren't high and the quantities are reasonable. Taste is nothing extraordinary, like any other Hakka Chinese restaurant. Service needs to improve. Staff wasnt very professional either. You are not missing anything if you haven't been here.
4_star Great place to bring the kids. Good burgers, good shake, good fries. Limited menu that they execute well. Kids meals come in cute cardboard oldies cars.
4_star The sushi is great--tastes fresh and is prepared quickly. Don't order their noodles, however. One night I had a hankering for beef udon, so I called in an order and ran to pick it up. I had to re-season the broth myself it had absolutely no flavor. But that's ok because their sushi is still worth it.
3_star Trendy atmosphere and great service. Scones are amazing and a must have if you pop in for brunch. Entrees were so-so, however. Eggs benedict were overcooked and the omelette was just about average for something at this price point. Overall a pretty standard brunch place but given the service and atmosphere probably a good 3.5 star plus.
3_star As far as the food goes I love their pizza and gyros. Their fries would be good but they are always soggy. The reason they are getting 3 stars is because of their creepy delivery guy with the tattoos on his arm that looks like a convict. He always makes comments when he comes to my house such as "where is your old man tonight" or has brought me free sprite even though I didn't order. So I started to do pick up only because I didn't want him at my house if I was alone. One day I walked in and placed my order and had told the guy behind the counter about how uncomfortable I was and he told me that the delivery driver I was speaking of would not be working their much longer and I could order deliver again soon. Low and behold when I was waiting for my order the creepy delivery driver walks in and says "is my delivery too slow for you" and makes me feel completely uncomfortable. I no longer order from there unless my husband is home because he has shown up a few times now and I refuse to answer the door. We order from other places which is a shame because we do like their food.
2_star I wish I read reviews before eating here. We ultimately decided to eat here because we were sooo hangry and the menu looked pretty delicious. I ordered the pasta primavera and it was so bland. It had no flavor whatsoever. Btw, I am a huge foodie and flavor is everything to me. Really, the best part of the meal was the little garlic bread roll that came with it. My husband ordered the Ribeye and it tasted alright. The only negative, the ribeye was ordered medium rare and no pink was seen when we cut into it. It was pretty much well done. I'm giving an extra star because the waiter was very attentive and decor of the restaurant was nice.
1_star Called and asked where I could find a menu online to place a take out order. Was told UrbanSpoon and facebook. Only urbanspoon had a menu and I asked saying it was from 2011 and was told that was right. When I later called to place the order, the price was $14 more than what the menu on urbanspoon had. I hung up and redid the math and called again. I was told if I was unhappy with their prices I could go elsewhere, no apology for an employee telling me to find an inaccurate menu online. I was pretty surprised by the rude customer service.
1_star This would have been a nice experience had our order not been made incorrect, our meals actually arrive at the same time, and had the food been made that day. Supposedly this place has been around for a decade, however it struggled with only four seated tables. I ordered two empanadas in leu of an entree and my boyfriend had ordered the curried chicken. After multiple, "the chef is working on your food right now," excuses I was presented with a single beef empanada, and he, the curried chicken. As a vegetarian this presented a problem, and I was still missing an empanada. Roughly 10 minutes later I received my correct empanadas. They seemed a little dry to me, but at this point I was too hungry to care. It wasn't until we had finished eating that the waitress came to our table with bottles of sauces and say, "Oh I guess you didn't need any sauce!" The curried chicken was floating in about 1/4 cup of broth which he used to rehydrate the dry rice that still held the form of the measuring cup it was scooped with. Chef Mike (microwave) obviously reheated the rice and beans. The rice was crunchy, and the beans were dry and split. The salad took up half the plate, and was simply pico de gallo on a bed of iceberg lettuce. He would have been happy with this for lunch, served on a paper plate, from a food truck for $7. It did not pass as a $13 entree item. Items ordered: Patacones, Bean & Spinach Empanadas, Curried Chicken, Jamaican Iced Tea, Caipirinha
4_star Their homestyle mac and cheese seems overpriced but it is definitely very very very good! Chili burger is very good, and sometimes I go there with my boyfriend just for their shakes! Mmm! Plus the atmosphere is super cute and nifty! They have car shows and other stuff sometimes in the evening, and outside areas where you can bring your pet. Very helpful and friendly service even if you're just getting a shake.
1_star This was a HORRIBLE place to eat. The food was the best part but that's not saying much. The restaurant itself is a nasty 80's salmon pink hue with chandeliers trying to be something it's not. It looks like it is, a hotel restaurant. First off, they screwed up our reservation. They had us as a no show for 5 o'clock but we came in on time for our 8 o'clock reservations. The place was only half empty and they acted as though they'd have to scramble to find us a table. They finally sat us and didn't give us a menu until we asked. We also had to ask for a drink menu. We came for restaurant week so the menu was limited but it sounded so good (hence why we came). The food was completely forgetable and generic. Not worthy of the time, money or calories. They also had run out of many items on the menu, which the waitress said "This is our first restaurant week, and we didn't know what to expect." I can't even remember what I ordered it was that bad and forgetable. Will never come back.
1_star New to the area and was looking for a good restaurant close by. Decided to try Garcia's after they sent us a coupon in the mail. From the reviews I gathered it would more American- Mexican food and less authentic. I was ok with that and went to give it a try. Drinks: it was 5:30 and I thought we would get happy hour prices, but to my dismay I guess you have to check out by 6 and not put your order in by 6. Pretty crappy, but whatever. So I ordered what I think was called the coco motion margarita. It was terrible and tasted like a chemical cleaner and not good at all. Plus it was around $12! My husband ordered the ultimate margarita and he said it was ok. The chips,salsa and bean dip were disgusting. The salsa was a runny mess and the thick pastey bean dip was bland. On to the entree- I decided to try what they are known for the Pollo Fundido. It was terrible. There was so much melted gooey fake cheese on it...I just peeled it all off. Under the cheese was a later of sour cream, which didn't really go with the abundance of cheese, not to mention it was hot and runny. The chicken itself was just a shredded once again tasteless mess. The black beans, which I usually enjoy, were bland and tasted like they were just dumped there from a can. They weren't even hot. My husband ordered steak fajitas. Which he enjoyed. I tried a bite and it did taste pretty good. He ordered charro beans and they were the same, bland and gross. We will not be returning here. I guess if you decide to try it fajitas are probably your best bet. On a good note the staff was prompt and courtious.
2_star Went a few weeks ago and it was abysmal, but given our history with the place were willing to give it a second chance..... big mistake. Right across the board, our party of 6 all described the food as disappointing. It's a shame when a formerly awesome restaurant slides into mediocrity, sadly this is very much the case with Le Papillon. I will say that the service was absolutely incredible both times we went, however even this isn't enough to get us to return.
4_star I've been waiting for On the Rise to sell sandwiches for as long as they have been open. So last Wednesday, I drive over, walk in and find out they only serve sandwiches Thur-Sat. Bummer. As it happens, the next day was Thursday and sandwiches were a go. My wife and I shared the Miller's Beef and House Burrata. Both were excellent. Surprisingly enough, as a meat loving guy, the House Burrata (Mozz and veggies) was better than the Miller's Beef. Really the only issue I have with On the Rise is the limited number of days that they offer lunch. I strongly recommend trying them out for lunch if you are on the east-side.
1_star We at at El Chorro this morning and we were VERY DISAPPOINTED ... The food was flavorless and overpriced. I ordered a sandwich with a side of mayonnaise and it must have been from the night before. it had congealed and there was ketchup on the bottom of the bowl (like it had been taken off someones plate and reused) ... It was nasty and did not spread. Once we complained to the waitress we were comped my sandwich but no other apologies made... We spent over $90.00 for 2 adults and 3 children for a Sunday morning brunch (which included 1 mimosa.) Wow... $4 Orange Juices and $10.00 chicken tenders. Don't waste your money unless you are just trying to find a restaurant with a good view.
1_star I placed an order online and I was told 10-15 minutes more once I arrived because they were backed up, that's fine. 25 minutes later I see one person storm out mad because his order was never placed. I asked for the status of my order and it also wasn't placed. 5 minutes later my order comes out looking completely disgusting. I spoke with Eric (assistant manager) then I spoke with Cherry (The Store Manager) they stated that if I needed to complain to someone else about this then they have no one for me. At first Cherry did not even want to come out, as the store manager she should feel more responsible for her staff and for the quality of the food, instead she seemed less sympathetic for my wait or quality of food than the other employees. -- Maybe it's fault for thinking this place would provide quality.... I have pictures for all to see.
2_star Nice ambiance and friendly staff were not enough to compensate for my over cooked steak. Also ordered the "poblano and parmesan" creamed corn, wouldn't recommend it unless you just want corn and bread crumbs. It was flavorless. The best part of our meal were the crab cakes. Ruth Cris is a safer bet for my money.
1_star Horrible! service food everything, I would not recomend it to any one! please dont waste your money like i did!
2_star Limited menu. If you are watching your salt intake. This is not the place to go
2_star Food tastes just OK, but portion small !! Came at 2:45pm and asked for lunch !! But the staff only give us tea time menu and dinner menu!! Finally we order 6 tea time dishes for 3 people and cost us $36 and more!! But we didn't feel full !!
5_star just had lunch here today. delicious, very cheap! $12 lunch buffet. you do not help yourself, instead they serve you a platter with 3 veggie dishes and 3 meat. It may seem like you don't fill up your plate as much as a standard serve yourself buffet, but it is very filling, and the quality is way better than a serve yourself buffet. Not greasy at all..this was superb! Delicious! I recommend it if you're in the mood for indian,, and don't like the idea of traditional buffets. This is cleaner, and the food is sent to you perfectly, not dry or mixed all together like in normal buffets.
4_star I had "The Greek" pizza, its delicious. Here on a Saturday night lots of people and great service. I find the brick ceiling to be interesting at the bar. Beer was priced good they don't have Bud light on draft which is my usual.
2_star I eat here once in awhile when I get the craving for American style buffet food. Food is better Friday thru Sunday but is still just ok. Give it a try.
4_star This location is the only one I've been to and I would recommend it. I usually come for dinner and I would say there's about 10 - 15 minute wait on weekends but the staff is friendly and courteous, the food is good and prices are reasonable.
3_star Was a decent Lunch. Had the chicken kabobs with rice. Not much chicken for the price and was a bit dry. But all in all. Was a good meal.
5_star I always go here for lunch. The prices are reasonable and the portions are pretty good. Prob my most favorite restaurant in South Charlotte. All their chicken dishes are amazing especially the Szechuan chicken. The sushi tastes fresh as well. And I love that they have the all you can eat sushi buffet during lunch.
1_star I would not even give a star cuz this is the worst Chiu Chau restaurant I have tried in my life. Food was terrible. It didn't even meet the Chiu Chau standard. The tofu tasted sour it probably turned bad. The soup we ordered was super spicy to a point that I got choked! It's not drinkable. Poor customer service from the waiter and waitress! I have black listed this restaurant and will never come back again.
2_star I've had better shawarama, it just tastes a little bland to me. The homemade hot sauce is pretty good though. Since its so close by to my office, I wouldn't mind having lunch here once in awhile.
4_star Great selection of beer Excellent food Ok service The French style pizzas, the poutines and the sausages are noteworthy of repeat visits Summertime the patio is quite nice overlooking at the happy crowd heading to watch a movie but when the outside is not an option the inside is quite nice and cozy. The decoration is nice and accentuated by the equipment they use to brew their own award winning beers. The sacks of wheat is a nice touch to show off that they do indeed make their own beer but also gives the interior character Definitely a place worth trying with family and friends
5_star Got the Ahi tuna bowl - the ingredients were fresh, colorful, & delicious! Perfect for anyone who's sensitive to spicy foods (like me). Every member of the staff was friendly & extremely helpful. 10/10 would eat there again!
4_star Perfectly situated next to Costco, you can easily grab lunch pre or post a grocery run. However, be prepared to wait. Try to go before or after the rush so you don't have to wait too long. Fortunately, the lobby is fairly large so you shouldn't need to wait outside. The BBQ pork (char siu) here is probably the best I've had in the city. It reminds me of the char siu you get in Hong Kong where the meat just melts in your mouth. Definitely order this. If you're short on time, get this for take out! The dim sum is on point. The pineapple bbq pork bun is stuffed with pork and tastes great. The food comes out fast and service is courteous and friendly. This place is a bit pricey, especially dinner. Nonetheless, recommended.
1_star this places sucks. that dutch crunch bread was stale, understandable since they ship it in i guess, but it seems that expense makes them skimp on the other stuff. interior was shabby, staff seemed engrossed in a discussion that i was interrupting. the 4.5 star rating is a scam, probably all the employees from all the other chains spamming 5 stars.
5_star Great meal...wish I cold give more stars. Get the tasting menu, makes it easier and is a great mix of food! Can't miss place!
5_star Awesome meals...wonderfully entertaining! Best Italian food in Nevada! Kelly Clinton Holmes is an Awesome Emcee/Hostess. Love the local talent, the family feel of the place and the service, too!
4_star The pulled pork was good, the sweet and spicy sauce was good, the mac and cheese was insane!
2_star We were seated at the worst table this location has which is right in front of the kitchen door. It was like a strobe light shining on our table as the wait staff ventured in and out of the kitchen. The food was served hot but was just ok in terms of flavor. The lasagna had to be the thinnest I have ever eaten and was just one layer thick. Service was ok but nothing special. Don't envision going here again
3_star After reading the reviews posted by others here I am a little surprised. I am starting to loose faith in peoples tastes. I was here on Saturday 7-21 and we had 4 plates. Beet salad Smoked Salmon toast Squid Pallea I will not try and dazzle you with crap I hear the panel on Iron chef use to describe what they are eating, just the truth from me. What is the big fuss? I didnt find anythingt to be out of this world. The Salmon toast was by far the best thing we had. Beet salad next was good. Dressing was light greens were fresh big pieces of beet so all in all was a good salad. Squid was ok. It was tender, not chewy and had good flavor. The pallea. Well I dont know what the others were eating but it wasnt what I had. Way way way to salty. The flavor of the shrimp, squid and mussles were all to weak to fight against the power of the salt. The sausage was the culprit!! Rice seamed to be a bit over cooked as well. If this is secert spot for some your secret is safe with me. If I went back there it would only be to have one of there excellent mojitos. I had the blood orange and it was very well prepared. I give it 3 stars for the drinks. If it based off the food then it is a 1.5 stars. I dont rate a place by parking ease, or wait time but considering we had no wait and parking right up front.
1_star This was probably the worst coffee experience I have ever had. The barista was extremely extremely rude and very slow. I waited ten minutes to put in my order and there were only two people in front of me. When I reached the counter, I tried to order a drink with caramel...they were out of caramel. My friend tried to order a chai latte...they were out of chai. Then I ordered granola and they were out of almond milk... i got non-fat milk instead which was about room temperature. This was 930 in the morning so they were clearly unprepared for the day. Meanwhile, two other guys were working at the coffee shop but just standing around! Go to the store and buy everything you are out of or help make a drink! I will never come back here. In addition, the cappuccino was definitely below average.
1_star This place was horrible. The waiters were decent, but they brought us the wrong items and gave us a hard time when we wanted the right ones. The pasta was also inedible and when we tried to send it back, after they had taken it away, they told us if we wanted a replacement dish we would have to pay for both dishes. We asked to talk to the manager, who is also the owner. He refused 2 times to talk to us, until we relayed that we would be posting a review on Yelp. Then he came over and agreed not to charge us for the wrong meals, which had already been removed. Horrible customer service. And we still had to pay for our drinks and they never offered to send us the right food.
2_star Where to begin? It's not Thai it's not Californian... It's one of those order your food at the counter and seat yourself venues. Counter lady was nice enough. Prices and portions were good as well. When it comes down food, well I ordered the pad Thai with chicken. I'm a pad Thai eating fool and let me tell you this was not pad Thai. It did not look, taste, or smell like pad Thai. This was a botched attempt at it. I should have known better after realizing the operators were not Thai, which is ok as long as they get it right. If it's good it's made with tamarind, if its ok its made with tomato sauce, this was definitely neither and tasted like noodles fried with soya sauce. The dish it self was not awful, just very very very disappointing!
2_star My first two-star review - and well-deserved, lol. Why do so many non-asians fall for the Asian-named, fakey Asian themed restaurants? Could I open a retail establishment with an 'exotic' name like Shangri-La, Tao, or Buddha Bar and start raking in the bucks because Americans believe in exotica due to never traveling internationally? Le Bistro?? Le Car???? This place is as overrated as they come. My bias is that I don't like Vegas in general, but this place reminds me of the worst fakey aspects of Vegas, Hollywood, and Beverly Bills. The real Buddha might have laughed his belly off at the vanity, superficiality, and ego-parfum of this place, or silently glided through the materialistic depravity. I had a vegetarian bowl....about 3.00 worth of vegetables with a 400% markup, which was my fault. I read some online reviews that were all so glowing I lost my marbles and went. Lost some bucks, and more importantly I wasted another sliver of my life. Going to Vegas even for that 80 minutes, after being in Zion National Park , almost ruined the serenity I gained the during the whole trip. The restaurant Tao has nothing to do with the real Way of the Tao, as far as I can see. It's just another trendy, forgettable, disposable waste of time and money, situated in a shopping mall!
5_star Great food, great service!! Our group of 8 enjoyed the variety of food and beer. Had the popovers and lettuce wraps appetizers. The fresh horseradish with the popovers was so fresh!! A number of us has the Shepherds Pie and enjoyed it.
2_star I was not impressed by the chicken teriyaki or the avocado & cucumber rolls. Entree was supposed to come with vegetables but what I received was three microscopic pieces of cold broccoli arranged in some sort of flower pattern and of course sticky rice. Very misleading indeed.The sauce on the chicken was absolutely watery and gross. Maki rolls were not fresh and it took quite awhile for the food to come out. The place was empty that night FYI - but generally I felt ripped off and left hungry.
3_star I've been here a couple times, but the last time was not the most enjoyable experience. I will give them the benefit of the doubt since everyone was trying to use their expiring livingsocial deal...as was I. There was an hour wait to be seated, then once we were seated, there was another hour wait for my food. When I asked what the hold up was, the waitress checked and said that the order did not reach the kitchen, even though she had put it in...what?? She basically forgot to put it in. When we finally got our food, it was pretty good. They were out of the chicken which I wanted, so I ended up getting the steak. No complaints on the food. The manager came to speak to us and offered me a $25 gift card. So I will be going back there at least one more time.
4_star Went for lunch and really enjoyed the all-you-can-eat menu. Simple choices but all tasty and brought out quickly. Plus the serving sizes for curries/noodles are relatively small so you don't feel scared to try multiple items. Red dynamite rolls are fabulous along with the Kalbi beef ribs and salmon roses. Definitely feels a little rushed in there near the end of the meal but when we mentioned it the waitress immediately smiled and apologized!! I will definitely be back!
2_star Ok, I've been here a number of times and always get the #13 Original Italian. Not a bad sandwich at all, but I always have to make sure I ask for them to go light on the vinegar and oil or else they FLOOD the sandwich with them. So, made right it's not a bad sandwich but I prefer other sub places. The reason I rate them so low is I tried the Philly Cheesesteak today. WOW, ZERO flavor!! I ate half the sandwich and gave up. This by far is the worst and most flavorless cheesesteak I've tried in the Phoenix area so far. Moving here 3 years ago, I've tried a number of cheesesteak places trying to find one that compared to my favorite place back home. I've found a few good ones and some bad ones, but this was by far the worst. I can only recommend that Jersey Mike's PLEASE add some type of seasoning to your meat on these things. My wife and I both tried them and the only taste was from the other ingredients (cheese only on mine and mushrooms on hers). I hate giving bad reviews, but really felt I had to put something out there....maybe the restaurant will learn something from it. If you're going to Jersey Mike's, stick with the subs unless you like a warm cardboard sandwich for lunch, then try the cheesesteak.
5_star As close as I have ever gotten to "authentic" Mexican food. I was expecting the same ol canned beans and flavored food, but it was almost as goods as my mother home cooking! Of course no one can ever beat moms haha. Hard to empress a Mexican with restaurant style food, but this place did it indeed! Will be back
1_star My BF and I had a dinner reservation at 6, and I should have taken a hint from the near-empty restaurant that it wasn't very good. Don't let the price rating fool you. He had the Mongolian Beef and a California Roll and I had the Seared Ahi Tuna and Sushi Rolls. Both the meat and the fish were mushy. The Ahi Tuna was seated on a wonton with micro greens and a sauce that didn't do the dish any favors. I disliked my meal so much that I removed my FB check-in so I didn't suffer any embarrassment. Did I mention it was my birthday?
4_star This is our regular weekend breakfast joint. A good breakfast place for eggs, pancakes, French toast etc. Wait staff needs a few reminders and this is not the place to go for a high-end brunch or customization. Just a casual "joint" to grab a bite, have a coffee (free refills) and read the weekend paper.
3_star Guys, you need to do something about your takeout. Or stop doing it. The soggy undercooked pasties are just horrible. I write this from a 3 time experience. I dined in over a hundred times. Foods pretty decent at the location. Great selection of beers. I got to applaud you guys for that. ALso, your service isnt great ! and you don't have enough staff to take orders and serve them. I would do more take outs if you could make an online ordering system. Over the phone, they just cant seem to hear with all the noise. And did i say you are understaffed.
5_star Hands down the best tacos in any strip mall. Super fresh, all meat is cooked on mesquite broiler. Delicious! Also a condiment bar stocked with goodies.
2_star Olivia took my order through drive thru, charged me the wrong amount and then kept me waiting at the window for 20 minutes. They forgot all about my order and had an attitude when I asked for my food. Terrible costumer service from Jeanette and Olivia.
3_star We have frequented D Lux many times since opening a few years ago and both my husband and I agree that the burgers are not as good as they used to be. The fries, cocktails and everything else about the burgers are great but the meat is very thin and over done. The atmosphere and service is great!
2_star Had lunch here a few weeks ago - I was quite disappointed in both the quality of the food and the service. It was a nice summer day so we went out to the patio which was nice. We ordered drinks, which came promptly along with samples. And that was the end of the prompt service. We waited over 45 minutes for our food. I asked about half an hour in if the food was coming. The waiter said it would be about 5 minutes. 15 minutes later the food arrives. We didn't order anything fancy or complex to warrant such a wait. The burger I ordered was mediocre and the fries that came as a side was so small questioned if this was a garnish. When we requested our bill that took another 15 minutes to arrive. Almost 3 hours later, we finally left - desperately trying to find a chocolate bar because that lunch was not satisfying at all.
3_star The best bagels I have had in AZ ok service and very pricey I kind of stopped going for the most part just to expensive Starbucks pricey
4_star Tried this place for the first time last night and was pleasantly surprised. This unassuming strip mall restaurant delivered bold tastes, excellent service and a great dining experience. We started off with fried tofu with a delicious sweet dipping sauce. This was so yummy! I had a vegan version of the tofu pad thai (no egg) and my boyfriend had the chicken sweet and sour. Both dishes were big portions, hot and flavorful. The only complaint my BF had was that he could have used more meat in the dish. My BF finished off dinner with creamy delicious coconut icecream. Great experience and we will most certainly be back!
3_star Absolutely great atmosphere, really well done. Very unique and fun, never been to a restaurant like it. Service was friendly and attentive, provided good recommendations. The food is Iranian, which I had never had before, but I enjoy mediteranean fare so wasn't too concerned. Everything was good, sirloin kabab spiced nicely and very tender. Bread was very good, as were the stuffed eggplant appetizer and taziki-like starter. The only huge complaint I had was it was very stuffy in the restaurant, no air flow and almost suffocating. It was also pretty warm, they really need to keep some AC on during dining hours. Other than that it's a really cool place with good value I feel.
3_star Authentic, well-prepared casual Japanese fare. A little pricey but mostly in its own category as few restaurants in the city offer what they do. Best bets: futomaki, hiyashi-chuka in the summertime (cold ramen salad), udon, katsudon. I would give this place more stars but the service is always cold and lacking spirit. For being a somewhat regular customer over the years it would be nice to be greeted with a bit of a smile.
2_star I am so sorry that I didn't take a picture of the cheese enchilada that was served to us. It was the sorriest enchilada I have ever seen. Maybe a quarter of an inch thick, with cheap cheese that melted into liquid grease. 100% unappetizing, and they wanted to charge three dollars for a single one. No sides or anything. Meanwhile I got their Thursday $5 special, the carne asada. It at least had a proper portion size. But the meat was chewy and tasted almost old. Beans tasted pretty good, but rice was very mediocre. The waitress insisted that everything is fresh and they go to the market every morning for supplies. If that's the case, then they've figured out how to take fresh ingredients and capture that mysterious and elusive 'slightly outdated' flavor that's so hard to achieve with fresh food. I only managed two or three bites before giving up. The chips were alright but nothing amazing. We got two rounds of them, and the second round tasted fresher than the first. Salsa was alright-ish but lacked sophistication, and had a slight burn in the back of the throat that managed to drag on and on. Top this off with the water tasting either like tap or like their filter had gone out. We both drank from my tea, just to mask the dubiousness. So far this is completely in 'Eek!' territory, so why 2 stars instead of 1? The waitress that day was great. But she's apparently one of the bartenders and was just covering for the Maribel's staff today while they were short. She was extremely understanding, and took off both the terrible enchilada and the disappointing carne asada. We left without being charged, but we still happily left a tip. And really, there were other patrons here who seemed to be quite happy with what they were getting, so I'm very confused about how lousy this was for us. I remember reading over these yelp reviews and wondering how you end up seeing a bunch of 4 and 5 star ratings and then an intermittent 1 or 2. I've definitely had a 1 or 2 experience today. Not sure if I'll ever return to try for a 4 or 5.
4_star I ordered take out from here and was happy with my order. I had a white pizza with spinach and it was really delicious and filling. The man who made the pizza was Italian, which adds an element of authenticity. The pizza was a far size, for a far price. It's a nice change from the other pizza options in Oakland.
2_star Food is good but the service is terrible. They told us a 25 minute wait. 45 minutes later, they said they could seat us if we divided into two groups.
3_star I have been getting food at Pak Centre for about 4 years now. Though the food is pretty good, if you want "delivery" don't count on this place! This is my biggest problem with Pak Centre. I have tried 10+ times over the past year or so to have Pak Centre deliver to my apartment. Two of those times they actually did deliver, but the rest? "Sorry ma'am we don't have a driver today." When I ask about the fact that they claim to do delivery they give me some BS excuse about how they usually have a driver but today they don't. I tell them that I've tried several times and that whenever I call, they don't have a driver. All they offer me is an apology and some rambling, stuttering rendition of the "we usually have a driver but today we don't" excuse again. Nice. The truth is that they only deliver on rare occasions. I feel really bad for the employees because I know it's not their fault, yet they have to respond to people like me asking them why there's never any delivery. Note to the mangagement: If you're gonna claim to deliver then DELIVER. IF NOT, then STOP claiming to offer delivery service when you really don't. Now for the food, I must say that it has improved since a couple years ago. So if you haven't tried them for awhile because of a bad experience a few years back, I encourage you to try em again because it's a whole lot better now. I'm a big chicken biryani fan and previously found Pak Centre's chicken biryani pretty unimpressive, mostly because the rice was really bland and flavourless. But lately, I gotta admit that it is much more flavourful than it used to be, and consistently so. One issue is that sometimes their dishes can be quite greasy, so if you have any concerns about that you might wanna try to request that they go easy on the oil. Another downside is that the service can be really slow. I went in there one day and it was just me and a couple sitting down and eating already. So I expected them to have my food ready pretty quickly this time as compared to the usual slowness I had come to expect(and I can't imagine they're busy taking care of any delivery orders back there, right?! right.) but I ended up sitting there and waiting forever for a relatively small order of 2 chicken biryanis and a naan. Additionally, I have found that the servers aren't friendly or personable at all. It's incredibly awkward dealing with some of the employees there and is one of the main reasons why when I go there, I get take-out even if it's just for me. And even if I'm hungry. I'd honestly rather opt to get take-out and carry the stuff back to my place in bags, on the bus(Since I have no car. Another reason why delivery would be nice. Buuuut Pak Centre isn't gonna help me with THAT, now are they?!) To be fair though, I do see some improvements happening there as of late. So I'll encourage people to give them a try.
3_star There has been so much hype about this place that I could not wait to try it out with my girlfriends for dinner. The decor is adorable, very rustic chic. It's open and airy even when it got packed. One of my girlfriends and I arrived early for pre-dinner drinks at the bar. The service was a bit slow but very nice. I ordered a delicious vodka mint drink and she a strawberry prickly pear one. Mine was the better of the two by far. We were promptly seated at 7 and the waiter was quick to take our appetizer order. The table shared teh Charcuterie & Cheese platter and it was delicious if not a bit expensive at $21. The blue cheese with the honeycomb was divine and the marcona almonds were wonderful, a new favorite for sure. Service slowed at this point, while it was getting busy it was not so packed that we should have to wave down our waiter. My sister and I split the duck salad (called My Wife's favorite salad), it was delicious though the pieces of lettuce were a bit large in my opinion. We also split the waygu burger which was one of the specials. The burger was cooked perfectly and the bacon jam and egg really were a wonderful combination. The homemade chips were lovely and not too greasy. One of the girls in our party had the brick oven chicken and she was pleased with the chicken as well as the mac & cheese it was served with. By the time we were ready for dessert service had slowed considerably as the restaurant had filled up some more. It really seemed to get busy the later in the evening it got. We decided to get four different desserts and split them. The Brookie (a brownie cookie combination) was ok but I would not order it again. The triple layer cake was moist and had a really good flavor and the ganache was perfectly done. The two favorites were the apple pie in a bag which was devoured and the bread pudding. The best thing on the desserts however was the caramel salt ice cream, I wish I could have purchased a gallon to take home. I am only giving this restaurant three stars because it is so pricey for what you get. I have no problem spending money on good food and good it was but it was $30 good not $65 per person good.
4_star Came here for brunch on an early Saturday morning so I was not surprised that it was packed. This place was recommended to by our Airbnb host as one of the best bagel places in Montreal. Overall I think that the bagel was fresh and pleasant but I wish I had ordered the poppyseed instead of the normal sesame seed that it comes with (just being picky). Even the cream cheese that comes with the bagel is nice and fluffy. The bread was fresh and the smoked salmon was a delight! Would definitely recommend to any friends who want to experience real bagels
2_star Normally my friends and I don't settle for mediocre food, but it was 1 am on a Saturday night and we just needed a snack before continuing our girls night out at the Marquee. tiny portions, kinda bland, and out of 7 dishes, we could hardly pinpoint any signature creations from that experience. Think Disneyland prices with the same disneyland kinds of food quality.
4_star Had to wait 1.5 hours to get a table for 2, but it was worth it. The food is fantastic! It's a very small, dark, loud establishment with a very historic feel. The staff is friendly and our server(s) were attentive.
3_star De la bonne cuisine indienne, mais trop peu et trop chère. Le cadre de ce resto du vieux Montréal est assez chic mais l'ambiance est plutôt décontractée. Il attire une clientèle très variée dont des touristes, des jeunes couples, et des familles. Pour cette raison peut-être le resto est très bruyant ; les conversations sont difficules à suivre. La plupart des plats étaient vraiment délicieux. Le butter chicken, le tandoori, le masala et le dal sont superbes. En revanche, le sauté de légumes n'est que moyen et leur curry de champignons n'est pas terrible. Le naan est bon mais rien d'exceptionnel. Il faut cependant signalé un flagrant défaut : les plats sont miniscules. Ils sont censés être partagés mais il n'y en a dans chacun seulement pour une personne, et encore il faut qu'elle ne soit pas trop gourmande. Cela à des prix de fous tels $15 pour les currys, $10 pour les autres plats. C'est hallucinant. Nous avons commandé un plat par personne avec du riz et du naan et on a dû recommandé un plat et un grand plateau en plus. Bref, un dîner pour quatre est revenu très cher, ce qui a beaucoup mitigé le plaisir qu'on y a pris.
5_star Always an excellent experience! Great food and wonderful staff! Their prices are very decent and their rolls are large. My favorite is the Vegas roll. Can't beat the buy 2 get 1 free special! Delicious!!!
1_star My husband and I came here last night for an impromptu dinner date and because we had a gift card to use. My husband ordered the Shepard's Pie & I ordered the shrimp scampi/herb crusted salmon combo. The quality of food has gone down the drain. My husband got super sick from the Shepard's pie! My plate had way too much sauce and was extremely garlicky. It was basically drowned in sauce, my shrimp was soggy and the plating was a mess. I don't think we will be ordering any food from the restaurant but only cheesecake.
1_star went there the other night friday may 10,2013 and they were not serving alcohol. lady said the previous owner committed fraud on his liquor license . . they were serving food but no one was in there and people who showed up and were told no alcohol left the place
2_star This is what people said: I love this place! They cook the food right in front of you! This is what I thought: Oh, it must be like a hibachi place, kind of fancy, really tasty. This is what it is like: a cafeteria where you pile raw ingredients into a bowl then line up to have your food schlepped onto a grill where it is cooked to your liking. OK. The food is just all right. The first time I ever went there we made reservations (what did I know? I thought it was a fancy joint!) the hostess looked at me like I was insane when I walked in and said we had one. Another time I was there I ordered a gin and tonic...I noticed they had a full bar and I wanted one for whatever reason. The waitress brought me a RUM and TONIC. Good Lord. I don't think anyone in the history of drinking has ever ordered a rum and tonic. Not really worth the time. If you're in the area, just FYI, there's a Winking Lizard a few doors down.
2_star Stopped at Claddagh tonight. We had not been there in over a year so we decided to give it a try. The good...boddingtons on tap is good as were the pub chips. On the bad, very bad, side were the fish from the fish and chips and the "legendary" monte cristo The fish was bone dry. I know the fish was probably frozen and thawed, but this seemed like it was frozen during the last ice age. Really bad. The monte cristo was quite odd as it was in a dome of dough and covered with powdered sugar. Certainly only a legend in the mind of the menu's author. Do not order it. So, skip the food st Claddagh and just have a boddingtons.
2_star The food at Smash Burger is undeniably good. I gave this particular LOCATION two stars because the service is HORRIBLE. I was so excited when they first opened but service continues to decline.They seem to have a pretty high turn over rate and are always under staffed. Just get my order right and hand it to me with a smile. Pretty simple, right?
4_star We tried the Sunday brunch. There was a great selection including specialty cocktails. Everything was delicious. I look forward to going back for dinner. The service was also spot on.
1_star My wife and I come to vegas each year for a conference, and have eaten here often, this last time though, the service was extremely sub par. Our server 'Danny' made zero effort to check and see if the kitchen could make my wife two eggs for her special food allergies, and brought us the wrong sides. My wife couldn't eat, and I got the wrong thing. I think we'll keep walking next time and eat at the border grill.
1_star This place had horrible customer service . The manager / owner had me on wait for 10 plus minutes with out even apologizing and was overly rude ... they messed up my last order as well with being 30min late and food was cold....! Places like this need new manager/ better owner-ship because if that was the manager on the phone then contact better Business Bureau ASAP people
2_star I wasn't to happy with this place. Location is great in the Scottsdale Quarter, but the food was bland. I have had better burritos at roadside stands. This place definitely misses the mark in Mexican food. They base their whole menu around the street tacos. Maybe I ordered the wrong thing, but from a restaurant that looks upscale it didn't deliver. We may come back to this place but not anytime soon.
3_star The food is great...one of the best sushi places I've been to. The service is great as well. The only problem is the manager. The asian male manger is very annoying when it comes to tip. I've dealt with him 3 times and he literally asks for tip at the end. Even though I end up paying nearly 15% every time, he will still ask you to your face "is that it?". Otherwise its a great restaurant.
1_star This place seems to have decent reviews, but I can't figure out how. So it's about 6 PM on July 4 and I'm looking for a sushi place. I'm new to the area and have been trying out many different sushi restaurants. I'm a connoisseur. I know my sushi. I roll up to Akita and notice that it's pretty dead. I figured that this was due to the holiday, but I soon realized that this may not be the reason at all. I went inside and ordered two rolls. I noticed that they were extremely small, 6 piece rolls. They were average tasting. Nothing special. At this point, I thought "Ehh, average. Probably won't come back here, but not terrible." Then, I got the bill. I assumed that for 2 small six piece rolls, it would be maybe $10-15 tops (before the tip). NOPE! $25. This is the biggest bill I've ever gotten at a sushi restaurant for friggin California and Philadelphia rolls. This was also the first time that I didn't leave any tip at all (I always leave 20% unless the service is bad, in which case I leave 10%). But I've never left 0% in my life. I don't regret it though.
1_star The truck came to my work today and it was a bad experience. As a vegetarian, it can be a gamble if I order anything from off a grill. I usually ask if there is a way to clean off a small section before my food is cooked. Most kitchens are very nice and have no issue. The woman today was rude and said that this could not be done. I would think after getting paid so much from a corporation to cater to it's employees, and not wanting to make a customer sick, that she would have taken the time to make sure my food was prepared with no danger of contamination. Other co-workers also commented that she was rude. Most thought the food was good, but as I said, it was not just me who had a bad experience with the woman who took our orders.
5_star This place has THE BEST and most DELICIOUSLY INSANE Chinese food. It is so inexpensive as well and brought back so many memories for me. My family and I used to come here when we wanted a quick fix for Chinese food and it tastes so much better than Panda express. I have been around trying other Chinese food joints and restaurants but nothing truly compares to what they have here. Its even remotely close to a Bank Of America, a food for less, stop and shop and not too far from trader joes so if you're grocery shopping in the area or need a bank those would also be the places to hit up. The food is definitely worth the money that you pay for it. Its cheap but the food is AMAZING for the price its at.
3_star Another overrated place in Las Vegas. I'm beginning to think people here have poor tastes in food. I ordered the Pulled Porky, Pep Pep, and the YaYa. The beef and the pork were pretty dry. If the meat was cooked better, I think the combination of flavors would be pretty decent and I'd give this place 4 stars. Otherwise...meh. I saw In N Out on the way to this food truck and totally regret not going there instead.
2_star I had heard good things about Brickhouse. My friend and went there on a Monday for dinner. It was pretty quiet. We sat in a booth on the main level. Never again! The booth backs are loose, so every time the guy behind me leaned back, I got pushed forward. When he returned to the table after stepping away for a few minutes, he hit the back of the seat pretty hard and I got slammed forward. (I'm not blaming the guy here, the restaurant needs to fix these booths!) The server didn't tell us that there were drink specials, until he brought them and let me know that my beer was on special. That would have been nice to know ahead of time though. It might have affected my friend's order. The waiter informed my friend that they were out of the beer she ordered (a hefeweizen) and suggested another one that he said was similar. What he brought was not a wheat beer at all, very hoppy and bitter. My beer tasted like garlic, as if they had made a Bloody Mary in the glass, rinsed it with water, and poured my beer. Pretty gross! Also, there were a ton of gnats/fruit flies flying around, which was distracting and kind of nasty. The meat on the pulled pork sandwich was good, but I wish their sauces tasted better. Fries were ok. My friend got a tiny bowl of beef chili, which she said was ok, but pretty brothy for chili. Overall, I thought the food was unimpressive, but not bad.
4_star I love their samosa chaat, every time I'm in Vegas I just go here for samosa chaat. It's amazing!
1_star Pace of play is extremely slow.....no real marshalling either.....so many other choices in Henderson to play. Starter is always great, along with the restaurant staff who are excellent. Our group won't be playing here again.
2_star Honestly don't know what everyone is raving about. Fries were good but were sweet? Biscuit and chicken were tasteless.
4_star I enjoyed it. Shared the eggs Provençal. And a yummy Cuban sandwich. Service was attentive to.
2_star I have an INTENSE hatred for people telling me to pull around the drive thru and wait for my food to be ready. To me, this means, "move along loser, you're inconveniencing us; even though you paid us, and waited in line for everyone else, you need to get out of line, and go wait till we're not busy enough to bother bringing your (typically cold) food out to you. That said, when people tell me to do this (typically happens at this Burger King), I put the car in park and tell them politely that I'll wait. This freaks them out, and they practically insist I move because I'm holding everyone else up behind me. I'm not trying to be a dick; I don't order 30 burgers at the drive thru. They make the BK Big Fish sandwich fresh and it takes an extra 2 minutes (yes I timed it). They're just trying to keep their drive thru times down because they're monitored and penalized if they are too high. O.K... Rant out of the way, I have to say that when I go in, everyone is polite and helpful. The restaurant is always clean, and quiet. The food is ALWAYS fresh, and hot. You can order lunch early in the morning, and the soda is never flat. This is why the store gets 2 stars instead of 1. Honestly, I'd rate the in store experience a 4/5 and the drive thru experience a 1/5, because they are incapable of understanding drive thru orders without repeating them 2-4 times for each item, and you can FORGET about asking for details on items. Anything you ask about, they just add to your order without explanation, even though you may not want it. Add to it, the above issue, with the lack of give-a-damn for the drive thru customers, and we have a pretty "meh" store. Step up the drive thru customer service Burger King!
3_star You guys really need to change your online hours! Your door says 9pm weekdays but online says 10pm
1_star Ordered two burgers and fried through UBer eats. What a mistake !! Very expensive for the quality. Paid $30. Their menu says that the fries are freshly cut but what we got did not look or taste like freshly made fries. And the burger that cost almost $10 each was way below average. Also didn't even put ketchup for the fries. Never again!
5_star Yum! Went here today and it was great. Had monte cristo. Very clean, service is great, food came quick. They have food for everyone the menus is big. Only con is it may be a little pricey but worth it,
5_star this fine dinning italian restaurant is inside the chaos of New York New York Hotel and Casino. We wanted to have a good sit-down dinner where we could have a romantic mood and no so close to the noise of the casino. Well, this spot is very nice, very romantic and we had an early dinner so it was very quiet. I had the Insalata de Capri and Fettuccini Tuto di Mare... delicioso! my date had the roasted chicken.
1_star The service was slow. The food is pricey but average tasting. The catfish was undercooked and the chicken overdone. Won't go back.
2_star Skip this joint. Chicken nachos had a funk. Guac looked like the discounted container at the grocery store. Magarita was a standard machine pour.... not worth it my friends. Chips were decent...
4_star They really changed this place around. It's an open environment. Made to look like a man cave. Food was tasty and decently priced
1_star I use to go to this place every time I came to LasVegas but,I went there on March 29th,and got the Salt Pepper Lobster,and the waiter brought a parcel lobster and tried to pass it off as a whole lobster! When I question him on the rest of the lobster,naturally he got upset because I caught him trying to scam us! Needless to say we will not go back to this place again!
5_star Had the queso Frito, and highly recommend it. Also had the tostones and they were very enjoyable as well. Love the salsa that comes with them! For dinner we had pabellon a cabello, arepas and empanadas, all we would highly recommend. One of the best gems in Madison!
2_star Go somewhere else. Cheese curds are good but burgers dry. This was our second visit, wanted to give then a second chance. Won't go back. A small glass of domestic tap beer is $4!! Way overpriced!
4_star We were in the area on a Saturday night and stopped in. We got a great corner booth right away, no waiting. Our waiter, Adam, was very well versed on all items on the menu that we asked him about and he was also quite knowledgeable with the various wines they offered. His service was top notch. The food was very good, we could not find fault with anything we ordered. The California Roll appetizer was excellent. Our scallops were perfectly cooked and all of the sides were very good also. We will definitely go back when we're in the area again.
3_star It's an upscale casual restaurant with nice decor- 4 star, a quick meal before or after shopping. A quick meal means only if you get good sever plus quick service. We went to have brunch on Sunday and it was pretty packed in there. After looked at their simple brunch menu, we decided to get Grilled Hanger Steak with Scrambled Eggs, and Cinnamon French Toast with Fruit Compote & Syrup($8.50). It wasn't too impressive, the food was just ok- 3 Star. I think you pay more for the ambiance than the dishes. The service was alright- 3 Star. It felt like you are in the market with chit chat and bargain noise, which i thought it was kinda annoying.
3_star Food was ok and interesting.... kinda pricey tho.... eggslut, cheeseburger and a small cold brew coffee was abt $30. I would recommend to get only the eggslut cuz it's different and pretty yummies..... :)
1_star One out of five stars for the one out five dishes we received. That dish was the fried pork dumplings. It was good but not great, warm but not hot. Unfortunately the review stops here because after two glasses of wine and the dumplings we waited for almost an hour for four dishes that never arrived, before we decided to cut our losses and get the bill. Our waiter had disappeared. And the manager charged us for what little we ate and drank. Too many other great Chinese options in the area to ever go back.
1_star Most times the food has been okay. But last night the baked potato was so over cooked. It was brownish color inside and extremely dry.
1_star The food is not good. Enchilada sauce taste very bland and strange. Kids meal are bad and it's all over priced. It's an open kitchen too. I don't see how they pass health inspections . Won't go back.
2_star When this location first opened up, the food was great. My basket of fried chicken would mainly consist of white meat. Now? It's mostly bones. The sauces are still pretty good, but there are better fried chicken places along Yonge St. if you want better food quality. The restaurant itself is quite dark and gloomy.
3_star Normally, I love this place and always recommend it to my friends. However recently, there has been less than awesome service. I went in the other day and there was a huge line, only half of the belt open. On top of that, waiting forever, the waitress doesn't listen when I tell her my name, and seats people who came after us. Luckily the food is amazing and cheap, otherwise I would find another place.
4_star Great chicken and pasta dish. Excellent service. Loved sitting on the patio. All Fox Restaurants are great.
5_star Love this place - best Thai in the city and great atmosphere. My favourite lunch spot with clients who dig food. Worth the wait.
1_star I just got a large pizza and a slice of cheesecake for delivery...the cheesecake is MOLDY!!! :(
2_star Pretty disappointed with this place. Me and my fiance came here to order takeout. The place was dead...and we came at 1pm. Also, the decor was pretty boring..not comfy at all. We ordered the shrimp poboy and the voodoo pasta. The shrimp poboy was nothing special. My fiance said the shrimp were smaller then expected. The only thing he liked about his food was the bread. I ordered the voodoo seafood pasta. The portion was okay..a little smaller then I expected. The seafood was overcooked and small. I swear it tasted like the frozen seafood mix you can buy in food basics. There was no crawfish too! The noodles were cooked perfectly and the sauce was pretty tasty. I expected more to be honest. We will be back though. I still need to taste the Mac n cheese and the calamari. UPDATE: went back to get the fried calamari and Mac n cheese. The calamari was tender but too salty and by the time I got home it was not crispy at all. The Mac n cheese was pretty good. Heavy but pretty good flavor.
2_star I get something at Timmies everyday and for a long time I wanted a store at this location. One finally shows up and I feel some higher power has deemed it necessary to torture me. Do not be fooled by the new bistro style decor, this is one of the worst locations I have been to. You could be the only person in line or the 9th person in line but you are almost always guaranteed to wait forever before someone takes your order. The staff will literally look at you and walk away. What kind of trolling is this? I have been to locations where there are only three people behind the counter with faster service than the +5 that I always see here. They will screw up your order more times than you can count, if you get more than a coffee from here. My family and friends also complain about their service and quality that they started getting their coffee from mcds next door. Sad day for me when I have to get my coffee from mcds instead of timmies.
3_star Like most Veg-o's I was a little sad when Fressen announced they were closing. Not because I particularly liked it, but because it was the main option for a slightly fancier totally vegan night out, with wine (the other tasty option being Vegetarian Haven, without wine.) A group of 7 of us went on their second day. Is it too early to do a review? Maybe. So take it all with a grain of salt. I hear things are still "evolving" and the menu might change. More desserts might appear. Anything could happen. The Bar Snax menu looks interesting, and the idea of being able to have drinks and vegan snacks at midnight or 1 am, is promising, especially with Bar Chef next door (which has zero veganizable food options at all according to the last time we went...) The Grasslands interior and drink menu is the biggest change when compared with Fressen. And those are really nice improvements. It's brighter, while still being intimate, and has a more open feel, with less cramped seating. Another pleasant change is that the servers all seem friendly, and generally helpful. Food is very Fressen-like, so if you liked Fressen, you will like Grasslands. I had a favourite go-to dish at Fressen. I ordered the skewer and liked it. Everyone else ordered the seitan roast or the chicken. Bar Snax menu is the biggest change from the former, and it's full of crispy and bite sized options. Major problem on our first visit was that we went in a group of 7, which means an automatic gratuity of 18% was added to our bill. But there was nothing on the menu to indicate this, the person taking our reservation didn't let us know, and the servers didn't mention it. Since we're decent people, we obviously added a tip, and so, double tipped. Womp womp. I'll leave out the Facebook page drama that ensued after we commented about it on their page, but regardless, they did not handle the comments well, and shut off posting on their page entirely. Hopefully it was an educational experience. To sum it up: Food is okay. Service is good. Bar (and associated menu) is great. Interior is great.
4_star Lee Chen is one of the most underrated restaurants in Toronto. It's really good, the decor is great and it's food is delicious. It's fun, cheap and really awesome. Despite some flaws, Lee Chen is great.
4_star We went to Scarpetta to celebrate our 9 year anniversary. As requested, they gave us a table so we could see the Bellagio fountains. Our reservation was at 9 PM and we were disappointed to find out that the chef was no longer offering the tasting menu that evening. Our waiter, however, said we could create our own tasting - excellent! We started with the polenta with mushrooms - delicious, but it maybe could have used a bit more salt. Next up was the infamous $24 spaghetti. Well worth it - this is the best pasta I ever ate. Since we were indulging, the next course was more pasta. The duck and foie gras ravioli. It was good, but very rich and not even close to as good as the beef cheek ravioli from Carnevino. I am not sure why people would compare the two. On carb overload we then had the lamb which was fantastic. For some reason they also sent out a duck entree which we had not ordered. Not a fan of the spices - cardamom and clove. Nor was I a fan of the waiter attempting to charge us for it. Dessert was the chocolate salted caramel cake. Good, but nothing to rave about. Wine prices are high but on par with everything else on the strip. Oh, I almost forgot the bread basket and dipping sauces. The Stromboli bread with salami and cheese is phenomenal. The marscapone butter could make even cheap white bread taste good. Definitely worth a visit to try the spaghetti. I will be going back for that!
2_star I I have been a customer of the retail store for ten plus years and they have the best oyster when I suck at home. (I drop by three times a month minimum for oyster , sea urchin in the shell and the ocassoonal live soft shell crab.) I eat at the restaurant at least five time and each was very average. But the last time was bad. We went there right after work on a Friday at 6 pm just to avoid the rush. (yes I made reservations) but when they greeted me at the front they were look on around and made us wait 5 minutes to e seated. It was empty empty and there was only one table there. Once we were finally seated we ordered but seriously yhe derive was slow. We ordered the fried calameri And a lot of oysters- Fanny bays Dench kiss Kummito Malpequea À tasted amazing but they were not sucked cleanily . Most had small shells in them (50 %) they have Been opens foe years and this a rookie mistake. (I never had that at rodneys ) so the first time the waitress come back I point to the small shells on my plate. She makes a gasping face and appolgise. I was not expecting anything but this happend the last 3 time I was there . The grilled salmon was Ok but the oyster killed my mood. I guess I should just buy a box and shuck them myself.
3_star New location but I always go to the gerrard location. But since the is around my office I come here more often. I alqays get the five spice pork belly. Nice Flavourful meat. I tired the duck confit on my most recent visit . It is a not Thier strength when you compare it the the pork belly or REAL confit which is biased in duck fat for three hours. Good kim chi fries And the lineup and wait is very long. I go after 1:30 when it gets more quiet.
4_star My girlfriend and I went here today, the food was great and the service was great. I just don't like spending $50 on two meals I can make and serve myself .. Which I am the one who went there to pay, I just feel it's a little bit over priced, as most restaurants ... But over all the waitress made it well worth our visit, she had a light lovely personality !
2_star We phoned ahead to put our name on the wait list. When we arrived on time we were told we'd be seated next within 10 minutes. 40 minutes later we finally were seated. Service took forever and everyone seemed to be in a bad mood. The sever even rolled her eyes when my husband asked her a question about their fries vs chips. She never offered any drinks to the couple of us who weren't drinking beer (designated drivers) and only brought water. My food was so so. The chicken in my chicken sandwich was very dry. The guys loved their food but they were also drinking so I'm sure it tasted much better than it actually was. I love the idea of keeping things local but this just isn't worth the price tag or the waiting.
3_star The service is ok at this location. I sat at the bar and ate, so I always had the bartender at my service. Besides that, I think there was only 1 or 2 other servers (a little after lunch) The food is pretty good. As always, I recommend the habenero salsa (you gotta ask for it, the standard salsa is average). I havent eaten anything at this location, but the other ones have good food. I got the pork street tacos at the 2 other locations and they were consistantly good. As far as the booze goes, I was somewhat impressed. The bartender knew quite a bit about the different tequilas and they even had my favorite one, Cruz Tequila! mmmmmm. I had a standard margarita with Cruz and it was tasty. Not bad drink specials I would recommend it if youve never been
1_star This location seems to be cursed! Before it was Kozy Cactus, it was a Voodo Daddy's Magic Kitchen & Bar. I didn't dare go near that establishment and now I wonder if a spell was cast on the next business to take its place, because it's a little off. The restaurant is truly cozy. There are TV's everywhere, which is nice. When the place is full on a Friday night, it's loud and hard to hear one another. But it's not as bad as places on Mill Avenue in that way. Handicapped access is in the back at the door that says, "please use the other door". It's OK, that's the right door to use and your only option, as they padlock the front gate. However, if you're in a power chair, don't expect to use the bathroom. Your chair won't fit. This is why I've marked this restaurant as "not wheelchair accessible". It's not really the ambiance or the staff that has thrown my review down to a "one star". It's the actual menu: The food and drink selection and quality are pitiful and over priced. My first meal at Kozy Cactus was when they first opened. I got the Crab Louie salad for lunch. It was really bad. I thought I might have tasted dish soap. My second meal at Kozy Cactus started out with the Pan Sautéed Calamari. It was over chewy, maybe over cooked? Maybe reheated poorly, as I'm sure it was frozen, not fresh. The tomato sauce was good but the bread was straight from an old loaf probably purchased at the grocery store. This dish made me crave Chef Boyardee, it was that bad. Since I couldn't eat much more of it, I asked for a large order of regular fries to split with my friend who also suffered through the Calamari. We inhaled the "regular" fries. They were good. My other amiga ordered the "Pub Nachos". The description on the menu says "thick sliced russet potato chips". Ignore the word "chips". The dish wasn't what she expected. It was thick slices of potato with a bit of cheese on top and some sauteed onions. This wouldn't be called a chip in England, let alone in Arizona where we all understand what a nacho is. My two other dinner compadres stuck to plain old regular tortilla chips and salsa to go with their beers and scotch. They got a small serving of chips and only one refill which took a while to arrive. The variety of drinks is supremely limited. The margaritas are weak but I like them that way. Ultimately, there are a few kinds of beer (not many dark options) and a few kinds of scotch and the rest is at your own risk. This a very basic place to both eat and drink. Too basic. They don't accept credit cards unless you order over $10, which is odd. Bottom line: There are better pubs with better grub up the street.
2_star Two stars for the duck pond. That's it. Margs taste like sugar water, food overpriced and actually tasteless. I feel bad because I used to love this place and I know people that work there. But the food sucked last two times and the service was so so. Got a super bad vibe from my server because we just ordered apps(that sucked) one was so bad we returned it. Anyways, two dry tamales and three margs (house!!!!)were 34.00. Still tipped $8. Sorry I didn't spend $75- but I won't spend even $30 again there. Bad food, rude service. Nice duck pond. That's all ya got.
2_star First time here after reading the good reviews..I had a Tasteless chili cheese dog, bun was served broken in three pieces and was seemed to be old and stale. The soda machine was broken and cans of soda were offered but not with refills like machine sodas. Overall I was disappointed and will not be back.
4_star Homemade noodles with hot, spicy broth is one of the world's greatest pleasures. We tried the uni udon, mad tiger udon (hot), and the takoyaki when we visited. Service was insanely fast and I have no complaints about the staff. Despite being Friday at 5pm, they weren't slammed busy and were very attentive about refilling drinks. The uni udon, which they're known for, was not to mine or my boyfriend's taste. It was sadly a little bland, with very little uni. You do have the chance to double up on the uni, but we didn't take it and kind of regretted it. The noodles were good but since it's a cream sauce, the whole dish was crazy rich. The mad tiger udon was amazing. I doubt I'll ever order anything else the next time I come here. The broth had a heat that really crept up on you, the pork was perfectly seasoned, my egg was cooked perfectly, and the noodles were chewy and flavorful. The takoyaki... Well I could have eaten three plates of it. It's nothing unique but it did have good chunks of meat and plenty of sauce with it. So good and a really nice presentation. Overall, I'd absolutely recommend this place. The noodles are delicious and the service was great. I'd probably stay away from any of their cream-based udon dishes but to each their own.
3_star Had their Kobe burger, sweet potatoe fries and a glass of wine. Good burger & fries. OK wine. It was busy when I was there but I think the server should have spent a little more time with each patron. Think the lamb burger at BLT is better!
2_star The food is ok. But nothing I'd rave about. The service is a bit sad. The staff has a tendency to make you feel as if you're putting them out. Not somewhere I'd go for a low stress, relaxing dinner. Another issue is their outdoor seating is infested with Mosquitos. You get eaten alive while waiting for your food.
3_star yes, it's a strip joint but it's also a Steakhouse and the girls keep their bottoms on, I personally wanted to experience it but they made us wait over 30 minutes for a table and we had a reservation so we didn't get the peep show or to try the steaks. too bad.
5_star Great family owed place. Been a few times and the food is always good, either in the restaurant or for take out. Highly recommend!
1_star I came here with family and we where all very disappointed! The fried rice was mushy and didn't taste good at all the beef and broccoli was dry and tasted burned!!!
1_star Good service, bad food. There were 6 of us and two meals were not prepared correctly and our appetizer of potato skins included a hair. Both were top sirloins, one was ordered medium and the other blue rare. The first steak was over well and the second steak was medium rare on one end and well done on the other. The server took our steaks back to be recooked with the same instructions. The first steak came out barely cooked, supposed to be medium and the second came out blue rare as ordered. The manager, who's name I did not receive did remove these items from our bill but we will not be returning.
3_star Best pizza in Las Vegas, hands down. BUT, it is so expensive that I have to take 2 stars off. Their dough/sauce recipes are awesome and they're open very late with delivery. BUTTTTTTTTT, just so freaking expensive. Make your slices cheaper, or start running deals guys! Over 400% mark up on slices is craziness.
4_star Tasty N Healthy is a tasty, healthy, quick, clean, authentic, inexpensive, humble, and friendly option in an area otherwise dominated by pre-processed fast food chains. If you are hungry in Penn Hills and want to feel good after eating, try to find them. Located in a nondescript storefront in the Penn Hills Shopping Plaza, Tasty N Healthy is a tremendous discovery. Look for the picture of a gyro in the window. Who thought that authentic Mediterranean food could be obtained in this neck of the woods? The menu is rather slender. When they first opened, you could buy the entire menu for about $40. They have since expanded to offer daily meals. I have not yet delved into the daily meals (pre-ordering is required), but everything else is so solid that I can only assume that they are tasty, though I promise to investigate. The tabbouli, fatoosh, and Greek salads are great. Thoughts of the falafel sandwich and chicken shawarma trigger Pavlovian response as I write. The weakest link in their menu is probably the gyro. It's good, but not nearly as good as everything else. Warning: It's take-out only. There are no tables. It is a real Syrian mom's super-clean kitchen disguised as a tiny storefront. Take it, go, and enjoy. Tasty N Healthy also does catering.
4_star So I dragged some friends here while we were all visiting from various parts of the country... 'figured the boys would appreciate the "bar food" & beer... & meanwhile I would get some really GOOD food (as per what I surmised from fellow yelpers) & also get to watch the nba finals. Well... can I just say my expectations were far surpassed!! To start the place had a fantastic vibe to it: welcoming, comfortable & yet still appealing to an eye that likes design... & as far as those who run the place... AWESOME folks! Drew took great care of us... made excellent recommendations for both food & beer. The beer selection had something for every taste & the food was incredibly fresh. My hubby chose the sausage platter & Drew suggested the hot dogs (they make them fresh)... it was the best hotdog either of us had EVER had! I am a sucker for both pesto and portobello mushrooms... so I had the pesto portobello panini on marbled rye & I was not disappointed... but after trying the hotdog... the next time we are in town... hot dog it is!! I also had the sweet potato potato salad... really nice... first time for me to have sweet potato in "salad" form. At the end of the meal I wanted just a taste of dessert & REALLY wanted the banana pudding with irish shortbread. Since I only wanted a taste, I threw it out to the group... trying to get others to agree to help eat it. They all declined. Drew told me to just get one & he promised they all would join in. THANKS DREW! Oh & DID they EVER join in... they ate like starving monsters!! I was only able to snag 3 spoonfuls (literally). This was not what one expects when they hear "pudding"... it was more like hot smashed banana over shortbread with fresh whipped cream...and IF you like banana... I HIGHLY recommend it! Everyone left happy as clams thanks to this awesome establishment! Looking forward to another trip to Charlotte in order to eat/ drink here again... & to try Jeff's other place next door (the Crepe Cellar)... whose menu looks fantastic!
4_star Doesn't everyone love yardhouse? Their happy hour is awesome. We gave them 4 stars, because overall they are wonderful. However, beware because they do have their bad nights. Tonight, we both ordered cups of clam chowder and one came out filled to the top and the other was way below the rim. Then our chicken sandwich came out uncooked!!! We sent it back and the manager was nice enough to come out and offer us more food & dessert on him. I have had the tomato bisque before and it was really good. Tonight, it wasn't good. I was very disappointed, because I LOVE tomato/tomato bisque soup. We definitely wanted to note that they have very good service. When you ask for a box, they do it for you instead of giving you a box to do it yourself. They even write the date and what food is inside of the box in the corner! Little things like that really do make a difference.
4_star My first visit to Pappadeaux didn't start off well. I decided to grab a quick dinner to avoid rush hour traffic back from Phoenix to Chandler, and Pappadeaux looked good. I waited almost 10 minutes for someone to even acknowledge me, in spite of a half dozen servers standing nearby talking about their various life dramas. (It was 115 degrees that day, and ice water was definitel at the top of my list of "must haves," seconded by a glass of wine.) As I started to leave, determined to find a restaurant that actually welcomed its customers, an astute server -- Johnnie -- realized I was ready to bail and proceeded to treat me like a queen for the next 45 minutes. I was sitting next to the dessert tray and he said, since I'd waited to be served, the restaurant would treat me to a dessert. I don't eat dessert, but I tried to be gracious in light of his offer, so I said thank you. Johnnie realized it wasn't going to be my thing. I ordered the filet topped with crabmeat and a wonderful sauce. It was perfectly cooked according to my request, and certainly didn't need anything extra to enhance its flavor. Johnnie talked to his manager and, after his talk, I was comp'd my meal (less my two glasses of excellent wine). I told his manager that Johnnie had saved the day. The manager said the person who was working my area of the restaurant hadn't shown up for work that day. I didn't really appreciate the excuse. A half dozen servers were within 8 feet of me and could have seen I wasn't been served. But Johnnie did -- and took responsibility. Good for him! The food was excellent. (I'm not a big seafood eater, but the sauce for the steak accompanied by the crab was perfectly seasoned.) Johnny earned a handsome tip because of his attentiveness, and the restaurant earned a second chance in the future. But I think I'll ask for Johnny as my server. Cheryl
1_star Please be aware this is a take out joint with common tables shared with other take out places. We came for breakfast at 10 am their opening time. They did not have masala for the dosa nor several other items. Two employees had just opened the place. Not professionally run place. Took half an hour to get the food. The plain dosa by then was cold. Not a good experience altogether.
3_star Wasn't impressed. A little confused by they service. The food was good. My boyfriend and I got a burger and corn dog, fries, onion rings and my favorite the crab puppies! The service was a little confusing, there were 5 people helping us, coming by the table every 30 seconds to check on us. Which is good for customer service but at some points we felt like we couldn't eat. There was one other couple in the place when we got there and shortly after another couple arrived. They waited at the front, and was ignored by the passing staff. At one point they just grabbed menus and sat themselves. Over all the food was great, but the service was a little off. Would be much better if there was one server to one table. Too many people kept us from eating.
1_star I have went to this restaurant a couple of times the first time went horribly I found onions in my food and I've said in different reviews that I hate onions I ordered an omelet and it contains multiple onions and every bite so I ended up going again to Popeye's down the street he said that was only the first time I decided to give them another chance yet when I ordered my English muffin I found three hairs in it I don't recommend going here it is not clean the service is good but otherwise horrible
5_star Made our way off the strip to this gem based on a friends recommendation- so stoked I did!!! Incredible everything, do yourself a favor and go here. Love it!!!
2_star It's cold here, like anywhere indoors in Vegas. We came for a late lunch on Labor Day weekend, so it was still a little crowded even around 1pm, a 10-minute wait. But we got a nice table by the fountains and strip club, so it was pleasing for both parties. :) The food seemed a little 'meh', to put it best. It was very run-of-the-mill island bar fare. Basically their take on "Hawaiian" burgers is to put bacon or avocados on everything, with a slice of pineapple on the side. Last time I checked, that really doesn't have very much to do with the beautiful islands of Hawai'i at all. Neither does the Buffalo Burger, which we ordered. The burger came out medium rare, which was nice. Although, my girlfriend did later complain about some stomach pains, which made it a tough day. The prices here are going to be resort prices - you can get better just by walking around in Vegas, and I suggest you do, unless you're absolutely set on eating at the Miracle Mile Shops.
2_star Sam Fox is normally renowned for such great restaurants. That's why this one was such a surprise. We made reservations for a party of seven and asked for a specific table. When we arrived, the table we asked for was not available. I've been in the restaurant business for many years now and I understand that restaurants cannot always guarantee specific tables. That's fine. However, they crammed us like sardines into a booth. The place is incredibly noisy so, even though we were incredibly close, we couldn't really hear each other. Now, I like to study and peruse the menu, so, as a courtesy to my fellow diners, I do it ahead of time on the restaurant's website. We were eating at 1pm on a Saturday so, stupidly, I decided to check out the lunch menu. When we arrived, we were only allowed to order off the breakfast menu. At one o'clock. On a Saturday! Now, every restaurant I've worked at, from low end to high end has been able to accommodate any menu request at any time. It's just basic customer service. So, disgusted, we began to peruse the breakfast menu. About 25 minutes into our meal, we FINALLY received glasses of water on the table. And little did we know that we should have cherished the water as it was the last we'd see. The food was decent - not great but not bad. However, the whole meal was horribly marred by the substandard customer service. There are so many great restaurants in this area that I find no reason to ever return to this one.
4_star This is a great burger and fry trendy-style restaurant. Both the burgers and fries are delicious. I just hope that stupid McDonalds they're going to build across the street doesn't ruin their business and/or view out the front windows. My wife and I went here one night, and it happened to be May 6th. We both got burgers for only 56 cents each! I'll be eating here every May 6th as long as they're around.
2_star This restaurant is somewhere between two and three stars, but it doesn't quite deserve that third star. It doesn't really deserve even two and a half stars. Disclaimer, all I ordered and ate was the chicken pad thai. I called in to place my order and the woman who took my order was less than pleasant. She seemed to be in a rush to get off the phone. When I got there to pick up my order, it was almost completely empty. I also asked for an extra fork which was met by a look of disdain. Fine. The final cost was $12.16, which might be pretty steep for a late lunch (~4:45pm), but it would be worth it for delicious pad thai. When I opened the box, I found white noodles. WHITE NOODLES. I've had my fair share of pad thai, and while I may not be a fan of thai food in general, my favorite food, by far, is pad thai. Anyway, back to the white noodles. When I actually ordered this, I specifically asked for extra sauce. Every time I've ever eaten, or even seen for that matter, pad thai, they always have a rich brownish-(almost) reddish color (given by the tamarind used in traditional pad thai sauce). The first bite I took was lacking in flavor in almost every way, except for a mild sweet background flavor. Every bite after that got a little worse. A few squeezes of lime helped a bit, but it could only do so much. The chicken was entirely inedible. It tasted like chicken. And nothing else. As if they fried the chicken in its own juices and nothing else, not even salt. The egg had the same problem, but, to be fair, I'm not a fan of eggs to begin with. The only thing that makes the dish better than just one star was that the noodle quality was near-perfect. Long noodles go a long way in bettering an eating experience. They also kept their integrity, not falling apart and breaking as soon as you pulled them away from the eating container. That was the ONLY thing that kept this rating from being a one star. If you didn't bother reading this entire review, let me just sum it up in one sentence: Go to Thara Thai; way better, cheaper, and bigger portions. And the BEST pad thai in Champaign.
3_star This was only my wife's and my second visit to Deagan's which today was for lunch. Weather was warm for February but still a bit brisk. After arrival we were eventually seated. Unfortunately it was just under the air intake screen for the HVAC unit. Very drafty. We asked to be moved (there were only a moderate amount of customers as it was 12:45pm) and were quickly moved to a two top near the bar. Much better. Unfortunately in the move we must have been lost because we sat for nearly 15 minutes before our server showed up. We selected our beer choices and since we had been sitting for so long with our menus we also ordered lunch. My wife chose the cheese sandwich with tomato bisque and I chose the special chorizo minestrone soup as a starter and the beef tamales for my entree. Dispute what appeared to be an abundant amount of wait staff we waited for a VERY long time for our meals. I eventually asked about my cup of soup and our server responded with "oh it should have been out by now". Once the soup arrived I was pleasantly surprised. Very flavorful, complete with al dente carrots, spices but not over the top flavor. Unfortunately due to the lack of attention of our server our entrees quickly followed and I had a cup of soup and a hot entree at the time. We both enjoyed our entrees. The cheese sandwich was very nicely grilled, excellent flavor on the cheese and nice bacon to top off the sandwich. The tomato bisque was smooth, rich in flavor and very good. My tamales were very moist and the moo sauces were excellent. The red mole had smoke and a kick to it. The green mole was sweeter and also very flavorful. Accompanied by rice the dish was very good. The experience was ok given the poor service. The food was excellent. There was a total lack of management present given the abundance of servers, the lack of a large crowd and the very slow service. We are divided on a return visit. Being from the east side, the distance involved in getting here and the abundance of excellent choices elsewhere leaves us unsure about a third visit.
4_star The argentine sandwich is do good! So is the big wak! The fries are also amazing and so are the drink options! Appetizers were ok though. The crab puffs and buffalo wings will never see me again... But the entrees have seen me twice and will see me a ton more times!
1_star Was craving good authentic Chinese food, while I was shopping at metro center mall So I decided to try #1 Sushi, the service was wonderful very fast service, their prices are wonderfully affordable and their portions are huge. I mean $.75 cents for a full side order of noodles you can't beat that I said! Well then I finally got to sit to enjoy my meal and wow the chicken is so bland, flavorless and the wonderful deal with the noodles not so wonderfully at all they just taste like boiled pasta. So I drenched the pasta and the chicken with sauce and Siracha in hopes that it would add flavor yeah no, my mouth is on fire and it still tastes bland. The only good thing was the rice, yeah the rice cause I mean there is so much science in making white rice, right! Since I'm not for putting my mouth on fire again I won't eat there again.
5_star Great food, great service and an amazing atmosphere. I was even spanked with a wooden paddle after taking shots. This is an experience as much as it is a restaurant. The beer here is excellent as are the giant pretzels. The entrees aren't going to blow you away but they're good enough and they give you plenty of food. There's actually a second part of the restaurant in the back called the beer garden if you don't want to be overwhelmed by the band and ruckus. At first we thought we were outside, but it's actually indoors. Very touristy but worth a visit.
3_star This was my first yard house experience, and it was terrible! My family was visting Vegas. So we all decided to try something new. The experience was horrendous! Costumer service was horrible. The waiters were disappointing, they were disrespectful and awful. Even the food quality wasn't as imagined. Instead of juicy and steamy. It was cold and left out, it seemed as if the food had been left out and served to us. Maybe, it will be better in the next visit.
5_star We recently had an amazing catering experience for our 75 person party with Mykonos Grill. This was the first time we hosted such a large event and Peter clearly showed that his primary concern was the success of our party. He was extremely helpful, offering lots of tips on how to best serve and arrange the food with so many people, and never made us feel rushed anytime we stopped by or called with a question. The food was delivered on time and was a huge hit with our guests, everything was delicious! We've dined in the restaurant before as well and both the service and food were excellent. We couldn't recommend this restaurant enough.
3_star Great times and drinks. Their pancake event that happened earlier this year was not very good. The pancakes were not fully cooked and they only had two people cooking.
4_star I loved nandos for years then it went down hill for me. This location has gotten me excited about Nandos again. Fresh, good seating, nice location and good set up. The peri peri fries are very good but I just love the chicken with hot sauce.
3_star I really loved the decor and service. 3 out of 4 of us had a too salty experience. Brussels sprouts were over the top salty. Flank steak as well. None of us talked about it but I overheard one of our ppl saying he couldn't finish because of the saltiness. My husband and I talked about it later. Please correct this! We want to love this place.
4_star My friend and I ordered the famous fried chicken sandwich and the dirty nachos. I was surprised how tasty both dishes were - not your typical sandwich and nachos even though both were made with simple ingredients. The flavors were just delicious !!! Small venue and music is loud but the food was sooo good !
3_star It was good, but I do feel like it was way over hyped. I think part of my hangup is that I really just prefer a slice of NY Style Pizza. Service was good and the varity of pizza was also good.
4_star Excellent humus, good service, enjoyed the fish tacos.
3_star Our first time coming to Nemo's. After making a reservation earlier that day, we showed up and were sat immediately. Initial service coming to our table was a little slow, and we were not provided menus at the time we sat down. When our server did arrive, we ordered everything (wine, salad, main course). Nemo's also brings bread to your table. Smaller loaf was accompanied by a sweet butter. Wine by the glass selection was good, and we ordered a Pinot Noir and Malbec. Both good selections that got our dinner experience off on the right foot. The dinner selections were Braised Short Ribs and Grouper. With each meal, we received a healthy portion, and did not have much room for dessert. These two main courses certainly hit the spot. The ambiance of the room where we were sat was a little bright for the time of day (evening). Our table felt like we were out in the open. Overall, we were glad we tried Nemo's. I don't think anyone would be disappointed with the food, but not sure I would rush to come back.
1_star Let's start by saying if I could give them a negative star I would, my fiancé and I watched this place being built and couldn't wait to try it.. So last night we thought we'd give it a try, we walked in there was no welcome, no "hi guys how is your night going?" Nothing like that, so we walked in and sat at two machines and started to put money in, a little afterwards bartender came up asked what we were having and we order.. Now mind you I order a Malibu pineapple and my fiancé order a sprite and Three olives grape, cool so we aren't new to the whole play and get your drink comp, anyways we ask to see menu's and when we were ready to order the bartender took over 20 mins to even realize we were still there.. Mind you I do not do good with service people who can't do there job,it makes me super upset when someone can't do there job, but no instead she was flirting with the guys that walked in 15 mins after us. Now on to the food my wings were ice cold, my fries were soggy the flavor was good probably would have been better if my food was hot. I asked the bartender for another thing of ranch and misheard me for another round of drinks. Whatever I guess it happens. My fiances food was alright she usually demolishes her Wings, she barely ate them none the less the fries. I'd say I would like to give this place another try but after seeing my bill(4 drinks and over $100 played) and the shitty service we will not be returning. If service was better and knew how to treat the players we would return. I guess we will still be looking for a new hang out or returning to old ones.
4_star I think this is one of the best Chinese astablishment in Arizona. I will be eating there until I find something better.
1_star Worst service I have never seen, bad environment as well!!!especially for the underbred old guy checker!
5_star Great Pho! You will quickly become a regular like myself, and so many reviewers before me. The food is what keeps you coming back, but the great customer service and value are awesome perks.
2_star Not very good service. Maybe they are busy but we have been coming here for many years and it has been getting worse. The table is still dirty and bathroom is also not clean. I can't stand that. The manager at this location doesn't know how to say "I am sorry". They seem to feel that responding to customers is a waste of time. That's it! I am done here. We should have stopped coming a while ago but kept giving them the benefit of the doubt since we had been coming here for so many years.
5_star Wait for food was long but sell worth it. Everything was hAndmade and I could taste it. Not a fancy place but good is so good
3_star Food quality is mediocre. Serving is mediocre. Ordering using the iPad is nice, since you can see what was ordered and they are less likely to miss your order. There are other better AYCE sushi places around the area.
4_star The pad see ew was great!! I also ordered the Thai wings (another must) but the fried rice was okay (wouldn't order again). Service was adequate but nothing spectacular. Overall, a decent Thai place!
1_star this is a place you have to seat yourself. There was no talking involved other than the waiter asking us what we want to order. The guy who drop off the food just put it down and left, we had to figure out which one was which. No water refills, flies visited our table often (not sure if this is normal for the phoenix area because the door was open). We ordered pho, my friend liked it but I didn't because the soup tasted sweeter than I usual have it. The place seems pretty popular there were people coming in and out. When paying, you have to walk up to the counter yourself and pay. There was no service to speak of.
2_star Giving 2 stars because of the service. I understand Vegas has changed. It used to be that you could get a great meal for a steal, but now it's as if you've walked into an amusement park. I ate the Shrimp udon- $20 and it only comes with 2 shrimp. The dish wasn't very flavorful. The food was hot and fast. That's about the best of it.
2_star The best part about this restaurant was the unique setting. It is a quasi-outdoor warehouse with casual seating areas (apart from the restaurant seating) and outdoor games. Aside from that, not much to recommend it. The service is awful - slow, inattentive, amateurish, and uninterested, the drinks were weak and just so-so, and the food was bland and did not live up to the restaurant's self proclaimed "gastropub" moniker. But then I'm probably spoiled by the Twin Cities' more sophisticated, maturely developed, and creative restaurant scene, which Phoenix just can't touch.
3_star Dumplings is always good choice. I think they have two chefs. Dishes are not always good, especially at lunch. But most of time it's fine.
4_star My girlfriend and I ordered the Senza Formaggio, which is labeled vegan and has no cheese. We also started out with the Bistro Bacon salad. I have to say, both were delicious. The bistro bacon is a very simple salad. It had plenty of crispy warm bacon, which went nicely with the vinaigrette. The pizza crust was nice and chewy, which is a requirement for a good crust in my opinion. The sauce was full of flavor. The service we received was also very good. Why dock a star then? Olives. That's right, you heard me: olives. My girlfriend and I are both big fans of olives. The bistro bacon salad has olives listed as an ingredient. We also ordered olives as an additional ingredient to our pizza. The salad had 2, maybe 3 olives on the entire thing. The pizza was the same story. Not only that, but we've been here twice now and ordered the same thing both times, and both times the olive situation was the same. If I'm paying $3 for olives on my pizza, I expect no skimping. This place is great, but until they up their olive game, I probably won't be visiting as often as I otherwise would.
3_star I stop in here for lunch 2 or 3 times a month. Food is decent bar food. Service is decent. Nothing to amazing. No reason not to go when I'm in the area. Have never been here for the bar scene later in the day and evening. Pretty big place and an outdoor bar. Lots of TVs. Probably a pretty good sports bar.
3_star I thought the tacos were OK. I like that each order comes with tasty tortilla chips and there was a salsa bar and tons of hot sauces to pick from. I came here on a Friday night and it was really busy. There were probably 4 people in line in front of me and it didn't seem like the line died down the whole time I was there. I ordered my food, took my numbered sign, and we were able to find a spot for 2. I had the chicken tinga, carne asada and the baja fish tacos. I liked the fish taco the most and tasted the corn which was good, but altogether everything was average. I'd prefer to go to La Carnita, Seven Lives, Burrito Boyz, and Grand Electric in comparison. Although I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here, it's in a good location and I would still come back if a friend wanted to try it out or meet there.
1_star Mixed experience. Sausages and home fries were cold. Server seemed genuinely upset. In summary: Service? Great! Food? Not so much.
3_star I would actually give 1 or 2 star at most for their ramen, however, I really want them to stay in business and I need good ramen in Toronto! Can they do better?? I am from Kyushu, Japan (where Tonkotsu ramen is originally from) so I know my expectation for ramen is too high. Of course I am not expecting a perfect bowl of ramen in Toronto. I just want a decent one. I had the Kakuni Ramen (tonkotsu base soup) the other day at Raijin. Soup is too sweet and creamy (like milk!?) and not salty enough. Flavor is not just bland, but weird and watery, too, there is no depth to the taste. I hope they are not adding dairy like milk or soy milk in it!!!!! I don't want to sound mean, but it tasted like "hondashi (katsuo dashi) in creamy corn soup (no corn, but like the sweetness that comes from corn and milk)". This is not tonkotsu ramen soup, folks... and it does not taste good at all.... The kakuni, noodles, and everything else was fine. More than decent. Love their decor. Please just make some changes to your soup!
4_star I recently went to Czehoski on a Wednesday night. Luckily to my surprise, the was half price bottles of wine! The wine selection was not one of the best, however how can you complain with that deal! The server was hilarious, and was very attentive to our group. The patio is a must if you can grab a spot. The one Fail, the DJ that that he was a superstar when clearly I could have done a better job with my IPOD. Overall, Loving the vibe, the drinks, and the food of this hipster go to spot.
2_star The omelet was basically scrambled eggs mixed with whatever fillings and folded in half(which didn't do anything for the taste). A good breakfast restaurant would know to cook the fillings and place inside the scrambled eggs- delicious! Willing to try some other things on the menu but could not rate my breakfast any higher since the coffee was just okay as well. Don't understand why a breakfast place wouldn't make sure to have exceptional coffee with exceptional breakfasts.
3_star First Wok's your typical Chinese take-out restaurant: greasy, run-of-the-mill, one-dimensional food with monosodium glutamate overload to boot. Last time around, the person at the counter, probably the owner, seemed to be in a particularly grumpy mood. Maybe she was just having a bad hair day? On the upside, at least I didn't end up with an upset stomach after eating their chicken lo mein. So there's that. Overall, at best, First Wok's worth 2.5 stars but I will be generous and round it up 3.
4_star Trés bonne cuisine végétarienne et familiale. Excellent service avec beau sourire ! J'y retourne régulièrement.
1_star 9/18/2013 Had dinner at Joe's Crab Shack, 5:00 PM. Ordered shrimp bucket COLD, got hot. Ordered Salad with BALSAMIC VINEGARETTE , Got THOUSAND ISLAND. ORDERED Fish and Shrimp, got nasty old fish. Ordered Dungeness Crab, must have been shipped at least a month ago. Manager came to table holding her stomach like she had some real pain. Did the typical, will make it right, but to late. This was the worst $70.00 dollars I spent in a long time.
4_star Wonderful Chinese food for a very fair value. My favorites Salt & Pepper Shrimp with the shell. But no shrimp head oh well. It's hard to find Chinese food cooked for Chinese and not the american palette. Also Salt & Pepper pork, Sea Bass House seafood on crispy noodles. Black pepper Beef. They also do celebrate Chinese New Year and offer a Special Menu that is also very tasty.
5_star It was unbelievable how amazing my oranch chicken and fried rice was to perfection. I mean seriously she Chef speaks no English so you know your getting genuine Asian Cuisine. I come here about once a week and will keep coming. Thanks Asian Island you guys are the best!
1_star Last night I stopped here for a bite to eat had never been before and was very disappointed with their lack of service and terrible food. After sitting at the near empty bar for 10 minutes I finally decided to reach around and get myself a menu, I was never greeted or welcomed. The bar tender was nice as I placed my order. When the food arrived (Filet Mignon sliders and old school nachos) the extremely thin slice of meat on a huge bun was over cooked and the nachos were more like a small bowl of chips with some olives green chillies and lightly sprinkled with unmelted cheese. The most pathetic display of food I've ever seen. I asked for more cheese but by the time it came I realized there's no way I was going to pay 12$ for those nachos I honestly didn't want to pay for the sliders either since of the 4 I really only had enough to meat for one and ditched 3 of the buns but went ahead and did anyway. When the manager came to ask what was wrong with the food I told him and he argued with me saying they brought me more cheese and tried to negotiate a discount rather then removing the item that I wasn't even going to eat because of how bad it was. He eventually decided to remove the item. This was a terrible experience and I wont be back nor will I refer anyone to this establishment I don't see them being in business much longer. On a side note the bartender did apologize and was really polite so of course she still got a 30% tip.
3_star Good food but the restaurant is too loud to have a conversation due to a bare steel ceiling that amplifies the noise. ***Accessibility tip: If you have any sensitivity to loud noise or hearing difficulties I strongly recommend avoiding this restaurant and trying another location.*** I've been here twice. The first time the restaurant was packed and my Dad and I could barely hear each other talk but the breakfast platter was good with eggs, sausage and real fried potatoes and the service was fast. I went again with my boyfriend on a weekday thinking it wouldn't be as busy or as loud but the noise was still deafening despite a smaller crowd. Again, the service was friendly and fast and the food was good, standard breakfast fare. I had the sunset sandwich with potatoes (good) and vegetables (one carrot and cucumber stick, amusing).
2_star Really disappointed by this place. Went with a few friends, and we were all surprised by how mediocre the pizza was. The place looks really nice, but the pizzas were just meh, and the service wasn't very friendly either. Maybe was just an off night, but not likely going to return.
2_star Overpriced mediocre food...save your taste buds and wallet!
5_star This was such a treat! I was just here for the first time at Christmas time. It's such a spectacular view and the rotating feature gives you a 360 degree view right from your table while you dine. The food was very good. There was not a single thing I had that wasn't good. With the bread, they serve 3 different butters - all wonderful. The lobster bisque was the best I've ever had. If I'm remembering correctly, the friend I went with had been there several times before and had always ordered the duck but it was not on the menu this time. He was really looking forward to having it and was naturally disappointed to find it wasn't on the menu but he did very much enjoy what he ordered instead. If you haven't been here before while visiting Vegas, it's worth the experience but know it's going to be an expensive night.
3_star Food is good, but the fried rice had a burnt taste to me, My sister said it's good but It tasted funny to me. But overall everything else we had was good
1_star We went there on Bastille Day, July 14 without a reservation. We were flying out in the morning and wanted something away from the strip with easy parking- and not far from our hotel. I saw the 4 stars on Yelp and we decided to try it. They had a table available if we promised to be finished before their next 7:45 reservation. No problem for us. I don't know what their regular menu is, but July 14 was all French. We ordered wine and beer and decided to share a steak frites- think that's what it was called. (I think sharing was our fatal flaw.) We ordered it "medium" as I don't like rare meat. The service was slow. Slow to get our drinks and very slow to get our dinner. The table for 2 to our left had 2 plates of bread along with their meal. We had none. The table of 4 to our right ordered foils gras and other things. They must have been important as the Maitre D fawned over them, brought them complimentary appetizers and returned to chat with them several times while we waited for our dinner. Finally received our RARE steak frites. The steak was Luke warm and gristly. The fries were piping hot and excellent. Never saw any bread. We felt treated like second class citizens. We won't be back.
3_star Not bad but not my best experience. I've been a regular at the original Mississauga location on Dixie and I've always loved what they had to offer but this location is must closer to home. I absolutely love the interior design of this location but the seating is very congested. Being seated at the head of the table, I kept getting nudged by anyone walking by. Something I'm not completely fond of with the chain itself is paying for your food before you get it, which includes a tip. The tip part is what kills me lol. Being part of a party of 7, everyone ordered shawarma plates while I ordered a chicken shawarma wrap. Surprisingly mine took the longest and didn't come until majority were half way through their dinners. I DO however LOOOOVEEEE their complementary fresh and hot pitas and hummus....yum! The food itself was good, not the best shawarma I've had but it was good. In terms of customer service, it's always a hit or miss with this location. Sometimes it's good, sometimes it's bad but it's never been consistent. I'd say go and give it a go
4_star Super friendly staff - owner is around, will stop for a chat. Have been here several times and the place is always busy. The 10$ dinner specials are well worth it! Great pierogies! Food is good - the side salad and entry salads are really good. Bar prices are very reasonable. They also apparently have different cheesecakes delivered with some pretty unique flavors (apple walnut, creamscicle) I have not had them yet but the waitress has said they are good. Nice casual hang out spot.
3_star Its always a good sign when you enter a restaurant and the waitresses dont speak English...that means it's authentic! Unfortunately it doesnt always mean the food being fantastic. We had the bun with grilled pork and egg roll. Huge portion, pork was actually grilled, we were pleased. Had the pho tai nam sach, the portions were huge, but really disappointing. Where was all the cilantro, green onions and onions in the dish? The meal felt very bare. Semi-disappointing.
2_star Not what I expected. The hummus was too dry with very little flavor. The fries were also flavorless. My expectations were that you can serve "healthy" Greek cuisine by adding some spice & seasonings. Those were the only 2 items I have tried at this time. Positive: The product BRANDING & GRAPHICS were on point. Just wished the food was.
2_star Just an ordinary Thai restaurant. Thai food is ok but horrible horrible service!!! The stuff is not friendly at all.
4_star Spendy but delicious food! I highly recommend the Caesar salad and spicy a la vodka! Amazing!!
2_star Service is absolutely horrible here. Had to flag down someone for everything. We had to ask for water, coffee refills, to order, she corrected my step dad when he asked for syrup, just all around bad. But the food is decent. My husband ordered the chicken and waffles, I had corned beef hash. It was just corned beef on top of potatoes instead of mixed in, so not really a hash. The chicken on the chicken and waffles were actually tasty. The waffles even tho they had bacon in them were bland. The portions are huge! I'm not sure how they do their pricing so low. If you're super hungry or looking for a serious cheat meal for a low price. This is a good place.
1_star NOT the best experience. Food was not bad and came out quick but felt very tooken advantage on their new steak and unlimited shrimp deal. The server Mike F gave me options on everything else we ordered that had an option, down to the lemonade but when I told him and I pointed to the steak and shrimp unlimited deal, he did not ask did I want a filet or sirloin, which I guess the sirloin was the deal, which is what I wanted for $15.99 but he in fact took it upon himself to order me the filet and then bring a bill where it showed they were $28.99 a piece. Bad thing is that even on this add online, it is very misleading and that is probably why their servers try to get over on their guests as well as the establishment. Awful advertisement, use better ways to get people in the door and be direct on your promos. I wish I would have asked to speak to a manager but I was trying not to make a seen and in all I was upset at the server and took it out off his tip. He definitely should have opted me which steak, I work with servers that do this sort of thing, so I'm very aware. I'm in the industry and this should not have happened.
5_star Go there on Tuesdays for Jumbo Margaritas! The food is pretty good, and the service is awesome. My girlfriend and I will continue coming back!
3_star 3.5. we went on a Monday night, almost empty which means no line up, good for us. ordered Tonkotsu Shoyu Ramen, Miso Ramen and Gyoza. one thick nooddle and one original. I liked the thick noodle, it's more chewy. Soup base tasted almost the same between the two ramens. I liked the creamy soup but it was too salty and the meat was too fat... also, their portion is on a smaller side compare to other ramen places. Gyoza was just a soso, nothing impressive about it really and i think the 4.50 price is too much for 4 pieces.
2_star I am generally a big fan of O&B and have been there for a number of brunches, lunches and dinners - graduations, bridal showers, retirement parties etc. - although I have only ever frequented the Yonge and Front location. My husband and I joined a friend's birthday dinner at O&B Bayview Village a few weeks ago. He ordered the lamb gnocchi, which must have been contaminated or undercooked as he threw it a up a few hours later when we got home. I emailed the manager and urged him to check on what went wrong to ensure that it doesn't happen again - that was a month ago now... after two follow-ups, still no response. I'm vegetarian, so luckily I didn't suffer the same fate. I did point out an error on the menu though - our server confirmed that the romaine and kale caesar salad (marked as a "vegetarian" item) contained anchovy paste in the dressing. I know that anchovy paste is common in caesar salad dressing, and that's fine, but then the salad shouldn't be marked as a vegetarian item as that is very misleading. Top that off with no real customer service (certainly not at the staff level, and apparently not at the management level either) - not impressed.
3_star Gus's is a fifties-themed diner, so ambience is what it is--get over it. I've been here for breakfast a few times, and I'm happy to report that the fare is just fine. The service is friendly and attentive. I can't remember the last time (if there ever was one) that I was blown away by breakfast food, so what more can you ask for?
5_star Tiny place full of flavours! Clean & delicious! Staff is very friendly and you will get your order super fast
1_star Just sat at this place for ten minutes. It wasn't busy. Three waitresses see my girlfriend and I sitting and not one walked over. But one can hit on a guy for the whole time and then walk past and ignore us. We walked out and the hostess doesn't say a word, just blank stares at us. Ten minutes. Not a hello, no water. But please, go ahead and mean mug my girlfriend. Completely unprofessional and incompetent staff. Will never go here again.
1_star By far the worst place I have been. This restaurant wins my vote for worst overall! I understand that with the grand opening of a new restaurant comes some flaws but never will I cheat on chowon again! It isn't a fancy restaurant but McDonald's has better service then this place! First off, we (group of four) arrived at the restaurant at 7:45, the rude waiter sat us down at a dirty table..okay we let that slide. Second he served us water in half empty cups! Waiter refused to ask us if we wanted anything else to drink. He took our order which consist of steamed dumplings, two jampongs, one kimchee soup, and curry seafood. The rude waiter never came back to refill our water..never came back to our table period. We sat there patiently an hour passes by no refill on water, no service, no appetizer. I mean steamed dumplings are steamed...how hard could it be to steam dumplings??! Atleast with an appetizer we wouldn't be so aggravated with the no service/bad service. An hour and thirty minutes passes and i had to walk up to the front of the restaurant considering no service in the dining room and he replys ten minutes..we wait ten minutes maybe even twenty and no appetizers/food. We walked out and all he had to say was okay? I will not be giving it the benefit of the doubt and to top it off they don't deserve my one star, so I take that back. I will never cheat on chowon again!
3_star This used to be one of our favorite places to eat on the weekends. Since ownership changed, the menue did too. They did away with their best dessert, the red velvet cake. It was so good my fiance and I were planning on buying several of the cakes for our wedding. So much for that. They also make paninis. They are still good, but if you are a fan of the older style, you might be dissapointed. Last time I ate here I ordered the pancetta panini and was assured it would be made the same as it always was. It was not. I would really like to give this place a higher rating, bc they do still have good food. I just prefer the older menu and style over this new one. If you do go, I would definitely recommend trying the waffles.
3_star Today was our second visit to 'The Egg I Am' on a Sunday. We arrived around 9:00AM and not a bad wait to be seated, 30 minutes. The complimentary coffee is a nice perk to have available while waiting. Once seated, it took 30 minutes for our food to arrive (during both visits). It has been over 6 weeks or more since they have been open and it is a shame that at both visits it took over 30 minutes for our food ticket, of just breakfast food. This is a lack of prep in the kitchen. Owners please take note and work on the kitchen staff to speed up the times. The apples in the apple pancake were raw. They fell out of the pancake. The eggs were great the first visit and were cooked just right. Today, the eggs were runny and were not hot. The bacon was cold too. I just do not see a 3rd visit in my future.
2_star UPDATE UPDATE UPDATE: Since I worte my last review of thi splace, I hace since gone back. I went this past Labor day weekend for lunch. I am so very very disappointed. The menu prices have gone up so much. Lunch and dinner used to be a decent price, now they have gone up nearly 2 bucks for each entree. They also used to include a small bowl of soup with lunch, now it is 4.95 for it!!!! On top of all this, they provide only ONE refill of your beverage at lunch. So sad that the owners seem to have gotten very greedy and began to overprice. Despite this being one of my favorite Mexican resturants of all time, the price, quality and greed will not allow me to go back. I will look for something new. You may never find another Mexican food resturant like this. WOW WOW WOW!!!!! The food, awsome, the service, awsome, the price, awsome. This family has done so well, and knows how to treat a customer!
2_star The food isn't all that great, extremely greasy and over sauced, though I will say the hot and sour soup is delicious. I always order it when I go. My boyfriend hates it everytime we get food from there and the last time I ordered shrimp from there it was not cooked correctly or even cleaned properly. I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone.
2_star Nothing special, definitely dont wanna eat and then go walking around on the strip, could be bad news, haha
2_star The food was ok, greasy and oily. I'm especially grossed out by one of the wait staff clipping his fingernails in the dining area, in front of patrons while talking to other wait staff. Super gross. I will not be back.
4_star This place has a lot of charm. You can tell the family that runs it is very passionate about what they do. Our server recommended the Cold Sweaty Noodle (I forget the exact name of this dish) it was my favourite of the night, good spice, light, and packed with raw veggies. The broths are definitely different from any other place you will try, but it was an interesting change... not necessarily lacking in flavour as other reviews might suggest, just different. They had a bit more of an acidic flavour. The staff there seemed generally confused and overwhelmed, but they will probably get into the groove of things in a few months. Not one of my top picks, but I look forward to coming back and trying some other items on their menu.
1_star never have used yelp before today but thought this would be a great time to start. went to sagos last night to see how the service was cause i am trying to book a place for a small party. let me start with walking in the door, no hello! welcome to sagos, just ignored so took our seat at a table in the dining area. it only took about 9 mins for the server to appear and take drink order then another 7 mins to bring drinks back to table. i dont know what her name was because she never offered it the whole time i was there, she seemed more concerened with going out the back door and into the bathroom than her table. the food was typical bar food,the only difference was it was cold due to lack of poor service. i would not recommend sagos to anyone who has not tried it before, and to anyone who is a regular i honestly feel sorry for you. you can a much better experience for your money by going to other bars in area such as the bar, off the strip,even pts. i would have to say after my first visit there, i will definitly never return even if my meal and drinks were comped, due to lack of poor service and not a friendly atmosphere. i discourage anyone from wasting there money in this terrible establishment. thank you!
5_star The best creole in town! Gotta come see Tippa. She will rock your world. We loved the Creole and the pan roast!
3_star A great place for early morning steak and eggs. $4.99 from 1am to 5am, $8.99 till 11am. Servers were fast and efficient, but very busy most of the time so you'd need to catch their attention. Cafe's furnishings are dated but in the middle of the night, you'd wouldn't really care. Menu is huge, i've yet to try anything else. Came here twice in a week to have their steak and eggs. Well cooked steak (medium), sunny side up eggs with potato hash. Will be trying the all-you-can-eat crab legs for $19 tonight. (only on Fridays for dinner).
4_star Really expensive but high quality sushi. Appetizer Tako Wasabi is very fresh and delicious. Comfortable atmosphere. Looks like it used to be a diner of some sort but they did a good job with decor. Love coming here with my husband to spend some quality time. Friendly staff.
4_star Even though the atmosphere is more like "club sushi" I still like this place. I can put up with the big screen playing trendy music videos and the elevated volume for 3 reasons. 1. The fish was fresh, the rice was good and the selection of fresh fish sufficient! 2. They are open until 6am and I have another option for late night/early morning sushi cravings. 3. Great service!
1_star The 2-for-1 margarita special was a total rip off; they just doubled their prices for the 10oz plastic cups of margaritas. But that wasn't the worst of it. I happened to notice that they charged me $1.00 more on each of our entrees than the price listed on the menus. When I talked to the manager about it, he said it wasn't a mistake. He said that the prices changed, but they didn't have the new menus printed yet. Apparently he saw absolutely no problem with charging all of his patrons more than what they thought they'd pay. When I mentioned to him that this is clearly unethical, he just said that he'll make it up to me by giving me $25 off my next meal. In other words, "shut up about it, and I'll make it worth your while." I told him I didn't want his coupon, and that he should just do the right thing and either lower his prices to reflect what's on the menu, or tell his patrons about the increase when they order. I don't think he listened to me. Just think of the thousands of people who paid more than the menu price. Can I hear "Class Action Lawsuit"?
1_star Unfortunately, I didn't enjoy the ribs or the service at AAA. IMO, the ribs were extremely dry and burned to a chewy crisp (how did that even happen?). I also did not enjoy the coleslaw or the slice of store bought white bread served with the ribs. The best part of the meal was the side of kraft dinner. I would love to say that the staff were super nice and created a pleasant atmosphere, but the opposite was true. It seemed like the staff who worked our table hated their job. The location is nice and the building itself has lots of character, but I left hungry and disappointed about both the food and service.
5_star Had breakfast here today with a mimosa Let me just tell you best mimosa I have ever had!!! Great food too! Enjoy
1_star I was really excited to try this place out with my boyfriend, but it was not what we expected, he ordered the molcajete, it was super small for the price , you don't get your money's worth , food quality was alright , yeah we're never going b
2_star I have been to this location twice recently - once of lunch and once for dinner - honestly I would say skip it. The service at lunch was extremely slow - I was there with a coworker - we both got sandwiches (one of which was not prepared the way that we asked for it) and it took almost 45 to an hour to get food with the place empty with the exception of two other people. I went for dinner to give it another shot - first strike was that the draft list wasn't up to date (or even close) and the server didn't even know what was on draft - you are a place that specializes in beer - know your products to be able to sell them. The food is just ok - nothing bad but nothing I couldn't live without. I guess what bothers me the most about both visits is that the service has been subpar at best. Prior to the last 5-6 years I would have said that Sharp Edge would be one of the better beer selections in the city - now there are plenty of other places you can find a great selection of beer with better atmosphere and service.
3_star My husband and I have eaten here only twice with our families. The first time I got the Average Joe burger with avocado. It was ok, I don't think it had much flavor and it was very dry! I had to add some of the sauces they have there in order to eat it. Mine was also mostly bun than beef. Just yesterday I had the Fire In the Hole burger and again it was pretty good but nothing memorable. Even though this one came with guacamole and a chipotle mayo, I still found it a bit dry. The fries though are tasty along with the shakes. I would not really come back here though for a burger unless I was invited. It's not bad but it's not great either.
4_star 4 Stars for the colourful atmosphere, friendly staff, comfortable and fun seating, and freestyle Coke machines. 3.5 Stars for the quality of the food. Four of us shared the "Familia" meal, and it was the perfect amount of food. The whole chicken was great-juicy and flavourful. The chicken skewers were mediocre- too dry. Ordering is done cafeteria style, so it was nice to just get up and go when we were done our meal. It's an overall fun experience with good food. I would definitely recommend Nando's.
2_star Pita Jungle labels themselves a vegetarian/vegan friendly restaurant yet they fry their falafel in the same grease they fry their meat? This makes no sense to me since falafels are so popular among vegetarians. I would like to see this fixed.
2_star First time there. I was excited to try this place out however disappointed with the service. We had reservations and was seated immediately. Once we reached our table we didn't see our server for about 10 mins. Finally she appeared and asked us very hastily what we would like to drink. After this it was downhill. She took care of the 3 parties surrounding us yet failed to check on us or ask if we were ready to order. I literally had to snag her and request she take our order. I felt so rushed through the process. No small talk, no intro to what the restaurant's specials were, no suggestions-nothing. Very uncomfortable order taking as though we were at an upscale fast food restaurant. As far as the food is concerned- the spinach dip was good, as well as the croissants (that weren't offered). However the $29 filet was mediocre. Minimum seasoning and the mashed potatoes taste more sour then potatoes. Overall it was not a good experience especially after spending $91 for 2 steaks, spinach dip and 2 soft drinks. Will not be returning.
2_star Our first time here, after driving half an hour to try the place out. A mish mash of Asian dishes, some of which are hit and miss. We had the lettuce wraps appetizer, teriyaki chicken and Korean sizzling short ribs. The taste and sauces on all three were pretty good. The chicken was tender. But there was too little meat in the filling for the wraps - it was mostly just water chestnut. The ribs were not sizzling but lukewarm and were also the toughest I've ever had. Could not even eat half of the dish. The Chef or manager (he didn't introduce himself) made a lot of excuses when he came over to address the problem, like 'people' around here want their meat well done. Well done and overcooked are two different things. Service was below par, with only one waiter trying to keep up with dine in and take out customers. Won't be coming back here again.
3_star As a frequent visitor to rural Ohio from Brooklyn, I definitely have an interesting perspective on dining options in Cuyahoga Falls. Craft Beer Bar reminds me of home in some respects, which unfortunately work against this establishment for me. Let me explain... Cuyahoga Falls has always been an awesome place to find simple satisfaction from local establishments within it and in the surrounding areas. I've grown accustom to coming into Ohio and sitting down to unbelievably affordable meals in terms of portions and overall goodness. Much like my general experience in the greater Akron area, the service at Craft was on point as to be expected- it seems that friendly service is just a part of the culture in these parts, and its greatly appreciated. Craft Beer Bar also delivers in its namesake, they have a great selection of draft beers at craft beer prices. I opted for the Founders "All day IPA" on my two visits this past weekend, and was surprised to see one of my New England favorites tapped here. Once again, bartender and waitress' alike- customer service here is 10/10. As for the food, it's delicious and well prepared- while the pricing seems to be much more NYC than Ohio. My first night in town I met with friends and had the Veal burger. While delicious, I was kind of surprised that the burger was not accompanied with any side fare. I get that its a gourmet style burger, but $13 for just a burger alone reminded me of what I don't like about a lot of trendy places throughout gentrified Brooklyn. Craft is beautifully decorated and built, but I have zero interest in paying extra for trendiness or atmosphere- which is really my only gripe. It's also obvious they are just getting things off the ground as a new establishment, since the waitress (while extremely courteous & friendly) lacked pertinent knowledge on specifics from the limited food menu. She unknowingly mislead one patron in my party to believe the "Steak Tar Tar" was a cooked meal as opposed to raw- albeit the patron was ignorant to outside clarification... but it is the servers duty to have distinct knowledge of what they're serving. I will say, when you know what you're getting- Craft is a great place for some good beer and fancier appetizers than what you might find anywhere between Cuyahoga and Cleveland. While I wouldn't come to craft for an actual sit down dinner, it served as an awesome post dinner outing for some libations and a late night snack. The Poutine with its pork belly and egg over frittes is on point and priced right at $11 for the gourmet fries. Refreshing spin on what's available in the area, but this out of towner hopes to see Craft get just a little more "home-town" to it by the time I get a chance to visit again, and visit I will.
3_star Not too busy for a Saturday night nad quick seating with a reservation. Great quality food but agreeable with a lot of others as far as timely service. A later seated table got three rolls desert etcetera while we waited 20 minutes for scallop sushi (2 pieces). Friendly service just confusing on serving times per order. Especially on a slow night.
5_star Absolutely love this place. We used to frequent when they were located downtown Vegas. We were saddened to hear that they had moved. On our last drive from CA to CO we decided to stop at the new location and we are sooooo glad we did. The food here is amazing. Everything was delicious - short ribs, Portuguese sausage, Teriyaki chicken and Garlic chicken. And very reasonably priced. Looking forward to visiting again soon.
4_star A short update to my last review. The Rigby now has 14 taps on the main floor. Thanks for listening an adding the 6 additional taps Rigby management.
2_star A co-worker and I went there for lunch and she ordered one of the dish that contained fish sauce. She did not like it because of the smell of the fish sauce and asked the waiter to see if she can exchange it for another dish. The waiter brought the owner and he refused and told her that if he did that for every customer, then he would go out of business. I was shocked at how unprofessional that was. The food was okay, but the customer service has got to change.
2_star You walk in and immediately smell cheap burned oil from the grill. Thought it was just a whoops that first time in the morning but no. Every time we've been there. Would never order something cooked on that grill. They make great smoothies and coffee. Have to go to the patio due to the smell. Very unexpected due to their "healthy" focus. Staff great.
1_star Horrible. Terriyaki chicken was inedible...pad thai and mussaman curry was fair. Service was good though....Very disappointed!
1_star This is the WORST McDonald's of all times. Before writing this review I thought maybe I had crap service from the manager then while trying to fill my cup at the fountain station an employee shoved me to fill her drink because "she is on a quick break" because I am Mexican and everyone else is american and Asian. But after reading these reviews I'm convinced it's just a rude dirty McDonald's. I never thought I'd write a review for a McDonald's!
5_star I go to this place pretty regularly - the owner is amazing - he knows his place and loves to share his knowledge about beer with you. Every visit the staff has been helpful and friendly. The food - well I cannot say enough good things about the sandwiches. I also like that they feature a lot of local breweries on draft and offer you a chance to sample something new every Wednesday - great idea. Keep up the good work.
1_star This was the second time I've ever walked out of a restaurant. We had a party of 10 and they tried to cram us in a space made for 8 and we said no so they got us a bigger table in a moldy smelling back room. After changing servers on us a couple times we finally put in a drink order. After awhile of not getting the drinks for awhile the manager comes out and tells us the beer taps weren't working so they had no draft beer. That did it for us. Service was talking forever and was already terrible. We left and went to a much better restaurant a few doors down
1_star I got the Burrito Phorrito. It was not good. My kids got the Stir Fry. They said it was ok, but we all ordered the slow roasted brisket for our meat choice and it was almost completely all fat. Couldn't even finish my burrito due to all the nasty fatty brisket.
2_star I'm surprised how well this deli is reviewed... I've given it about 5 chances now. It always looks promising, and is right next door to the Jewish bakery which I love. Unfortunately, I've been pretty let down each time I've tried to grab some good food from Scott's. The service is terrible, at least for take-out. They take their time and acknowledge you if they feel like it. I don't know about dine-in service, but you can tell having a smile would get a waitress fired. As for the food... potato knishs looked outstanding, tasted like something you could buy frozen. Bagels were okay but I had the bar raised. Scallion cream cheese left a lot to be desired, which is sad because I consider a good everything bagel with scallion cream cheese to be the ultimate new york breakfast treat (after a good egg sandwich, of course). Damn, the egg sandwich was awful that one time... did they get their bacon from Wendy's? Still looking for a good NY deli, so feel free to pass one on! Wish it could have been Scott's.
3_star Was craving for a late Hawaiian meal with my coworkers and ventured across town to find aloha kitchen. I had ordered the loco moco and I must say, it's not the best thing I ever had. The hamburger steak was so dry and lack any kind of flavor, the gravy was ok. Would I come back? Sure, the prices were decent and might be worth trying again if I get one of those late night Hawaiian food cravings.
4_star These guys were really close to getting 5 stars. The only thing that stopped them was that the guy checking IDs at the front was a little rude. The atmosphere is awesome. Its like straight out of Cabo San Lucas. The food was good. I got the super nachos with chicken and chicken wings. They were cheap and good. Great job guys Now for the drinks: They had a huge tequila selection. Im not sure how many though. Once again, they had my favorite Tequila. Good ol Cruz Tequila. They poured me a double shot of Cruz and it went down smoooooothe. Gotta love it! This place is good for drinks, good for food, and good atmosphere! A+ in my books
1_star Horrible service. Had to grab my own menu, my own cutlery, food was sub par for what they charge (a side of bacon is the same cost as purchasing an entire package at a grocery store). Over cooked, and small portions. "Fresh squeezed" orange juice.. Not fresh.. Full of preservatives. Server threw the bill at us at the end of the meal. It wasn't overly busy, and we never raised complaint, so her behaviour was kind of unexpected and rude. Wont be going there again and will be advising others that it's not worth going to. Next time we stay home and just make our own..
5_star Fast becoming one of our favorite restaurants excellent food excellent value and the service terrific! Today's sushi selections were extremely oyshi
4_star Five stars for the fatty brisket! Five for the pork ribs too! But the sides??? 2 stars at best....they just aren't that good. The owner was cordial and engaging and staff was really nice. Did not like the prompt to tip when you pay. There is no waiter.....just a check out line. Tips for checkout? I don't think so.
5_star I love Amelie's it's one of those places I always take people when I find out they have never been to Charlotte. The food is good but what does it for me is the atmosphere. It's just a good place to just hang out with old friends
1_star When our waitress was bringing out the food, the plate tilted and grease spilled all over my bag and hat. Needless to say food was overly greasy and salty. They also charged me a few bucks extra for choosing bbq pork as one of the options for the dish but the menu made no mention of extra charge. On top of all that, they placed a mandatory tip of 15% on my bill even when service was crap.
1_star I've eaten here or ordered from this place a few times over the years and have never had a horrible experience. The food is decent and reasonably priced. Unfortunately, I am writing this review because of a bad experience that I had. I ordered food there yesterday and when I started eating my veggie spring roll, I bit into something hard. It was a dark green cone shaped object. At first I thought it was an incense cone, but it was made of hard plastic and appeared to have broken off from something - a tool or an instrument of some kind. I brought it back to the restaurant and the worker showed it to the cook who did not recognize the object and could not explain how it ended up in my spring roll. If the spring rolls are made in house, then the object came from the kitchen somewhere and it is disconcerting that it was unexplained. The worker could only offer me a free spring roll. With other Thai options in the area, I won't be returning to The Friendly Thai anytime soon. Potentially breaking a tooth puts a bit of a damper on the eating experience. I find it very interesting that someone else recently had a similar experience (a staple was found), I think more attention needs to be made when cooking!
1_star The food did not have much flavor, it was definitely left out for a few hours.....would not recommend at all....save your money folks
3_star Stopped in for a quick lunch. No slices just ordered a personal pizza. Pizza and a soda was about $8.50. I liked the odd shape of the pizza. The taste was so so, cheese was good, crust medium and sauce kinda boring. I'm not sure if I'll go back. For a quick lunch I'll get some slices at Barros and be out the door for under $5 ... Way better pizza there. Funny thing was I was the only one who ordered pizza there. Everyone else (maybe 4 people in the place) got sandwiches, maybe those are better.
3_star My biggest problem here was expectations everyone had set the bar so high. So I was expecting something much better than I was. Wasn't terrible. But wouldn't say it's the best second-best in the nation I had the Two meet combo with pork ribs and pulled pork. The ribs were okay. Nothing special. And the meat involved on. I'm not a fan of vinegar barbecue sauce. So the Georgia peach was my favorite. The cornbread was good. The atmosphere was really cool. Overall Its too bad the expectations were so high I think I would've liked it better.
5_star Great service + great food = Great place. Noodle and Rice is hidden near the QT, so hunt it down. There are not many tables, but it's clean, recently refurbished, and serves great food. We ordered two items (one noodle dish and one curry), split them, and still had lots leftovers for later. One other thing we really liked - Really large glasses of water that are constantly filled. This was important because we selected "regular" spicy level dishes and found them to SPICY. (Loved it!) Go there, have fun, highly recommended.
5_star Oh boy was I pleasantly surprised by this delicious place. Always stop by Starbucks and this time I decided to try it and oh boy was I missing it! It is just simply delicious their egg drop soup is phenomenal their teriyaki chicken out of this world! Would decently recommend it!
4_star Loved the medium fat burger and onion rings. Shake was great too. Sitting outside in the mist was brilliant in the heat of a summer night. Good service and quality burger.
2_star The staff seemed annoyed when i was in and it took 25 minutes to get 2 sandwiches. I wouldnt dock marks for the long wait in case the person was new but the general attitude in there made the experience uncomfortable so i wont likely be back. Sandwiches were good regardless.
1_star Not a friendly spot. Interesting names don't equate to good taste. Not worth 3 bucks a donut.
1_star Went for lunch and ordered two pizzas. I had been there before about 4 or 5 years ago. I remember how good they were. The waitress warned the pizzas were thin crust. I said it's ok since I had them before. When they arrived they looked like tostadas. I could swear they were flour tortillas with some toppings. Nothing like I remembered. The people who I took with me was their first and last time they'd ever go. They turned cheap to the point I'll never go back. We were still hungry when we left. NEVER AGAIN!!
3_star Small little place that serves a combination of Chinese and Vietnamese food. The menu is pretty limited but I tried the beef pho and the chicken and snow peas dish. The pho had good flavor although the bean sprouts, jalapenos, etc were not brought out until I had eaten for 5 minutes. The chicken dish was a little more disappointing since it had very little flavor and the portions were quite small. The staff was friendly and the prices were decent, but the food was pretty average.
4_star I decided to try this new restaurant out last week as it had a lot of good reviews. The food and service were excellent. The ramen was very good. My only regret was that I came too lunch and the yakitori was not available yet (after 3:00 pm, I think). I would recommend this place.
3_star Good place for lunch or dinner. The salids are a standout and the pizza does not disapoint.
1_star This place is ridiculous! My friends and I went in for dinner and a few drinks long story short my friend asked my fag friend wants to know what drink that is meaning a joke and she said fuck you to him! Well my other friend went up to her near the manager and he did NOTHING you can not do that in a restaurant. We will be letting the entire surprise community know what happened you can not say fuck you to a customer. The women who said that we hope you get fired! Applebee's you just lost a customer! GM we hope you read this and do something to resolve this
1_star The food here is not good, and the service wasn't very good either. Sorry Pepe's Tacos, I will not be eating here again.
4_star Happy busy yummy breakfast joint. Good coffee - nice service - bustling clientelle. Nommy Lyonnaise potatoes. French bananas on Whole Wheat French toast. Boardgames all over the wall - just like my kitchen!
5_star Really amazing place...food is delicious and produce used was of very good quality and so fresh ...staff is so warm and welcoming ...will definitely be visiting again
1_star After reading all the reviews I tried this place while I was in Vegas last weekend.I went to the one on Las Vegas Blvd ,the service was so slow,not enough staff,the servers were exhausted and couldn't keep up.Alot of food kept getting return because the cooks would just throw something together. I am from the South and the food we received didn't have that touch to it....even the mac n cheese wasn't home made. I think we caught them on a bad day. It was an older lady doing her best to make sure people got the correct stuff,she was really nice .
2_star Was originally directed to a poor table next to the cash, asked for window, then was asked to move from it. Ordered a vegetarian sandwich; sliced tomatoes and spinach, chunky-melty white stuff.
2_star Went to this highly recommended place on Yelp for 2 reasons: it's close to home and we have been looking for great sushi! Sorry to say but we were somewhat disappointed. The food was fine but not great. Maybe it was the service that affected out opinion. Took our server about 10 minutes to take our drink order and she was not very attentive after. It was a Wednesday night and not busy. Maybe it was a bad day or night so I didn't want to just write this place off so I took a menu and recommended my fellow workers to go. Well they did and they had worse service than we did! They also said the food wasn't that great and wasn't even able to finish some food because of not receiving condiments that they asked and waited for!! I hope yanagi gets it together like the other Yelp surveys state. Sadly disappointed!
3_star What can I say. It's a White Castle on the Strip. Not a lot of folks yet at 11:30 but I bet this will be packed at 3-4 am. I just got a slider with cheese and a ice water, since I had a concoction with me already haha...the service was sort of slow even though there were not a lot of customers. The workers seem to have attitudes as well, but I guess they have had a long hard day however that is not an excuse.
4_star We are from out of town and came due to the number of reviews and ratings. I'm not sure if I like this... despite this I was not disappointed. We just ordered the 5 different meat platters for 6 people. We came in on a Monday afternoon and had to wait for 30min...due to limited large table seating. We just asked to sit in a small booth and squeeze in, which they allowed. Service was okay.
3_star As a barbecue enthusiast, I was really looking forward to trying Red Rock Saloon. We arrived with a fairly large group and were seated immediately. Unfortunately, the food ended up taking almost an hour to come out after we ordered. The Mac and Cheese was pretty delicious, but the barbecue was quite dry. Overall, Red Rock seems like a great place to grab a casual drink, but I would definitely recommend grabbing dinner somewhere else!
5_star Authentic. The word I would use first to describe this restaurant. Its food is so very close to the flavors found in Peru. This is not to say that Inka or Lima Limon are bad restuarants but the flavors I find are not as authentic as Las Americas. They have food for just about everyone there. Whenever I go the smell of the food brings me back to peru when I am on the beach with my late Grandfather. Friendly The word I would use to describe the staff. They are always so friendly and they are always around to ask you how everything is going. Other restaurants have that kind of service but I personally have found it hard to find service like that in that location. The only con I would give it is its location. Because its location is on Sahara and Eastern it makes it hard for me to drive down there all the time because I live in the opposite direction from it.
3_star Located in Bally's next to the South Tower elevators. I imagine most customers are Bally's guests. Prices are good for a hotel restaurant. It opens early and opens til 1am which is good for guests. Food is okay though. There are seats too so you can sit and enjoy your food or you take it to your room if you don't like smoke. You can smell it since it's on the casino floor. I'd only come here I'm staying here and too lazy to go far to get something toe eat.
5_star Premier brunch fait , bagel avec saumon, pommes de terres et sauces. Jus d'orange pressée. Excellent pour un brunch. Rapport qualité prix au top
4_star I was there a few days ago with a group of mostly asian friends, myself i would have never chosen to go here because I hate spicy food. The restaurant was very cute , nice atmosphere, the servers were efficien,but to me the food was boring ( I guess because I had requested my food to be the least spicy as possible), however everyone in my group loved everything they had....
1_star Decor is fantastic. This is why I gave 1 star. Otherwise, it would be 0. The waiter had a heavy accent. An attempt to figure out ingredients of the food was unsuccessful. As a result we ordered seafood soup, general tao chicken and shrimp pad tai. Seafood soup was basically bowl of pasta with something, but not seafoodish. The waiter was betting it's the seafood soup we have ordered. Let me tell you if they said pasta soup with seafood elements, we would never eat it. There is no mandatory calory information. And the have what to hide. The general Tao would probably resurrect and start a new war if he knew what kind of "chicken" they serve in his name. Mix of sugar, baking stuff, deep fried with something that resembles chicken structure. It's not a chicken! Pad tai had very weird taste and we could not build shrimp defense wall against general Tao attack. Was it 7 or 8 shrimps? The waiter was excited that we cover this trash, but obviously got no tips. I hope this will bring attention of the management or at least defer visit of some guests.
2_star The food is less then ok, the Soup I got was gross! The service is ok but slow. The food made me sick almost instantly! I will not come here again ever!!
3_star Went here for my Birthday dinner this year. IT WAS SO GOOD!!!! Really pricey but super yummy. Sad to say I was not overly impressed with the waiter service. It took a really long time to get water and refills even though we had one guy for our table only...Still I had a great time and it was very pleasant.
4_star Prosperity is one of my neighborhood haunts. I love this place - the atmosphere, food and people are really fun. I've brought my family here when they came to visit and the potato pancakes, bar bowling and sangria pitchers were a huge hit! My only complaint is that the food is quite heavy in general, and there aren't many veggie-friendly options. The pierogies, however, are always a great accomplice for their unique beers.
3_star Crepes: good but the toppings are a bit too sweet for my taste but the texture of the actual crepe is good. Cheesecake: always so tasty and always want another but my food morals keep me in check. I mostly order the strawberry cheesecake but have taken to ordering the cheesecake only in the winter because the cakes are too soft/warm in the summer because of lack of refrigeration
5_star Excellent gorditas and tacos made on home made corn tortillas. Reasonable prices. Nice people.
2_star The resturaunt itself was nice and our waitress was amazing, but we were super dissapointed. I was super excited to hear that they would be in walking distance since ice heard such good things about them, but we will probably not be returning. The food was very bland and super pricey for the amount. My husband and i both felt that the chow mein made for my daughter was better tasting. So sad. But the pork bun was off the chart, we would probably just use this place for drinks and date night, otherwise I'll stick with somewhere better. But according to my husband they do have a changing station in the mens room which is super hard to find. 2 stars
1_star Went for lunch with 8 of us. We requested indoor seating. We were seated in a room with garage doors that opened up the west side of the room to the outside patio. We were bothered through the entire meal by pesky flies. Our meals were brought to 3 of us as the rest waited over 15 minutes before being served. I ordered the three tacos. They were served in soft shells. The chicken taco had dried chicken sitting on too much shredded lettuce. The shrimp taco had mushy shrimp also with too much shredded lettuce. The beef taco tasted too spicy and had very little shredded beef. Those who ordered the classic burger said it was plentiful but nothing special. I recommend staying away from this place.
5_star Coffee is a lot better than the standard in Montreal. A quiet place with nice music, good for studying and spending time with friends.
3_star Has always been my favorite place to go every time we go to vegas. The green bean dish, jumbo garlic prawns, and especially the roast duck is my biggest favorite. The roast duck was always moist and glazing. However, this trip, it was a disappointment, roast duck was dry and super salty and the green beans too chewy - hence the 3 stars. However, I will still come back to this place when I visit again.
2_star Ok, ok, I get it. La Baguette is terribly French and I'm just a rube from DeFo. But come on. $7.95 for a few sparse ingredients slapped between two halves of a baguette? Furthermore, although I have impeccable dental hygiene, I found the sandwich quite literally PAINFUL to eat. I don't believe that ANY sandwich--even a rustic, terribly French sandwich--should cause my gums to bleed. FURTHER furthermore, the proprietress' irritation at my lack of exact change was palpable. Sigh. This was on my bucket list, but I would never go there again.
1_star Looks like this is the LAST TIME we are going here. We sat the bar and waited 20 minutes to be served only to find out that the waitress decided that she would only serve the first half of the bar (which was 3 couples). In fact she knew we were sitting there, saw us and decided to ignore us all together! The sushi chef sadly had to notify staff, who were all standing behind the wall and chatting, that we wanted to be served. It wasn't even tsunami night and the restaurant was fairly empty. Ugh. Just to think we went there often that the sushi chefs recognizes us, only because it is one of the closer sushi restaurants to us. Service of course was horrible. It is usually mediocre at best when we go anyways. Sushi Rock Beachwood needs to work on their customer service skills and management. Sorry to say you guys just lost a couple of regulars who just itch for sushi. (Mostly overpriced anyways).
4_star I always enjoy Thai House. The portions are more than generous and the prices, especially for lunch, are fantastic. I really can't say there's anything here I have ordered and not enjoyed. The rice is delicious, so is the soup. The thai isn't the greatest in the world but for the price it's a quick lunch that can't be beat. The service isn't pushy, but sometimes you do need to really flag down the server. Overall a place I really enjoy. Recommended!
2_star 3 of us went to their new years even prix fixe dinner. We were very disappointed. The appetizer was crackers and pate. the crackers were all out of a box, rice crackers, tortilla chips. the nut pate was quite bland but not awful. I think if they had made the pate half the size and added a homemade vegan spreadable cheese then this would have been a better experience. The entree was the real disappointment. They offered beef bourguignon. This dish was over 80% just white rice with no flavoring to it. no spices, herbs or sauces- bland, bland, bland . The mock beef itself also had no spicing or flavoring to it and was very bland and there was only a tiny amount of it. For veggies they had exactly 3 green beans on each place and one small broccilli sprig. This dish would have been more tasty and healthful if they had cut the rice down by at least half, flavored it and tripled they amount of green veggies, and made a vegan protein with some flavor to it. for $30 you expect to eat more than bland white rice for your entree. The desserts were both very good and that is what the two stars are from . I think that this restaurant specializes in desserts and that is what you should go there for. They also offer lots of commercial vegan candy for takeaway. Maybe their lunch, brunch food is better though. I have not tried this. They did serve us quickly and the servers were nice.
5_star Have to admit, didn't have high expectations of this place going in. Good sushi is hard to come by in the west valley But it blew me away. Not only are the prices low, but the sushi is actually really good. Great happy hour menu everyday from 3-9:30ish. Lots of discount rolls too. And it's CLOSE, for us Goodyear/Buckeye folk. Stop in soon. They're expanding their dessert menu w mochi. Stay away from the water though... they need a filter! :-) I am looking forward to going back.
4_star Pros- Always seated quickly Food is great - 5 stars for food Price point is very good - you definitely get your money's worth Cons - Depending on who you get the servers are often very slow, disorganized, nonchalant ~ such a shame!
4_star Loved it. Travelling through and ordered delivery. Service was fast and courteous. While the food was slightly saltier than I would prefer, the pizza was really good. The cheescake was tasty and not too sweet with giant strawberries. Much better than I anticipated!
5_star Such great food and such a great price!!! This little gem is well worth a try. Whether you are getting lunch, dinner, desert or drinks, this is a solid choice. The gelato is phenomenal. The owner is here most nights to come out and talk passionately about his love for his food and how he learned about the ingredients and processes to make his food the best. The beer selection is solid, for you drinkers: they have Bell's seasonal in bottle and on Fridays and Saturdays they're $3!
4_star I'm a very discerning foodie but OMG... I had a great meal. I can't pronounce or spell what I had but it was basically a very good and rich chicken broth soup. I ordered it with sliced chicken, calamari, crab meat, and thin rice noodles. I order the "just right" size and it was perfect. The broth had scallions and cilantro in it already but they brought a plate of mung beans, Licorice leaves, and lime wedges. Since I love spicy oriental foods, I just had to add the sriracha and crushed Thai chili sauces on the table. With tax and tip, I only spent $10. Best part was it was late and my meal did not sit heavy on me at all. I was very comfortable the rest of the evening.
2_star Walking in, it reminded me of Rudys which is one of my favorite places back home. Aside from picnic tables and some stuff on the walls that's about where the similarities end. Staff was far from friendly. The guy taking orders didnt greet us just asked us what he wanted and grew impatient real quick. He was pretty much a jerk and thats it. The food was ok but the service and staff was far from desirable. Good service will outshine bad food an6 day of the week, however shit service and a jerk staff will not make up for average or slightly better bbq.
2_star Only thing here worth stopping by for was the flan. Runny salsa and beans, old chips and missing ingredients.
4_star Food was def on point! Got fried whiting, greens and mac and cheese! The greens and the fish stood out the most! Mac and cheese good but not great!! Greens were seasoned to perfection with a perfect hit of sweetness. Fish was rather thin in my opinion but seasoned pretty well....Their whiting is a joke compared to Mert's!! Nevertheless food was good and I will definately be back when Im back in the area!!
3_star My first experience with The Capital Grille was at their new restaurant in downtown Seattle, which has quickly become one of my favorite restaurants. So, when I saw that there was one directly across the street from my hotel in Vegas I thought "hey, why not!" The room wasn't ready yet anyway, and I was famished so I headed over. Sitting at the bar, because there's no better place to meet people and have a good time in any Vegas restaurant, I ordered my newly discovered favorite appetizer - the prosciutto wrapped mozzarella. The flavor was great (it was cheese wrapped in meat after all) but the presentation was not quite up to Seattle standards. I guess maybe they don't need to try as hard because they've been around for several more years than their Seattle counterpart. Overall the restaurant itself was very similar (surprise, it's a chain) with dark wood, brass, and paintings of famous people, most of which I don't even recognize. But it does come off a little cheesy, especially seeing that the Vegas Capital Grille is located in a mall. Oh well. At least I still have Seattle!
1_star This place is not authentic boba if you want the delicious stuff I recommending somewhere in California. Unless you like water down drinks then I recommend. The service is bad and they like to fire their employees for some nonsense
3_star Went here recently with friends and family, and must say, the food was quite good. This place's location might not be well known, but if you're in the south strip area and want some fish, you couldn't do much better at least for the downstairs option. Had the rock shrimp and the calamari for appetizers. The shrimp was good, but would have liked a bit more for the price. Didn't quite strike me as huge prawns. The calamari was good and I'm not a calamari fan so I'll leave it at that. Had a sushi roll next. Not quite an appetizer course, as it took too long to come out. That, combined with the roll, may be low point of the meal. It's not that anything was wrong with it, but simply that after all the raving that the waiter did about the sushi, it simply wasn't anything to write home about - a service + food problem!! If anything, the roll felt a bit underwhelming for the price you're paying. I'm kinda a snob for strip sushi though, so I'll at least give RM credit for putting it on the menu. entree: had the char done RM style. The lobster was the best thing I was served all evening, and the mix of the lobster meat, the hollandaise and the char made this non fish lover pretty happy despite himself. The potatoes and the vegetable were standard side item fare at a nice fish joint. Again, a slight service faux pas here, I ordered the RM style which came with potatoes and then asked for cheddar potatoes a moment later, hoping to just do the substitution on the RM style. The waiter didn't quite comprehend that and brought both; not his fault entirely, but a bit more attentiveness all around would help. Conclusion: I want to love this place, but I don't love fish, so props to the RM staff for running an excellent seafood place on the strip. From sushi to the oysters, it's clear that if it's in the sea, RM wants to take a stab at it, and they do a convincing job. Unfortunately the lack of a real knockout dish, along with a few service blunders prevent me from giving it the 4 stars. But if you're in the area and/or have a diverse group of fish lovers, definitely drop by.
1_star Horrible service.. never going back.. foods decent..BUT they say 2.20 for all items (lunchtime) and some item we ordered which was same size as all other they counted as a SPECIALTY item and charged us 6$ for it and didnt tell us it was priced any differently.. when we inquired they said "you'll know for next time" .. sorry, there won't be a next time.. BE CAREFUL WITH YOUR BILL IF YOU GO... ASK THE PRICE OF EACH ITEM.. THEY ALSO ADD A CHARGE FOR THE TEA!!! 1$ per customer....
4_star Tonight was my second visit to Barro's, but my first at this location. This staff was helpful and friendly. I tried the thin crust pizza with pepperoni, mushrooms, and sausage. The sausage seemed to be the fresh variety and had a nice, slightly spicy flavor. I enjoyed all the toppings and would definitely return to get a thin crust pizza. I tried the hand tossed pizza on my initial visit and would definitely recommend the thin. It's the same dough, but the thin doesn't overwhelm the flavor profile like the thicker hand tossed does.
3_star I would give the serivce a solid 5 stars, the food 4 stars and value 3 stars. My wife and I visited Toast for the first time today for lunch. Having been huge fans of Las Ramblas, we were amazed by the transformation of the room. Nice job, Toast. My wife ordered a breakfast sandwich with a side of hashbrowns (really homefries in my opinion) and I ordered the Left Coast BLT (hold the brie). Service was quick, as was the kitchen. We were attended to by multiple servers throughout our experience there and all were very friendly. Our food arrived and my wife's sandwich arrived exactly how she ordered it and she said it was very good. Mine, however, arrived not toasted, despite being assured it would be toasted when I ordered it. OK, no problem, a minor hiccup which was corrected very quickly by the efficient waitstaff. I wished, however, that I had actually looked inside my sandwich before sending it back for the toasting. When it arrived back I bit in and realized it only had 2 slices of bacon on it. Now, I should mention, the menu price for this sandwich is $8.95. Seriously, 2 slices of bacon on a $9 sandwich billing itself as a BLT??? I quickly got the attention of one of our wonderful servers and asked, "does this sandwich always come with only 2 slices of bacon?" Yes, he answered, and immediately offered me more bacon. Within a minute or a so, a plate arrived with 3-4 more slices of bacon. Now that is superior service...very impressive!! Still, with a 20% tip, this turned out to be a $30 lunch, for 2 sandwiches, 1 side of homefries (oops, hashbrowns), 1 mimosa and 1 sweet tea. That's pretty steep. Had it not been for that level of service, this would have been a 1 star review all the way.
4_star What a pleasant surprise! The food was good and the place is spotless. I've had better sandwiches, we all have, but for a quick meal and a nice, quiet, clean place with a friendly staff this place was hard to beat. Definitely will be back.
4_star Excellent food. Portions were right-sized - not too big. I had the fish, which was well-spiced with habenero. I agree with the other reviews that service is really slow, though I'm not sure why.
2_star Terrible service. Arrogant host. You come here only because the choices in Mississauga is pitiful. Pitiful because there isn't a sushi place run by Japanese chefs in Mississauga so us real sushi lovers have to put up with average quality sushi.
1_star I just had one of the worst burgers I have ever had. And it was here. First of all it wasn't one burger, it was two!! Who serves two burgers?? The menu said 8 oz burger. So you expect ONE burger not two small dry patties. Whoever decided to serve two dry flavorless burgers NOT cooked to order should be fired. I told the server this was one of the worst burgers I've ever had. She practically shrugged which irritated me and prompted me to ask for the manager to come over. I don't know whose lack of caring was worse the server or Pat the manager. What a disappointment and waste of FORTY DOLLARS!! STAY AWAY FROM THIS RESTAURANT IF YOU WANT A DECENT BURGER!!!
2_star Went there Saturday night for my wife's Birthday. This was always our go to spot. They must have had an off night as everything was below standards. We both ordered 8 oz filets but my wife's was about 5 oz. Neither steak was very thick and there was no sear or caramelization on the outside. The fries were soggy and limp and the experience was disappointing! I see the have new management, bless their hearts! The table next to us had issues as well but did say Mastro's was excellent.
2_star My review is based on just a couple of Chicago style stuffed Pizzas. There's a 45-minute wait time & the pizzas you get feel like stuffed with cheese, cheese & more cheese. We could hardly have one slice each. Some of the other dishes like thin crust pizza, pasta are good though.
5_star I used to work a block away so was there soon after it opened. It was packed from the start but it lives up to the hype and I have never been disappointed. I stopped by with some friends from out of town after a visit to the CN Tower and it was a nice counterbalance to the touristy scene, being all full of downtown hipsters without a tourist in sight. It was a Friday smack in the middle of the lunch rush but we got a table in about ten minutes. The entire staff was tremendous, which alas is not all that common at popular hangouts with frequent 30-60 minute waits. They can get a little uppity (and a little run ragged), but not here. The kicker is that I was with my 5 year old daughter and 1 1/2 year old son and the staff didn't flinch. We are not their usual target audience but they brought us a high chair and generally worked around our noise and mess (my kids are not new to restaurants so aren't a total terror but still... they're kids). I guess I should say something about the food. I usually hate to order pad thai since it's sort of a cliche, but it's just so good I can't help myself. And the combo is wicked and well worth the extra three bucks. The soup blows me away every time. How do they do that?
4_star I had the best pastrami Reuben sandwich I have ever had here! We were there for happy hour. They also have a great drink menu. Very urban cool place.
2_star My family and I have been here a few times, as there are not many other choices out this way, and I always prefer to support local businesses over national chains. And each time we say to each other that we will not be back. Of all of the different items that I have tried, I have never gotten anything that was actually good. On our last visit, my son ordered a pasta dish that had no flavor, I ordered the monte cristo and it was horrible, my daughter ordered a burger and it was like a hockey puck. Our server was nice, once she warmed up a bit. From now on, we will venture further north when we dine out instead of trying to stay in our neighborhood.
2_star I have to be as honest as possible with this review. It is average at the very most and should really be considered a large hole-in-the-wall type of joint. The place is dirty and would be very surprised if they haven't received sanitary citations in the past. As for the food it is below average Mexican and below average Asian and I don't care how many 4 and 5 star reviews you see listed. Granted that I travel extensively and eat at some of the best restaurants in the world, good food is good food whether you eat in a palace or off of a food truck. If you are going to visit here be sure to keep your expectations in check and within reason and you won't be disappointed by surprise. Final summary: Visited on 21 February 2015. Dirty with below average Mexican/Asian cuisine. Think of it as a very dirty Panda Express and you'll be right on the money with what to expect.
4_star this is our go to pizza joint for Friday dinner and movie. haven't had a bad experience yet.
1_star Nope not again I'm sorry! Soggy pizza and the quality of the spicy sausage is trash! We got 4 different pizzas and did not like 1! I will stick to the best Fired Pie!!!! At least I can say I tried this pizza. Womp Womp womp
1_star Went there today cause hubby really likes their nachos. Got seated and waited for good 10 mins and walked out without even being served at all(no one came to even offer a water). Was the first time happened to us and we are totally upset. We told the hostess that nobody served us so were just going to other restaurant. We ended up having dinner at Gordon Biersch instead.
4_star Easy healthy lunch, I tend to sway towards a teriyaki protein bowl with sweet potato hash. The lemonade is amazing too! Love the vibes and the workers are always friendly. I recommend giving it a try!
1_star Wow. Just wow. Another new low in dining service. We were told it would be a 25-minute wait, so we headed to the bar. Were seated at the bar. It took 20 minutes just to get any bartender to notice us. We had money out; we tried to summon them! Nothing. They were too worried about acting like bar backs than bar tenders. Finally received our drinks but with no coasters. They didn't care to clean up the drinks that were there from before we arrived, or remove napkins or anything. We were invisible. And my wine glass was delivered to me HOT! Wine in a HOT wine glass? Geez. We weren't asked if we wanted another drink. Finally our table was called. Whew! We were seated. Again, it took 20 minutes to get more drinks. If you can't staff a bar at 6:30 p.m. on a Saturday, you might want to rethink your franchise. The server brought bread and butter. Butter was hard as a rock. I ordered a steak with a wedge salad. My husband ordered a steak salad. His steak salad and my entrée were delivered after about 30 minutes. No wedge salad. Server went back and got it. No problem. We were still more angry about having to wait and wait and wait for drinks. Wedge had a vinaigrette on it - not to my liking, because it made the lettuce appear brown and weird. Just not the best wedge. And my baked potato was supposed to be "loaded" but had hardly anything on there. Where was the butter? Sour cream? At least put it on the side so I can put as much as I want, on there. And bring more butter. The only redeeming thing was the steak. 12-ounce ribeye was awesome. I ordered the garlic butter on top, and for $1.49, it was a dollop of nothing. But still the steak was the redeemer for the meal. It wasn't the dining server's fault for anything; the bartenders are to blame. And they were wearing Badger T-shirts. I love the hometown loyalty, but they looked sloppy. A Badger polo shirt looks good on both men and women. Makes you appear more professional. We won't return.
5_star Ate here on our last night in Montreal, wish i had tried it sooner! Ate a few other places including one of the more hyped up spots in the area, which came in slightly under expectations. Bocata was amazing! The food was delicious, the ambience was spot on, music selection was great! ... but let me get to the food.... Had the fried smelt, first time trying this, were delicious, perfecr with the spritz of lemon and then a mayo dip, could have had more! Hubby had the oyster special and loved them. The octopus a gallega was tender, and wonderful. But the highlight for me was the squid ink risotto... EAT THIS ... i could have eaten this for every dinner... it was rich and delicious, with a little smokiness from the spicy chorizo, tender little baby squid tentacles, peas, and baby cilantro sprinkled on top. The prawn and scallop served on top were cooked to perfection! Get this, you wont be disappointed!!!! The only downside here was that they were out of the crispy chicken skins for the night, which i was dying to try, but they must be good if they ran out! 5 stars, will recommend to anyone who takes the trip out to mtl. Oh, and make a reservation in advance, and if you cant, download the DINR app to score last minute reservationa from cancellations if you cant find something!
3_star This Hungarian classic restaurant is now located in Shaker Square in Cleveland, Ohio where it moved from Buckeye Road. The portions are large and the food is authentic but lacks the kind of home made flavor one would expect. The atmosphere is similar to entering a relative's home and is punctuated with homey furniture and tchotchke. I wish the food had been better but unfortunately, the flavors were indistinguishable in both the stuffed cabbage and the chicken paprikash. Remembering the Balaton from years ago, I was disappointed that the food had not retained it's former lushness. Prices are fairly low especially considering the amount of food presented but sometimes less is more. I'd much rather have less food with more quality any day.
5_star This place is great. The food was very good and the service was excellent. I had sushi and my little one had the chicken satay off the kids' menu. The miso soup was good, too. They have a full Thai menu, and then a similar sushi menu to the Sushi 101's on Park Rd. and in Ballantyne. The decor is very nice, also. Go check it out.
5_star Nice friendly staff and welcome environment, great food! Definitely recommended if you stay in Scottsdale area. Great location and the place has free wifi which is a plus for family with teenager kids
4_star Best ramen in town, fried rice is off the chin chain, only thing is that it's a real small spot.
3_star It was my first time here, i had a good experience but i thought the food i had was ok. Maybe i dont have a very sophisticated palette, but i thought the fondue was ok. The cheese didn't have a very appetizing taste to it. I ordered the short ribs which were awesome!! They fell right off the bone and had great taste. they pair it with a mashed potato that had a weird spearmint taste that overwhelmed the dish. I had a drink called the moscow mule, very refreshing and it doesn't feel like you are having alcohol. My fiance ordered the chopped salad, supposedly one of the best salads she has had. I had a bite and agreed it was very good. The ambiance it nice, a little dark, but was cool how it felt like you were in a house. I will go back, but hopefully have a good all around meal.
1_star the worst service I have ever received in my entire life. worst manager I have ever delt with. I was personally insulted by the staff. I cannot believe this place continues to exist with such contempt for their customers. forced gratuity of 20% while getting drinks only. wouldn't split the bill. incompetent management.
5_star Ok, so this is my second time here in 3 weeks, and my husband and I are quite judgmental when it comes to Italian food. We have our local favorites and were excited to try Giuseppe's as we love the venue for its outdoor dining patio. So charming with the gas heaters and trellis and mood lighting and music. What more could you ask for? Well, yes, the amazing food! We tend to judge our dining experience on the bread and salad to start. If they are great, we know we are to expect great entrees, and they do not disappoint. Fresh, hot bread with delicious olive oil and balsamic for dipping. The salads included with the entree (rare these days) are crispy fresh and include many toppings, even cheese!! Not just some lettuce on a plate with some dressing. Between the two of us we have now had four different entrees, and ALL delicious. I cannot wait to try the next time something new. They have a great happy hour wine and appetizer selection, and if you get past that, the entrees are enough to bring home for lunch the next day, LOVE that! You MUST try, you will be happy you did!
3_star Ordered the green curry to satisfy a craving and I think the curry paste was forgotten--little flavor, quite bland and underwhelming. Will try again in a few months to see if this was an isolated thing. Otherwise, staff and service were excellent, restaurant was clean and inviting.
4_star Excellent Indian food. I wish this restaurant was here in Atlanta. Copper takes Indian cuisine to the next level. Presentation is outstanding and you can taste each unique flavor. That's pretty rare for Indian food which usually has a lot of intense flavors that are hard to decipher. We shared samosas as appetizers and I ordered the rack of lamb medium rare. It was divine. When I am visiting Charlotte next I will make it out to Copper once again!
4_star Rio Carnival World Buffet has been a favorite of mine in Vegas. Food selection is superb. The most memorable experience I have is meeting Sal the maitre d. He is happy always no matter what a mad house the buffet area becomes. He has great memory for the regular repeat customers and he has an amazing staff. I would go to the buffet just to see Sal. You will agree once yoy have experienced his style of customer service. The food is great, service is superb and there is great customer service.
5_star Every time I go to this postinos I always get great service! Sometimes the wait is long but totally worth it! I recommend any of the bruschetta!!
1_star Second time here and still horrible service. Food is good. There is a lot of it but don't go if you are in a hurry. The hostess came back three times before she seated us. Then we waited 10 minutes before we decided to leave.
4_star I came here yesterday with a guest, and while the service was great, the food wasn't as awesome as I would have hoped. The portion sizes were great. I just felt that the main dish (chicken and couscous) were not as flavorful as I would have hoped. Also, the dancers were only out about half of the time we were there. It would have been nice if there was entertainment the whole time.
2_star I was so looking forward to the octopus dish after reading the reviews, but my dish was a big disappointment. The chef had charred the fish to a crisp so that it was tough and the tips inedible. The grilled cheese sandwiches were black as well. Service let us down too because our poor waitress was the only staff waiting on the entire restaurant and patio for lunch. She tried her best, but they really needed another person during the lunch hour. And how do they get away with charging $45 for a bottle of Prosecco? Over-cooked and over-priced.
5_star Such a convenient location if you are staying at Cosmo, Aria or Paris. Quick satisfaction. Earl never disappoint me :)
3_star I live in the building above this restaurant. I've been there twice. Both times, for the location. The pasta here is so devastatingly mediocre, I almost cried. The first time, I was just happy to have a restaurant in my neighbourhood. I didn't even expect much, so when the food turned out so disappointing, I was crushed. But location can't be beat, especially in the summer, when the area is bustling with activity and you can sit in the sun. So, the food is bleh, whatever, it happens. The reason I'm posting a review at all, is because I went into the *most charming* bakery that opened next door today and found that they are having to petition to keep their patio open because Eden put in a complaint to the condo board. Now, having lived in the area for 2 years, I've been waiting to see some shops flourish here-- pet stores and convenience stores have come and gone. There is construction for 2 more condos and am sure there will be more in the future. There will be more businesses - yes, restaurants too- that will come here, so they better get used to it. I just don't get that kind of pettiness. They could be supportive, after all Eden serves full meals and Cocoa is a bakery/cafe. And the patios outside make for such good ambiance. Variety and competition never hurt businesses. Maybe Eden will work a little harder to serve some decent food. 1 star for location. 1 star for patio. Minus 3 stars for food that doesn't do the restaurant justice and poor sportsmanship. -------------------------- May 18, 2011 Received email from Mark the manager. Says they're not to blame for the bakery's patio troubles. I've moved to Vancouver and don't know what's going on there now, but thought it's really nice of him to address it. Also says Eden can't please everyone's palate. That's true, although I am definitely no food critic ... Their food's isn't awful, it's just okay. Anyway, it's nice that they care. Added a star for people who care!
2_star Dinner last night at Ditka's. Started with a Shrimp Cocktail which was actually pretty good. Followed up with the crab bisque. Had to ask for cracked pepper instead of the server asking. Really needed something to add flavor which was lacking. Ordered the Prime Rib 16OZ cut rare but it came medium. Again No flavor. Definitely needed the au jus provided. Wife ordered the Filet and Crab Cake (pictured). I guess their idea of a filet is actually just a medallion. All this for the fine price of around $140 including tip. Not really worth it unless stuck with nowhere else to go.
1_star I'm not sure if this is the same as the old chestnut lane across the street or not but the old one had these awesome chocolate chip cookies and they are trying to make the same one and I have had them twice and they are not the same, sad for me. I will still probably try them again though as I dream of the old ones sometime when i am craving some cookie action. Went in here a few times just seems a little strange, did look over to the right and noticed food all over the floor in the kitchen which seemed strange for such a place. Saw a tasty looking loaf of coffee cake on the counter with no price marked, lady at the counter said embarrassingly, 32.00 dollars, and I put the cake back on the counter. Never heard of such a thing. We also got some muffins that seems like they needed help like the cookies.
3_star Decent place. The guy at the front desk was nice. He went several times to check on the to-go order that took about a half hour to arrive. The food was good, too.
5_star Was hesitant to go to dandelion for food, only ever been for late night bar scene. Was very pleasantly surprised by the food. Service at the bar was friendly and helpful as well. I do wish for late night that the downstairs would turn down the music. Some people want to dance and have that loud scene, maybe keep that upstairs. Sometimes I want to hang out, sit down, chat with friends, it would be nice to have both in one bar. Dandelion has that opportunity, having 2 floors, to appeal to both crowds!
1_star I've picked up food from this restaurant several times over 11 years and most of the time the food and customer service has been pretty good. The last time this new young girl who took my order (on the phone) took it down wrong in spite of my telling her twice what I wanted and when I got there to pick up the food she was extremely rude towards me and said that I didn't tell her what it was that I wanted when I noticed and mentioned that the order was incorrect. She was loud and snippy. She was probably on her cell phone for all I know while taking down my order. I called the owner or who I thought was the owner in Scottsdale where they own two other restaurants and the person who answered the phone was not of any help and said sometimes there is miscommunication by the customer and sometimes by the restaurant workers and said he'd talk to her. He sounded somewhat arrogant. After repeating my order twice you'd think she got it? Anyway neither one of them apologized. I don't think they know how to say "sorry" or be polite to their customers. This is what you get when you don't train your extremely young front desk staff people skills and customer service skills which completely ruins the reputation of a business.
1_star I am giving one star because i am really disappointed with their service..very spicy food even after asking for no spice in any of the items but all items had high spice not even mild...In kids meal i have asked for cheese uttapam but they have packed cheese dosai and instead of cheese it was too oily for any kid...so for next time i will not go to this place.
3_star Was craving Molcajete and decided to try this place. It was alright I guess. The beef was overcooked and tough. The salsa it was in was mediocre. Service was less than satisfactory also.
3_star Great pizza. Worst service ever. Seriously some of the best pizza I've ever had but every single person I've encountered has been extremely rude.
2_star I've only been to the Hose & Hound a couple of times at lunchtime. The best thing is the quick service. I'd say the food is sub-par, however, I've only tried a salad and a sandwich. A lot of people around me were ordering hot dishes, which looked tasty, but then again, I was hungry. I quite enjoyed their house salad dressing, however the cajun chicken on my salad was dry and crunchy. A decent meal, but I've had much better.
1_star Tried to eat here last night. Was pretty full. The hostess sat us in the back room which usually isn't a problem. We waited almost 7 minutes and i then asked the hostess if we had a server. She said she would find out who it was. After waiting another 5 minutes no one showed up and the hostess didn't return to let us know she had notified our server. In the mean time the hostess had sat 2 other tables in the back room. I guess business is so good they don't care if people leave. oh, she did thank us on our way out!
1_star The only way I would eat at this place again is if my front door was less than 60 feet away from their entrance.... and I was a quadriplegic confined to a wheel chair for the rest of my life. Seeing that there are no residences that close and I can walk, I can confidently say I will never give this place a nickel again. I walk in to blaring reggae music, which is fine, whatever...but of course I have some douchebag in front of me with his girlfriend slowly dancing to the reggae music for a full 90 seconds while they are deciding what to order, if you want to groove to the music for 5...maybe 10 seconds, fine...but I'm hungover as fuck dude, quit dancing and order your gay salad with raspberry vinagarette and granola all over it. if I had any wish in the world at that very second I would have not wished for a million dollars or world peace, I would have wished for a hammer to instantly appear in my hand so I could hit him in the side of the knee as hard as possible so he would stop dancing and scream so loud that I wouldn't have to listen to the loud reggae music anymore either. I order an egg and cheese sandwich with bacon and an orange juice. Orange juice arrives at my table first. It was basically sunny delight orange juice. This establishment has the hippy tree hugger organic feel to it and you idiots can't make fresh squeezed orange juice? The sandwich comes a full 8-10 minutes after I order it. It was small had a small egg not that much bacon at all, whatever on the cheese, and sourdough bread. This all cost me 10 bucks. Place is a fucking rip-off. If you had brought me my simple order in less than 24 seconds (not 10 minutes) and had fresh squeezed orange juice (not 3 bucks for sunny delight). Then ok charge me 10 bucks and I'll be moderately happy, and would maybe return to eat there if I was 2 mins away from dying of starvation and happened to be driving by. Then some guy walks in who I guess was the assistant coach of the ASU basketball team or something and one of the tree hugging hippy waaay too exuberant employees starts yelling "clap everyone its so and so from wherever...." and then made some joke like "go UofA" or something to mock him sarcastically. Shut up you dumb shit, I'm trying to consume your shitty 10 dollar egg sandwich in peace. Go smoke a bong in the back of the restaurant like you probably usually do anyway, or go stand in front of your restaurant with a sign saying you want it legalized so I can run you over on my way out. Then I leave and I'm walking to my car and reggae dancing douchebag from earlier is feeding his girlfriend from his fork on the outside patio. Ugh. Everything about this place made my head want to explode. And all you people who give this place 5 stars should be immediately transferred to the island of molokai like they did with all the people who had leprosy decades ago. Except the new colony will be for morons.
5_star Can never go wrong with The Keg if your a steak lover. The location has very friendly staff a great atmosphere. A very central Durham location with plenty around it. They're seafood is very tasty too.
3_star I'm downgrading because their reservation rule of parties of 6 or more having to pre-order online from a prix-fixe menu is stupid. Maybe they are trying to dissuade larger groups because it is a pretty small space, but nevertheless, annoying and inconvenient.
1_star Take out was bad. - Didn't get our soup. - sushi was really sloppy, rolls were still stuck together because they didn't cut all the way through - salmon roe was replaced with flying fish roe on the salmon roe sushi. Definitely not reordering.
2_star all you can eat here doesn't make ECONOMIC sense - unless you can eat like a starving uni student or a professional athlete! Special 2 = $24 per person, so a total of $50 for 2 people. - each meat purchased individually costs $12.99, so that's at least 4 main meats to eat before your close to even - the soup and rice are included but really not needed (soup was too salty) - the kim chi dishes come regardless if you order al la carte or buffet So if you could have 2 mains for $12.99 each and be full, why would you AYCE BBQ? Perhaps for the variety? After all, for the Special #2, you can choose from the 8 different meats! Let me explain how it works - you can order 3 meats to start, and when you have FINISHED these 3, you can order more. We ordered our 3 meats - kalbi, pork belly and bulgogi - each was a mountain of meat, probably 400-500g on each plate. How close did we get to finishing these 3 plates to try any of the other 5 available meats? ~about 70%. So we had to ask for a special favour just to try the sirloin and spicy pork (which was all fat). The sirloin was worth it though. Beware, don't cook everything because you'll be charged for uneaten COOKED meat. Which makes me wonder a bit as to what happens to the unused uncooked meat, which had been sitting on our table for about an hour.... having said all this - the meat generally is better than average quality - tender without too much gristle. The staff, who don't speak much english, were friendly but they hovered a bit too much to try to stop patrons burning the hotplate. So, my advice, unless you really can eat a lot, is to order the dishes separately and you be just as full and probably spend half as much!
4_star The food was delicious. The sever any questions I had I had about the menu, was super friendly and her suggestions was so tasty.The service was fantastic.
2_star The food is good but 2 stars for service!!!! Sorry but if I ask for a recommendation and you say "uhhhhhh I don't know there's a lot" you shouldn't Be waiting tables. Can you not recommend ONE thing on your menu?! Like that is crazy to me. I hope she brings home a menu tonight and brushes up on her product!!!
4_star Unpretentious decor with solid tasty and well priced food.
1_star Horrible. I came here just by looking at reviews and OMG!!! This is horrible. Food is stale in the buffet and the service is horrible.
5_star went for dinner tonight. Amazing my husband had lobster bisque and the T bone both were delish.I had the French onion soup and the pan seared duck. Cooked to perfection and I'm still raving about the flavor. If you are ever in Vegas this is a must try.
2_star We decided to give this place a try after reading good reviews about it from different websites. I hate to admit that everything here were overrated. I was only here once and my review may not be the most accurate out there. I would love to give this place a second chance, but given the price and my first experience, maybe not in few years. For appetizer, I had the escargot. It was okay but not very special. I've had better for cheaper price. I also had the caesar salad, and it was also just okay (but then, I don't have high expectations from the salad). Finally, for main entree, I ordered a T-bone steak and shared it with my husband. The steak, which was supposed to be the highlight of the night, was dissapointing. I asked for a medium well one, and it was burned and dry. I have been eating medium-well steak all my life, and it's not an impossible requests especially in good steak restaurants. I am not sure if they were busy that night or they grilled it for too long, but for a $30-40ish dollar steak, it was wayyy overrated. I felt bitter for the rest of the night, mostly because I consumed too much carbon and because I had to pay a lot of money for that.
5_star This is a great family restaurant and the prices are great as is the food. It's old fashioned but great value. I'm a regular here.
2_star Don't order a shake. it's more like a wendy's ice cream than a shake. A straw will not work.
2_star Their burgers and chicken sandwiches were good but nothing great. Their smash fries weren't very good. Very salty and very thin and short making eating them difficult. But my biggest problem is the rude staff! Cashiers who ignore you when you're asking them a question. And not just ignore you but have a conversation with the cashier next to them while you're mid-question. Also, the girls telling you they're coming right back to wipe down your dirty table and never coming back. It wasn't even busy lunch rush hour yet every table was dirty. We won't be going back.
5_star This is my first time here and loved it. Want to come again. Place is nice and clean, with beautiful ambiance. Menu is simple and straightforward! I had ordered green curry and every dish there will come with spring roll, salad, soup and rice. Our server was nice and courteous and took care of all our needs. It was really good quantity for the price we paid. I would definitely recommend to my friends.
5_star This place is by my boyfriend's work, and he loves coming here for lunch. He gets the chicken rice bowl or burrito and likes both equally. Recently we went here to get dinner and I got the chicken sandwich. The sandwich was juicy and delicious. It's on par with habit burger chicken sandwiches, which are my favorite. Definitely worth trying or anything else on the menu as my boyfriend swears by everything he's tried.
5_star Came here last month for a schnitzel which by the way, was phenomenal, and saw the Bratwurst option on their old menu. Although not a menu item, the owner ordered in a dish worth for my next visit (today). I wish now that I were a more eloquent person for the words that would be needed to describe such a succulent dish are beyond my capabilities. The flavor in every element of the meal, from the potato salad to the sauerkraut to the sausages themselves are incredibly unique yet complementary in such a way as to make you wonder how you got by with other variants before. I would definitely come here again. If you get the opportunity, schedule the bratwurst a week in advance, it's worth the wait. The only shame is that normal sausages are going to seem so bland and pointless now.
2_star I was excited to try this restaurant, its walking distance from my home and I wanted so bad to like it. I decided to try a sub, I ordered the spicy beef sate sub. The service was really slow. It was around noon and there was only one table occupied and myself and another woman waiting for takeout. it took about 20 min to get my sub. That was ok, if it was going to be worth the wait. I got my sub and took it home. The bun was decent, the meat was kind of questionable, like it had been sitting out too long or left over from a while ago. On the menu it said it came with cheese, but there was no cheese to be seen or tasted. Also, this was supposed to be spicy but was quite bland. I was quite disappointed. It lacked flavor and was nowhere as good as I have had from other places. I also noticed for the vermicelli bowls, you have to pay $2 to have spring rolls added. This takes the price of the bowl over $11. Remember when Vietnamese food used to be cheap? I will stick to my usual place a little further away, its worth the drive.
1_star * GROUPON BUYERS PLEASE BE AWARE* Recently I purchased a deal from Groupon. The deal is good for 6 take out box lunches at this place. However, I was not able to use the Groupon during my visit. The cashier told me that I can only redeem all at once, meaning that I have to get six sandwiches during one visit. I explained that this restriction was not specified on the Groupon deal page, and I asked if they could offer me a voucher for 6 visits instead. Unfortunately, they declined it and told me to either use it or lose it. So apparently my first experience with them was quite upset. Before I purchased the deal, I tried calling them three times to specify the restrictions, however, no one answered the phone during their business hours that day (Saturday 3pm). So I just went ahead and purchased the Groupon. I agree that it's possible that a misunderstanding could occur during a business. Nevertheless, when both parties realize that it's a misunderstanding due to some unclear clause provisions during the initial communication; at that point, if the seller decides not to honor it or issue a proper refund, then it becomes a scam. Unfortunately, this happened to me today. So I wanted to bring awareness to other potential buyers to this dishonest behavior. NL
4_star This is my go to place in Mississauga for Greek food, the tzatziki here is to die for! My bf always gets the pork souvlaki and the saganaki is always a must for us.
4_star The food and service was amazing! You will be hard to fine a better whiskey special downtown. Will definitely be coming back here.
3_star Ok, so I think that this place would have received 4-5 stars upon my first visit just the other night, but the service sucked! So, we sat down in the bar area at one of the high top tables around 6:30 pm and there seemed to be only one guy working that whole area. He was not only serving but he was bartending as well. I have been to great restaurants all over the world and could not understand why they had just one guy working a very busy area. There were people all around the bar ordering food and drinks and those of us who were at the high top tables as well. The other staff continued to walk by and head to their respective areas of service. We waited for a while for him to come back after giving us the drink menus. We did not eat until about 7:45 pm, which is unacceptable!!! I have a busy life and was not expecting to have to wait all night for a meal after a long day of work!!!!! My guy friend that I was with who loves this place, reassured me that it is not always like this, but I am still annoyed. THe food on the other hand was awesome and my bourbon infused drink left me feeling pretty nice, since, I obviously had an empty stomach! Not sure if I would go back...
5_star Love this place. One of the few things I miss about living in Vegas! Seafood spaghetti is to die for!!
5_star A couple weeks ago I was starving and decided to stop in and grab a bite mid afternoon. I ordered this amazing chicken sandwich that had zucchini, grilled onions, cheese an some other delicious veggies. It was literally the best sandwich I ever had. The only problem was that it had so many wonderful veggies on it that it kept falling out of the bread which I was fine with! I also had the sweet potato fries which were perfect and the bar tender made me the perfect Moscow mule. They have s ton of shakes as well and was gonna come back for one but I was just so full. My eyes were larger than my stomach. Totally am going back. Quaint atmosphere. Great food. Great service
5_star We dined here after receiving a coupon mailer. Having eaten pizza from the time I was a kid back east, good pizza, then suffering once in a while from that cardboard crap from the major take out joints which advertise on TV, I was pleasantly surprised and then thrilled with our experience here. The store is located in a neat strip mall on Fort Apache near Russell Road. The inside was spotless and it was clear that someone takes a great deal of pride in the appearance. Our server came promptly, answered questions, and took our order. She brought some rolls and marinara sauce as we waited, which was great. Our pizza arrived and it not only looked great but tasted great as well, hot and delicious. We took two slices home and even after resting for a day, the taste and texture of the crust and toppings was superb. We opted for the New York Combo and it's one of the best pizzas I've ever eaten and we will certainly return. Thanks very much for proving that a traditional pizza restaurant can still exist and more than successfully compete with the best.
1_star This is my first ever review on yelp and it was sadly propelled by the poor quality of food at this restaurant. My mom & I stopped in for a quick meal on the patio and both ordered chicken greek salads. Her chicken was undercooked and both of our salads consisted of brown lettuce, rotten cucumbers and lack of tzatziki sauce. This is the first time I've experienced having to pay extra for tzatziki on my salad AT A GREEK RESTAURANT. Our waiter thankfully replaced her salad & gave her a chicken skewer (not the same as a full chicken breast, which originally came with the order, but nonetheless better than nothing.) no apology was offered. We will never be returning.
5_star This place is awesome! A friend recommended it years ago and I'm so glad she did. The chicken salad sandwich is heavenly, a must try. Everything is fresh and delicious. This place is family owned and operated. They are super friendly people who remember you and make you feel welcome. Oh and did I mention to try the chicken salad? There's nothing like it anywhere, I love it and I'm sure you will too. Do make sure to bring cash as they dont accept anything else.
5_star We love staying at Mandalay Bay and a quiet evening spent dining at Fleur de Lys always makes our Vegas trip complete. This is the second time I have eaten at Fleur de Lys, and it only gets better. (Of course I haven't had to pay the bill which was close to $400 plus tip) The atmosphere is wonderful and is the perfect escape from the neon lights of Vegas. Dining at Fleur de Lys makes me feel like a queen. I love the outstanding service and the surroundings are elegant and relaxing. During our most recent experience the sommelier offered several suggestions to accompany our tasting menu and each was perfectly paired with the entrees. I enjoyed a fruity Pinot Noir and had a few sips of a red, but stopped there since I'm not much of a drinker. The food seemed to just keep coming and the only entree I passed on was the foie gras since I will not touch it for ethical reasons, but my dining companion said it was the best ever. We started with a mixed green salad with polenta and the Truffle Onion Soup, both excellent. I was almost full by the time I sampled the bread basket which was amazing in itself. I could have eaten the pretzel bread and focaccia along with the salad and soup and been very satisfied. The other courses included a sampling of lobster and scallops, braised beef short ribs and pan seared duck breast. My companion also ordered a sampling of Ahi Tuna Tartare. Every course had unique flavors that worked together like an orchestra performing in my mouth. Side dishes included white asparagus and fingerling fries. Although I was full I couldn't pass up tasting each dish, and my companion lucked out since they scored half my dinner. Ah, but there was a method to my madness since I was saving room for dessert. We enjoyed a cheese sampling and fruit along with the chocolate soufflé and some brittle. I can't wait to go back this spring, hopefully with my 21 year old in tow. Fleur de Lys is definitely on my short list of favorite restaurants.
2_star Everyone loves a dive/hidden gem/hidden spot, Lotus checks these boxes. Vibe is "hey i'm insider" and found a cool place, unfortunately most of the secrets are gone because of social media. The Riesling centric wine list is unique and has some nice stuff. Most of the better Thai restaurants in the US are BYOB so this is something out of the ordinary. Some of the Northern Thai dishes are interesting and you don't see in a lot of places. If you live in Los Angeles/ Chicago/ SFO with a wide diversity of authentic Thai restaurants that you frequent, you may be disappointed with Lotus. Its just ok. I was expecting a Pok Pok like experience, it is better than Pad Thai emporiums but not better then 20 places in Los Angeles.
3_star We were so excited to try out this place given all the positive reviews and hype. But we were very disappointed. The prices are a lot higher than you're led to believe. And the food left a huge lump in my belly. Wasn't feeling too good the rest of the night. I think it was those fried cheese curds. They were a party in my mouth going down but I paid for it later. Didn't even get to try the ice cream because the bill for a family of 5 was already $50.
3_star The 0lace is located I the palazzo hotel. Dim lighting and very romance atomsphere. The service is good. The steaks are not that good. Very dry and rough. I was shocked. The prices are I sane and for no reason.
5_star It was my first time eating here, after driving by it so many times. The food was great and AMAZING service from Charity!!! Well definitely be back....she was awesome!!!
2_star My husband and I were across the street at Best Buy, we were planning to stop by Cappriottis for sandwiches for work the next day. Unfortunately, our errand at Best Buy took a little longer than expected. We left the store and I called Cappriottis at 8:56 pm to hopefully put in an order for 2 sandwiches just so they can get started since they close at 9 pm. Morgan "manager" answered the phone and I politely asked if I was able to put in a telephone order because we are literally a minute away and already driving. Morgan apologized and stated the latest order has to be put in by 8:30 pm which I understand. So I wanted to confirm if we are to get there within a minute that they would still be able to make our sandwiches. Morgan annoyingly stated "if you guys get here before 9". We got to the store at 8:57 pm. There were 3 employees, Morgan "manager" and 2 younger male employees. Immediately, both my husband and I can see the annoyance on all of their faces that we had come in so close to the closing time. However, the taller male employee proceeded to remain professional and took our orders. And the other male employee started on the sandwiches. Meanwhile, Morgan stood at the register impatiently waiting for us to finish our order so she can ring us up. We got to the register and the tone of the "manager" Morgan's voice was filled with annoyance and she rushed my husband through the order. I have never heard anyone spoke so fast before. Then she hurriedly asked if we have ordered mushrooms in our sandwiches. My husband couldn't hear her (how could he have, she was speaking so fast) and thought she asked if we wanted mushrooms and so my husband stated "yes I guess we can get mushrooms". Almost immediately, she raised her voice and rudely said "either you got the mushrooms or you didnt so did you or did you not get the mushrooms?" If this is the "manager" what kind of example/training/standards are you setting up for the rest of the employees? Is this behavior acceptable? Absolutely not! Yet, the other two employees were very professional, even ensuring to ask us if certain cheese or how the wrapping of the sandwiches should be done. Oh I forgot to mention, while we were waiting, Morgan was putting the stools down from the counter so loudly and rudely as if to show us she was ANGRY that we the customers have come into the store while it is technically still open. I LOVE Cappriottis but if this is how I am going to be treated then I would rather take my business elsewhere. Please train your "manager" Morgan to take pointers from the other two male employees. Despite the rudeness and unprofessional manners from Morgan, we were so impressed with the other two employees, we made sure to tip $20 just to let them know we appreciated them for accommodating us coming so close to closing time. The two stars are obviously for those two. Needless to say, we will not be coming back to this location. The other location on eastern and 215 is way more professional and efficient so if you are close and have to choose, I recommend coming to the 215 and Eastern location you won't be disappointed!
3_star I visited bar burrito yesterday and I was surprised as to how similar it was to Mucho burrito. The restaurant itself was very clean and the staff was friendly. I ordered a chicken quesadilla, it was good. I just wish they offered more than a mild salsa- where's the Mexican heat?! They had a lot of jarrito flavours compared to most mucho burritos so that was cool. I would go back if I was in the area.
3_star I like the Weary and it's a good standby place to meet friends. The atmosphere is cozy, it's nice enough to go for a casual date or to meet your friends from the other side of town that don't always head to the near east side. Yet, it is not too fancy so you feel ok going there in jeans and a t shirt. Pretty good beer list and there are a few great things on the menu. But it seems that the menu never, ever changes. And the specials are always the same two things. I understand sticking with menu items that are popular but I think it is time that the Weary do a little updating.
5_star Best pizza in town! I live at 19th Ave and cactus so it's a drive for me to go but it's worth it. I've been coming here since I was in high school and I miss the old man who used to run it but his son took over. I've never had a problem here and have carried out and eaten in its a great place!
1_star Horrible customer service! The staff works very slow and the hostess had an awful attitude; the manager's attitude was no better. Can't give a review on the food because I was so disgusted by the way we were treated that we left before we could order. Will definitely not be returning.
3_star I'm quite particular when it comes to Mexican food. Having grown up in Phoenix, I've been exposed to a lot of Mexican food both good and bad. This is my first time visiting and I do plan to go back. The server seemed almost scared of me, which was weird. She was very nice and polite but seems a little timid. I'm sure she'll get over that. Chips and salsa were better than average. I had carnitas tacos and pollo tacos. Chicken was fresh and juicy as we're the carnitas. The server never checked back after I got my food which is a big pet peeve of mine. They are only two months old and I'm sure will continue to work through their growing pains. I'll come back and give them another chance in a month or two to see how they progressed.
1_star BAD FOOD AND VERY BAD SERVICE. CUSTOMER SERVICE NEEDS OVERHAULED. Do NOT go here. Poor food quality. Rude service. Not dog friendly, even if you had a tiny dog. No shades. Too bad they did not consult a landscape designer to transform the nursery to a comfortable place to hang.
3_star Fun for the family and they actually make pretty good burgers that you can customize to your taste. They also make great milkshakes. Lots of other stuff on the menu.
4_star Ordered takeout, scallion pancakes, oxtail noodle soup, and stir-fried beef with noodles and XO sauce. Fresh, authentic and delicious. Highly recommend.
5_star I've been coming here for over a year now. I love the atmosphere but what shines the most is the amazing hookahs and absolutely great customer service! Everyone is on point and I've been treated like family. I definitely recommend this place to become your second home as it is now and has been mine! Thanks Luna!
3_star I probably like this restaurant a bit better than Spuntinis - only because their pasta, I find, is better. However, this is probably not the greatest way to pass judgement since I've eaten at Spuntinis multiple times while I've only been to Sotto Sotto once. I went with a girlfriend of mine. Real simple review: 1. The bread was good 2. The pasta was really good 3. The service was meh - our waitress was a bit snooty for my liking. 4. The ambiance was good/romantic/dark-lit 5. I felt congested in there. Short ceilings. 6. Lots of noise, so if you're looking for a super romantic quiet dinner don't go here. But it's okay for a fun date night or girl's night. I wouldn't mind going back. But I wouldn't mind if I never returned.
2_star My wife and I went there Saturday night. There were a couple large parties there. It took us about 45 minutes to get seated and we were told 25-30. Once we were finally seated it was another 10 before our server came to our table who then had the courage to ask if we sat ourselves since she was confused about our presence. We were in a hurry to get somewhere and told her and she did well getting everything else to us quickly but had a very poor first impression. The food is very expensive for the quality and taste. Most entrees don't include pasta, you have to order that separate. The fettuccini Alfredo was bland and plain. It wasn't terrible but for $55 we could have gotten the same thing at the Olive Garden for $25 and it tastes much better at the OG. We'll not be coming back anytime soon.
5_star I've dined at Trattoria several times since their opening and have had nothing but pleasant experiences. There are some menu items they do well and some they don't. I can live with that. Don't come here if you're expecting a terroni-esque pizza. Do come here for a nice panino for lunch or for their great apps (the fried cauliflower is better than my nonna's). Their pasta is also simple and well done. Yes, I was a little--weirded out--by the fact that they didn't have bread. It's usually standard at italian places. Maybe they'll work that out, maybe it's a labor/cost thing. Big deal. And this is probably one of the best patios in the area. As a Ryerson student, its close and has a better vibe than the Milestone's or Jack Astor's patios (the food is also better). Keep it up guys! Hire more hipster chicks for servers too.
2_star Food is great. Meat is a good quality. And the side dishes varied. And the grill that you cook the food on is really good and nonstick. Overall I really like what they serve... ... That's if they serve you. The ladies that work here, while there are some that are great, they're always not present. The food is great, the restaurant atmosphere is your standard fare for Korean BBQ. Service is something to be desired.
2_star First of all I have to say that I love Kabuki - the Town Square location anyway. Kabuki always has had a great atmosphere and design in their restaurants and the food is definetly good. I usually try to make a trip out to eat at Kabuki at least once a month. The kids were visiting for summer vacation and we just came from watching a movie at the Suncoast when I suggested we try out the location at Tivoli Village since we always enjoy our experience at Town Square. That was a mistake! We came during the week in the afternoon and the surrounding area was like a ghost town, like I was waiting for a horde of zombies to come running around the corner at any moment. Anyway, we got to the restaurant and it was just as nice as the other location. Besides the decor and the food thats where the comparisons ended. Although a lot less busy, there was no one to greet us at the front. We waited for a good 5-10 mins before someone in the back finally noticed and came to greet us, even though there was a bartender and servers that saw us and never mentioned to anyone that we were standing there. We were sat right away. I proceed to order my usual delicious appetizer, the Firecraker, and I decided to go with something else besides my usual Samurai combo, so I went with some ramen, which was good nothing I would order again. The main entrees came out in a resonable amount of time and everything was prepared great as it always is, however they never brought out the appetizer. I asked the guy who brought out our food about it and he said it was coming right up. It finally showed up when we were halfway done with our entrees and when our server finally came around to check on us I mentioned it to her and she apologized but after that she never returned to check on us. The least they could have done would have been to give the kids a free refill of their "special" soda for the minor inconvenience, but that would have been a long shot since no one ever even refilled our regular drinks. Overall not a good experience, customer service and attentiveness was just not there. Not sure what was going on that day but I felt like there should have been the owner hidden away in another room watching their staff on hidden cameras like that show on tv so they could see what kind of bad service their employees were providing that day. I will never visit this location again. In fact we went to the Town Square location a few days later and received the same excellent food and service I have come to expect from Kabuki!
4_star Friendly staff whom consistently topped up the drinks. Tasty dim sum. Delicious desserts. Comfortable seating. One cross - Steak and gravy not great because it was chewy and smelt overwhelming. Used the bonus food voucher on Smarter Vegas website upon hotel booking. Visited June 2013.
3_star The food is about what your expect from a typical diner/restaurant. The pies are good but not the best. Service has been good but slow. The servers always seem to have too large of sections to take care of efficiently. The front end staff seems to vanish when needed. A server finally seated us when there wasn't a host in sight. Then when it was time to pay there wasn't anyone at the cash register. Because we are honest people we waited around for her to show up so we could pay. Has a nice quiet atmosphere which is good.
3_star I love sushi. i'm iranian but look sushi. if you want go to a good japonian resturant, i say that you go there. tanx . this resturant is near to my place. and sometimes i go there with my friends.
2_star This was our first time dining here and neither of us were impressed. My skillet was very bland and the turkey sausage had lots of cartilage in it. Gross. We won't be eating here again. Wish it was better since they're a local business and I like to support locally owned business but just can't do it.
5_star This place is the best! I used to eat lunch at this location all the time because it was near work. Not only is the food fantastic but the service is too! The manager Jeremy is so friendly and helpful. I stop here whenever I can for a delicious and healthy bite to eat. Favorites here are the Chicken Tortilla soup, the Salsa Verde Shrimp tacos and the Grilled Gourmet Chicken tacos.
3_star Boring, no drink selection only water and coke winter time they had better deals, now I don't think its worth to pay 10 bucks plus tax for a small cup of yogurt and the taste is so AVERAGE, they have got only 4-5 flavors to chose from, that watermelon taste sucks...
5_star Always have a great time when we go to mellow! Bartenders are awesome, know what we like and have it ready!
5_star OK OK this is the BEST buffet in Vegas period. there is a lot of variety. the desserts are very good. The lamb shoulder cooked to perfection. but what does it is FREE all you can drink beer and wine. I'm talkin about the regular buffet on Wednesday under $55 for two. without a players club. we got to the line around 7 and were seated about 7:15. it wasn't to busy. at the dessert bar you can order fresh coffee or a latte with Kahlua. If somebody hadn't told us we wouldn't have known. everything was really good. The place is very clean. Don't bother looking for the bathroom its not in the Buffet its outside to the right.
1_star The food was good but the owner was a rude women. When we tired to talk to her about an issue she basically blew us off and walked away.
2_star "Perfect"--oh, the irony. I will be fair; the food is decent, but the service (or sometimes lack thereof) is horrible. The waiters and waitresses are rude. Service is slow and being ignored is not uncommon. I'm a picky eater, so sometimes, it might take a long time for me to come across a dish I really like during yumcha. It is possible that I might never come across anything I like to eat because what they decide to make that day is what you get to eat. I guess this is not the type of place you want to go to if you're in a hurry and you're a picky eater. I just wished they let us choose the dimsum from a menu. Dinner is decent, but I really don't recommend this place for yumcha.
4_star I ordered from here 3 or 4 times. My family likes NY style pizza and this place is right in our neighborhood. I like that the pizza has fresh basil and good flavored cheese. However, my kids are not a fan. They dont like the sauce, too pastey. The also dont care for the basil. The crust needs some work as it has had too many air bubbles and over cooked....way too crunchy. Impossible to eat left overs as the crust hardens like a brick.
5_star This is my favorite place to eat Mexican food, it is very authentic, the atmosphere of the establishment is great. It is my family's favorite place to eat in the valley, not only is the food great but the waiter, Jose. He enlightens our visit and we actually thought he was the owner, but he makes every visit a great encounter. All of his recommendations of what to eat and drink are never a disappointment. We've also left before because he wasn't working that day. Overall it's a great restaurant with great food and hospitality.
3_star My husband and I went here on a Saturday date night; what a beautiful location! We had made reservations the day before and arrived by uber at the location. I was a bit confused where the entrance to the restaurant was as there was a wedding going on and I didn't want to wander right through someone's cocktail hour set-up! Thankfully a valet driver saw our confusion and told us to head straight back through the courtyard to the entrance. When we checked in we were fortunate enough to have the option of indoor or outdoor seating so we sat outside to enjoy the beautiful venue and location. There was a wedding going on, but they didn't seem to mind the few gawkers and onlookers in the restaurant area and it was easily separated so our dining experience was separate from the wedding party. Our server explained the traditional Italian dining style with spuntini, antipasti and primi meant to be shared and enjoyed by everyone. We placed our drink order and enjoyed the view while perusing the menu some more. We weren't tickled by any of the spuntini and opted for the wood grilled octopus antipasti and neri with sea scallops primi. The bread basket brought to the table was very nice, and I enjoyed all of them- serving it with EVOO is nice, but just a small plate of EVOO on the table lacked a creative presentation or spice. Many upscale places I've been to will "doctor it up" just a bit- adding some Italian herbs or parmesan cheese if that's your thing. The octopus came out first and it was very good, I highly recommend this and it was just enough for two people. However, the squid ink neri with scallops was a 50/50 split at the table. My husband loved it, thought it tasted wonderful and was delicious. I on the other hand, thought the scallops were a tad on the fishy side, as well as the ink pasta. I've had other squid ink pastas before that were not as salty or fishy tasting. The pasta was on the cooler side, maybe it had been out for too long before serving, but I simply let my husband eat the rest of mine. The timing of dinner was off. We waited quite a long time between the last of the primi and the start of secondi. Our server tried to play it off that she was, "letting us enjoy our bottle of wine and the view" but by the time the main course arrived- we had to order another bottle to ensure we had some wine with our dinner knowing that we would take the remainder home (thanks to AZ's recorking laws!) I know this sounds petty, but I found it odd that our red wine wasn't served in a red wine glass and rather the standard glasses at the table. But I digress...the timing could use some work. If by chance, any of the dishes takes longer to prepare- let me know that in advance and I will order in advance as well. There was sufficient enough downtime to make it awkward as many diners who arrived after us had already ate and left. I had the osso bucco as my main course and my husband enjoyed the snapper. Both were very tasty and I had to take some home to enjoy the next day as it was a very large piece of meat. The dessert menu was not as traditionally Italian as I had hoped and they were out of most of the limoncello we wanted in our flight of three. The ambience is wonderful and some of the food was a hit, some was a miss. I might give it another try and order some different dishes and a better overall experience, but for the price, it's going to be awhile.
2_star I'm a fan of Red Robin's food. I like their sandwiches and bottomless fries. However, this location needs work in costumer service and management. I've been to this location twice. The first time, I went with someone during the late afternoon/early evening on a weekday. It was not very busy, but it took awhile for someone to take our orders. And then we waited about 15 minutes for our margaritas. We got our food and wanted to order more fries since there were probably only 8 fries on our plates, but our server was nowhere to be found. We later realized that he was both the bartender and the server. Not very practical or efficient. When he finally came to our table and we ordered more, he disappeared for a long while again to make drinks for the people at the bar. There were other servers, so I'm unsure why he was bartending AND waiting tables. Anyway, when he did bring out more fries, there were only 6 fries. Yeah, some "bottomless"... We ordered more, and after another round of waiting and waiting, another 6 fries came out. Other Red Robins have not been so stingy with their fries, especially if the server is going to disappear for long periods of time and not check on you. We went again on a Saturday night, so we expected it to be busy. But to wait 45 minutes for two sandwiches is ridiculous. Also, we didn't have any silverware for my friend to eat his starter salad, and we rarely saw our server, so we had to wait about 10 minutes after the salad arrived to ask her for a fork. And when we later ordered more fries, our server was extremely rude, almost as if we were inconveniencing her. When I asked her for more, she just sighed and walked away. After a few minutes, she came back and said, "I put the order in but it's going to take five minutes to cook. Are you SURE you still want them?" It's strange that she didn't have time to check on us for refills on drinks, silverware, or ask how our food was, but she sure made time to stop at our table and suggest that we should cancel our second basket of fries because it needs to be cooked! I've been to other Red Robin locations and they have been great. But I won't be back to this one.
2_star Been coming here for years. Food is always good. Thats where the good ends. Often out of items. HORRIBLE service. Food always takes forever, regardless of how many people in the restaurant. Can't even avoid these in house issues with ordering pick-up because it still takes forever, and they almost always get your order wrong.
5_star Excellent sushi restaurant. I'm a sushi lover and this is my favorite restaurant by far! I always come and order the Vegas Roll, Caterpillar Roll, spicy tuna roll. Pretty much anything you order on the menu is amazing! They have the best Egg rolls and Tempura vegetables. The service is phenomenal as well!
4_star The "Complimentary Valet" came with the complimentary attitude as well. The entire experience of the restaurant starts the second you get out your vehicle. We were greeted with, "You can just park your car right there" - taking away for the service that we are supposedly getting "Complimentary". Fast forward to the food - the choices & portions attached with their magical seasonings are amazing! The service took a bit longer than expected and two tables were served and received their food before we did & we had a reservation. W elect the waiter a minimal tip mainly because we felt as though our orders & the items we needed prior to receiving our food were not met within a timely fashion. Secondly, we asked a guy who was just walking the floor to see if he had an idea of how long our food would take. He said he had no idea; not offering to even check. My friend then responded, "Do you think you can go & find out then....?" He then came back & stated that it was on its way. The "on its way" comment was followed by an additional 15 minute lag time. After dinner, we were met in the parking lot with a different Valet Attendant & I proceeded to hand him our ticket for my vehicle. I told him, "I can actually go & grab it myself because it's right there", (pointing about 10 feet to the right). He stated, "That's not your car" & before he could even hand me the keys, the car horn sounded notifying that it was my vehicle & all I exited the conversation with was a "Thanks". I left him a tip mainly because he was light skinned and cute. Overall, I'd go back there. I could just do without the Valet & possibly a more socially conscious waiter.
5_star After wanting to check out this place for a while, a friend and I decided to check it out during PGH Restaurant week - we were not disappointed. After being seated, we checked out the menu - my friend ordered the restaurant week special (brussels sprout appetizer, trout, desert) and I opted for the duck testicles and cassoulet (pork belly, chicken hearts, oxtail). The brussels sprouts and duck testicles arrived - the duck was good - nice flavor and something I would consider ordering again even though it is a little out there - but the brussels sprouts were from another planet. I don't know exactly what they did, but it almost seemed like they had a general tso's flavor to them - I would recommend them to anyone. Mains arrived right after we were finished with appetizers - perfectly timed - the cassoulet was great - balanced flavors and the pork belly in it just fell apart. The trout was light, flavorful - I would consider ordering both again. We tried the flour-less chocolate cake with the beet ice-cream for desert - the chocolate was rich, but not overly sweet and the beet ice-cream was good. The service was great the entire time - attentive but not too much. Overall, great experience and this place will be added to my list of places in the city that I would happily return to...
4_star good food, just got it to go so cant comment on the service. staff was helpful over the phone though. came rec'd to me by a greek!
1_star Had some military buddies coming into town. So me being the local wanted to find a place for us to watch the game and have a few drinks. I had put my bet in the sports book at the mgm so I thought I'd try this place. It wasn't too busy. So I walked up to the bar, but it seemed the heavy set white bartender was more interested helping the other white customers and completely ignored me. Maybe I didn't look rich enough. I ended up taking my buddies, one of who was being deployed that following week, and showed them a better time elsewhere. I will not be coming back here or gambling at the mgm casino altogether because of this experience. We don't make much money in the military, but we don't deserve to be treated like this. Definitely not friendly at the bar.
1_star They think they do you a favor serving you. I waited already for 25 min and only got my damn sandwich.
3_star Very understaffed. Saturday night dinner rush, but took 7 minutes to even be greeted. Seated next to the door with a very cold breeze. Poor service and servers look over committed. 40 minutes to get appetizer, then bill and dessert dropped off during main course, and we felt somewhat rushed. Food was decent though mediocre. Cute architecture but doesn't seem worth the trouble.
2_star Food was fabulous server was awesome !!The manager was ridiculous. I asked to pay for an extra laffa bread and was refused. I had all this leftover hummus and she refused to let me have the bread I wanted. She would only give me pita for free. What is the difference??? Craziness. Just go to Bali Laffa or Dr laffa they are in the same neighbourhood.
5_star Its pretty good for a non-Japanese owned Japanese restaurant(note i am Japanese). I will come again. I advised them to start offering ramen and curry for lunch. We will see...
4_star Friendly servers. Melt-in-your-mouth Tender cuts of beef to grill at your table. Prime Kalbi was so yummy. We ordered a combo that included a little of everything and added an order of prime Kalbi. Plenty of delicious food for 3 adults with moderate appetites. The portions aren't huge because of the amazing quality of meat they serve so if you have a lumber jack appetite, plan on spending a little more. Used a Groupon for the whole meal that would have cost around $50-$60 (not including drinks) 5 Stars for food 4 Stars for price (without the help of a Groupon of course) And FYI to wheelchair-bound patrons, the seating is all booths. Unless you can transfer to the booth, don't plan on getting under the table. The design of the table doesnt allow a chair to pull in at the end. Plan on bringing a laptray to eat off of. A little inconvenient but so worth it.
5_star Food is great I've been vegan and gluten free for a while and heard about the selection of food they had very hard working people if something isn't go your liking you will not leave u satisfied today I ordered a chicken philly cheese steak on gluten free bread I liked it so much for lunch I got it for dinner as well I was craving a chicken steak sandwich and this place is beyond phenomenal if you haven't done so check them out!!
3_star Food is good, but expensive. I ordered food, without several things, and paid full price still. I had kids and they didn't have whip cream. None of these automatically qualifies for a discount, but a plate of eggs without hash browns or toast, and 2 orders of pancakes without frills, isn't worth almost $50. Service was excellent.
2_star I went here to see the flamenco dance. And that was such a joke. 1 guy was playing the guitar. And 1 lady danced for 2 songs. That's it! There was intermission between the 2 songs for her to change her outfit btw. Paella was mediocre. The tapas were definitely better. The service was OK. Oh and they also required a minimum of $33/person to watch the 2 songs of flamenco dance. FYI.
1_star Small unassuming place, you don't come here for the sit-down atmosphere and that's fine. Based on other Yelp! reviews I was hoping for a hole-in-the-wall novelty gem... Perhaps I just don't do enough drugs to kill my palette, or maybe I should've been drunk. Niche market? The prices for a slice aren't bad, ranging from $3 to $5 - unless you want to get it to go, then it's an extra $1.25 for a takeaway paper bag. Very unimpressed. Pretty standard options, at least they're generously portioned (one slice is really more like two). Got the Spring mix: thin crust, which is nice... crazy-high in sodium. I mean, you don't eat pizza to be healthy, but this was a LOT of salt. Also tried the Coconut Rose Shrimp ($11). In a word: grease. Just oily and unimpressive. I wasn't poisoned - which is great! - but it seemed like the failed first time execution of what might've been a good idea in competent hands. At least the staff was friendly. Okay, one was, the other two were kinda impartial. That's not a strike against them, since again, though there is stools it's not really a sit-down place. Bottom line: if you don't care what you're putting in your mouth-hole beyond, "is it edible?" then this is a acceptable joint to satisfy your need to physically consume *something*. If that doesn't describe you though, you'd be better moving on. C'est la vie, live and learn.
2_star Great selection of beer, but overpriced, poor food selection, and unhelpful staff will keep us from going back. The bar staff was either not knowledgeable or just pushing the highest markup because I asked for the best IPA and he went straight for Sierra Nevada, which is probably the WORST IPA in the house. When asked about the menu, he steered us to the prime rib nachos which was just a bunch of potato chips topped with Velveeta cheese, red peppers and a small amount of meat. The Nachos were way overpriced at $12 and pints were $7. Our tab for two totaled $70 and we felt completely ripped off. In addition, when you sit at the bar, the TVs are too high and you have to tilt your head back in an uncomfortable position to watch. It's too bad because we love IPA and they had a great selection, but there were too many issues for us to make this our new watering hole.
5_star We came here because of the great Yelp reviews and were not disappointed! It's a little hole in the wall and doesn't look promising from the outside, but don't get deterred by looks. I had the Tom Kha soup and Pad See Ew and both were delicious. I definitely recommend coming here. Great service, super friendly owners, super tasty food.
3_star So delicious if it weren't for the salt! Holy crap you can make it tasty without over killing it with salt! Disappointed because at first it is so good then the salt started cutting the inside of my mouth :(.
3_star We ate dinner at Chin Chin on Friday night. I wanted a variety of items and some kind of beef, but not a Prime steak. We landed at Chin Chin for some good old Americanized Chinese food. Since our last meal was breakfast we ordered up some chicken pot stickers, pork bao, half of a Hunan chicken, and Mongolian beef...and some steamed rice (more on that later). It was all good. The Mongolian beef was actually very good. I am usually a little scared of the beef that ends up in Chinese food dishes, but this was very tasty. The Hunan chicken was a little tart for me, but it was nice and tender. My wife loved it. If you are a char siu bao fan (yeah that is spelled a hundred different ways), don't order them here. The filling was off and the dough of the bun was heavy and yellow. My guess is that they were made a while before we ordered them and steamed up to serve. By a while I mean at the day before...or earlier... The portions are pretty good, so if you eat family style don't over order. One dish per person is plenty. The prices were about $15 per entree, which isn't bad for a hotel on the strip. Important note, rice does not come with your meal. You have to order it by the bowl for $1.50 each or get fried rice. That's kind of lame. You really need to charge that extra $1.50 for a bowl of steamed rice? Our server was a polite girl from some former Soviet block country. Theek accent, but attentive to the table.
1_star This place started off good but the portions have gotten smaller and smaller. That would explain why I have never seen more than 2 people in the place. For what they charge I would recommend jaburritos on rainbow... kinda sad because it could be amazing but the portions control is so strict a large bowl does not fill my 8 year old... one slice of avocado on my bowl tonight... seriously???? I will not be back.... Also... if you do not care about customer comments and you just want to say how great you are, then keep buying your 5 star yelps with free meals... to have you argue back how great your portions etc are is just proof of how oblivious you are... your response to me is ridiculous...
4_star The pizza reviews are spot on by others. Good, not the best you will ever have. In my opinion it was a great move by Wynn/Encore to include this place - the food didn't need to knock off your socks. Great to stop by and grab a quick slice/snack. (Perfect if you have kids in the Wynn). My food suggestion is to try the Chicken Parm Sandwich. Solid.
4_star I think this place gets the nod because there isn't a whole lot of Italian on that side of town with a family vibe. I compare this place to an Olive Garden without the American"ized" twist. Happy hour is decent and the sauces for everything are high quality. The shrimp parm is something that I haven't seen very often and it is phenomenal. I also really liked the eggplant ans shrimp appetizer. This is like a once a month place.
1_star They published an ad declaring that if a customer doesn't think it's the best pizza ever, it's free. Well, we tried it and the pizza was mediocre at best. I didn't bother getting my money back but I should have.
2_star Walked in, didn't get greeted had to look for a waitress. We sat outside about ten min no service, went inside to look for someone we sat inside asked about the flavors of hookah she told us the flavors and walked away to a guy that walked sat down talked to him for a couple mins and had to get her attention again to get service!!!!!!! Finally got our hookah noone came to check on us and see if we were doing okay in that hour. Wanted to pay and once again had to look for the waitress to get our check. We got the check, and she didn't come get our check (paying by credit card had to wait) for about 25?) min, waitress passed by ask her to take it shes like ill be there to get it in a min 15 more min passed and nothing!!! Most likely won't be coming here again. I felt like we were playing tag or hide n seek with the waitress!!!!
3_star Service for us was pretty good. He got the chef salad with ranch and a small pepperoni pizza. I got a greek salad with ceasar dressing. They were good and large size. His comment about the pizza was "that he would rather get one at papa murphy's". I tried a piece and I agree. Not sure but the crust didn't look or taste like fresh made. My sister has a store in Idaho (White Horses) and she sells pizza. Frozen dough. This was like that one. Had no idea the dressings were fresh made didn't notice. Will we go back? Probably not.
3_star This place is always busy. Its clean and modern. Sushi is okay. It's close to home.
3_star P.F. Chang's is decent. Not great, not terrible, but decent. They have a large menu, so you have a lot of options to pick from. Like I said, everything tastes okay, but there's nothing special or noteworthy. The decor is very nice; a bit dark and intimate. On our most recent visit, our server was very good, but it took a ridiculous length of time to receive our food. Parking is in a large, free lot, though it can still often be difficult to find a space. Overall, you'll likely find more authentic and better tasting Chinese food at Hunan by the Falls or Ho Wah, two locally-owned Chinese restaurants.
1_star DO NOT PLACE ONLINE ORDERS HERE! Even after calling to complain about the unbelievable stinginess of my vegetarian burrito bowl, the manager even said not to order online because her staff is "antsy." I actually thought the box for my food was empty. Not coming back.
3_star This place is in a great location, has outdoor seating and the food is visually appealing. The prices are a bit on the high side, but still not outrageous. A good place to sit outside, and eat healthy, fresh, but sometimes bland-ish food.
5_star Love love LOVE Sambalatte! Vegas has been lacking cafes like this one! I go here multiple times a week and everything has been perfect. They have many different coffees brewed through various unique processes that make a French press look run of the mill. Cappuccinos and lattes are full bodied and strong, and they have designs in the foam. Great hot tea selection available in french press pots, and a delicious iced green yerba mate. They have sandwiches (good caprese one, heated and served with a side of balsamic) and lots of desserts- including minis (napoleon, eclair, tiramisu cups, etc). They also have gelato and sorbet, and my husband's all time fav- affogato (gelato with a shot of espresso poured over). The atmosphere here is charming and warm, and they are open till 10pm wed-sat. Service is excellent, they always walk upstairs to bring me my drink and are super friendly. There is free wifi and an entire long table downstairs with multiple plugs for laptops. Only negative is that I wish they stayed open later on weekends, especially for Vegas 10pm is early to close!
3_star Tough call on Sauce. When it opened in 2007/8 ish, they won awards for their burgers and for good reason. They are terriffic. Otherwise, Sauce is hot or cold. They have a couple of good dishes, the burgers, the Mac and Cheese, the pot pie, that you'll certainly enjoy. As of late though, their once stellar service has declined severely. I'd say they are on the verge of two stars but I'll give them the benefit of the doubt, they were short staffed both days. Good solid burger spot, but be prepared to sit and wait.
1_star The food was terrible!! Do yourself a favor by going somewhere else. There was literally nothing that my husband and I liked that we ordered! Collard greens and Mac n cheese were by far the worse I've ever had!! Smh! 1 word... disappointing!
2_star Service was ok. The food was bland. Their banana but French toast was not sweet. Their country fried steak, the gravy was runny and the steak had the wrong texture. The corned beef was good. The sign says wait to be seated, but the server told us to just pick any table. He wasn't busy, he only had 3 tables.
4_star We stopped here on the way home from the cottage and this was everything we had hoped: excellent food, generous portions, and fast and friendly service. Both the orange dynamite roll and Inaka Udon were outstanding and comparable to any Japanese restaurant in Toronto. We also got free appetizers with our meals.
1_star Tried to book a table using the "locals number" and was told there is only one number. Needless to say we were unable to get a dinner reservation on our 48th anniversary on Aug. 21 or anything close. Guess we will celebrate at one of the other great restaurants in Las Vegas.
2_star It was ok- trying to get service for drinks was the longest. Extremely warm in restaurant
1_star Where do I start? Let's start with service. This place's service, along side with Sun's BBQ restaurant has by far the worse service or customer service I've ever received. Now, some reviewers believe it is a racial thing. I can tell you it's not because I am Chinese. When I order I speak Chinese, so it's not a race thing. I hear that they don't get paid well there, that's probably why. Anyhow, I can tell you that one time where I ordered out of the menu, gave them the item number and they recited it back to me and when the food arrived it was wrong. I told the bus person that it was not what we ordered, she told me she was not the server and walked away. Our server came back, and asked me what was wrong. I told her it was not what I ordered, and we didn't want to take someone else's food. To my surprise, instead of checking our order she told me on the spot that it WAS what I ordered, and told me I was wrong. HA wow...ok. Still trying to be nice I told her maybe she should check the order because I am sure it's not what I had ordered. She rolled her eyes, walked away and came back and insisted that it was what I ordered. It says so in her note pad. Filled with anger by this point, I looked at her and over to my friend and I said, "let's go". We got up and proceeded to leaving the restaurant. She was shocked, stood there for a few seconds and told her manager/cash person about it. She came up to me and asked me what was wrong. I told her what just happened, and she said she will find out what was wrong. (No apology) Trying not to make a scene we returned to the table. A few minutes later she came back and told us it was a miscommunication. The kitchen had read the order wrong, and they will proceed to making the correct dish now. (Still no apology) My friend and I decided to stay because we were starving. We ate as fast as we could and asked for our bill. Every one knows when you're in a Chinese restaurant, don't ever expect a compensation when they screw up. If you didn't know, well now you do. Getting our bill I noticed that they had charged the extra dish that they got wrong, I gave the bill back to her and told her it was wrong. She ripped the bill out of my hand and threw down a new one. Well no tips were given that night. Now on to the food. There was one place in time when their service wasn't that bad. My family had dim sum there on a few occasions. The variety was ok, some unique dim sum that is house special and it's steamed fresh when ordered (it's like a sushi list in scantron form. You fill out the bubble of the item you want). Quality is OK, not exceptional, but let me tell you that if you had allergies to MSG or high blood pressure...steer clear. They drench everything in MSG, I swear. Now on to dinner, their portions are small and food is really not that exceptional. You can get better quality and price from another restaurant. We ordered ribs one time, and for $16 there were only 6 bones that barely had meat on them. That's almost $3 for a Pedigree dental bone. Same as dim sum, MSG and sodium levels are off the charts. To end my uber long review (apologies for the length), I will say that the only time that I will ever return is if I was invited for a wedding banquet there.
4_star The margarita pizza they have with a soprassa-stuffed crust changed my life for real. One of the best Neopolitan style pizzas in the city. The rice balls are also my jam. Staff were attentive and had lots of personality. I'm not even Italian at all - but it made me feel like I was at my Nona's house!! A homeless lady came in and stole a loaf of bread when we were in line, props to that lady! Gotta give credit to Via Mercanti as well for feeding the homeless.
4_star Food=4 stars Service=3 stars Atmosphere=3.5 stars (too dark) Salsa bar=5 stars! Let's get to the good stuff...the specialty tacos! I had the Roasted Sweet Potato taco in a flour tortilla. The chard and sweet potatoes were a great combination. All it needed was a little salsa verde to kick up the taste. Miss Saigon Chicken taco had a combination of zesty and sweet flavors that needed nothing else. The El Pastor and Pineapple taco was a little disappointing. There were only 5-6 bite-sized bits of pork in there and many of them were quite fatty cuts of meat. That taco was the only thing on my plate I didn't finish. I loved the self-serve salsa bar. Their mild salsa was amazing! The tomatoes were bright red, with onions and cilantro and just the right amount of salt. I would definitely go back, and maybe try sitting in the bar section for faster service. The atmosphere in the dining room was okay...it was a little dark in there for the time of day. But there were lots of interesting wall decorations like tin tiles, colored lights, and a wall of shiny hubcaps. If they had turned on more of the ambient lighting the place would have seemed a little friendlier.
1_star The District is under construction now so foot traffic is slow around the retail businesses. But, we decided to stop in at the Presido for happy hour and bring some much needed business to the area. The service was so slow that the waitress never once came to our table to take our order....After 15 minutes, I ordered 3 wines from the bartender and asked how come we could never get waited on? There was only about 10 people in the bar! I have gone to this bar for years and it has always been spotting in their service....I am sure that it why too it has changed owners 3 times...go across the street to Kings or Lucille's for good service and don't waste your time at the Presido...horrible service!
3_star Tried many times since 2009, not sure why so many people liked it. Very limited menu items, nothing really makes me wanna come back for a second time, probably not my type, but a very busy place.
4_star Great neighbourhood breakfast joint - unique spins on classic dishes and fresh, homemade baked goods and excellent coffee. Due to its very small number of tables (I'd say it can seat 15-20 at the most), there are usually lines at peak periods, so be prepared to wait 15-20 minutes. Also, cash only, so be forewarned. Service is decent, but it really depends on who you get - I've had extremely friendly, helpful servers, and also too-cool-for-school hipsters who missed the exit to Ossington
2_star Reviewing the Cajun Ahi Tuna Salad (Portabella mushrooms, sautéed carrots, and some other stuff). I have been to Tryst at least seven times and each time I am very impressed with the quality of food that I receive. This last time was a take-out order and I have nothing but complaints about the $16 salad that I just bought. Problems: - Quantity of greens is far less than eating in house - Quantity of seared tuna was also less than eating in house - QUALITY of Tuna was atrocious** (Most frustrating part) The tuna was low quality and had white lines throughout each piece. These white lines are tough and are similar to the texture of ligaments in a piece of steak. The tuna, the most expensive part of the $16 salad, was the most unenjoyable piece of tuna that I have ever eaten (cooked, seared, and raw). I will go back, but only because I know of other menu items that are of quality... but I will not be returning as often as I have in the past due to the inconsistencies in the dishes (that I am more than happy to pay for, as they are of quality ingredients). This meal was not worth $16 and I was not satiated.
1_star I was so excited to hear that Charlotte was finally getting a New Orleans style restaurant that played live jazz and blues. I was even more delighted to hear that the head chef would be from now closed, Bite Your Tongue. Needless to say, I was highly disappointed in the food and service (or should I say lack thereof) from Blunotes. After seeing the article in the Charlotte Observer, we decided to go for Sundays brunch. I'm not a fan of breakfast food, so we purposely went during lunch hours so I can order from the lunch menu, while my boyfriend was looking forward to their signature chicken and waffles, listed on the brunch menu. There was so many things that had gone wrong with my experience, I decided to bullet point them below: · Upon arrival, there was tons of staff at the entrance to greet you, but not enough waitresses or cooks. · The menus had colored dots next to everything they did NOT have on the menu. They ONLY had omelets and crab cake benedict. They offer a full menu but ONLY had 2 items available during lunch/brunch time. · No beignets!? Would've been nice to munch on during our long wait... More on that later... · I asked for a hot tea with lemon, the waitress brought me a cup of HOT sweet tea. I was expecting a cup of hot water and a tea bag. You know, tea! · When I asked when they start serving lunch, the waitress had to check and told us that they start serving "around 3", when the menu clearly states they serve lunch daily from 11-3.... · We waited...and waited and waited.....It took over an hour and a half to for us to receive our food. Meanwhile tons of people were leaving the restaurant upon hearing there was limited food options available. · I guess it was the manager that approached us and asked if we were "okay". We told him we've been waiting over an hour and a half for our food. He mumbled something...never apologized and we never saw him again. · When I finally received my omelet, (oh they didn't have green peppers) the onions and red peppers were NOT cooked and they apparently only used 1 egg. I never received my biscuit as advertised. · The thing that turned us off the most was they use plastic everything. Cups plates...No real silverware. I've never seen a restaurant serve hot grits in a cookout plastic bowl. Who goes to a New Orleans style restaurant for an omelet? I expected some hiccups as it was opening weekend, however I was not expecting the service we received nor the lack of advertised menu options. I will not be going back. There's absolutely no reason to.
1_star Though the food is good but they have The most pathetic service ever!!!! They have no idea how to handle service in rush hours
1_star This Oregano,s is a giant rip-off. The prices are higher and the portions are smaller than the other Oregano's in Phoenix, Tempe and even Flagstaff. Make the drive to Phoenix so you won't get screwed.
1_star We were meeting family from out of town with a party of 9.I phoned the day before and was assured they would hold a table. I phoned again an hour before to confirm and was told they wouldn't hold a table. We would have to come and put our name on the list but it wouldn't be too long. We arrived and were told the 2 big tables had been booked. 3 people at one, rest of the party didn't arrive for 20 minutes. Other table had 4 people. They ate. 35 minutes later their friends arrived. Meanwhile we were told not to block their passage so we were standing in the doorway. All 9 of us. After 35 minutes a waitress said it might be soon. Then she said maybe not. No offers of coffee. No attempt to combine smaller tables. If you don't take reservations, just say so. 45 minutes of waiting and we finally left. Certainly will not be back.
3_star Great food and not too bad of price. We had a group of 8 and had excellent service. Never had to wait for drinks or had to try to flag down the waitress. I ordered the Yellow Curry and loved it. The reason I didnt score it higher was because we were sat in the front of the restaurant, so EVERYONE walked by you to their table
5_star Awesome food...awesome service....and drinks will flow! Take your date or your whole family you will enjoy it Bill (Chandler)
2_star Don't get the nachos. $12 with guacamole and it looked exactly like the nachos bell grande at taco bell, just with out the meat and 3 times more expensive. They also took 45 minutes to come out, and arrived cold, soggy, and disgusting. I can make my own store bought chips with canned cheese flavored sauce much faster and for much less money. I would have much preferred taco bell. When the waitress came to give us our checks I told her and she responded with "I wish you would have told me sooner", meanwhile that was the first time she came to our table or was visible since taking our order. Slow and somewhat unfriendly service, bad food. There was barely anyone in the entire restaurant and I am not hard to please. My friend did have the chicken tortilla soup, and that was very good.
5_star I am really surprised by the negative reviews. This place is awesome!! We have been here twice now and both times were equally great. As a fried pickle connoisseur, I can say that these are some of the best I have had and the Loaded Fries with chili and cheese are the stuff dreams are made of. The burgers have been perfectly cooked both times as well and the topping choices are terrific! The service is on point and the atmosphere is fun. A definite new favorite!
2_star Ordered online on a Sunday evening and delivery took an hour and 10 minutes... Had to even call and check on order. I consider myself a crab rangoon afficiando - these tasted like fish - assume they use the same deep fryer... And came with no sweet/sour sauce. Sushi was decent and only reason it got more than 1 star... Still nothing to write home about. Chicken in the chicken teriyaki was 70% meat, 30% unedible tendons... Disappointing dinner, although the dog was happy since there were lots of leftovers.
4_star Had a fun time at Peppermill. Servers were friendly, decor was wonderfully cheesy, the food was as better than expected. Well, dinner was better than expected. Dessert was disappointing. We shared a strawberry shortcake and it was underwhelming. They used strawberry syrup like from McDonald's and a flavor less cake. I think it's because there are do many great places to get dessert in this town, I'm surprised when something on the Strip disappoints. I would go back, the lounge and entrées are throwback classics. And we really enjoyed the server. Just know there are better sweets all over this town.
1_star I came here from San Francisco for a baseball Tournament...I honestly think school lunch is better. The best part about my experience here was that my coach paid for my good.The cookie isn't so bad,if you like day old churros.
1_star Horrible. Service was not on point and very rude. Rushed food out then disappeared until check dropped. This place has dropped standards and I will never return. Kitchenis a mess and not clean or sanitary. Done.
3_star Food was tasty. I ordered the veggie combo, and was a little disappointed that it didn't come with more of a variety of things, especially for $12. BUT what it did come with was good.
5_star I am a HUGE sushi fanatic and have eaten at many more "experimental" types of sushi restaurants. Yet for what Kinjo is, a perfect place for groups hosting the connoisseur and the sushi newbie, this is the perfect in-between place. The quality versus price is spot on. The service is probably the best I've ever experienced. I gave it a 5 star because it really is a great sushi place choice for groups with diverse sushi experiences.
3_star Decent food. Love the concept of having a breakfast place that has the general American breakfast options as well as a few hawaiian/Filipino options. Love that you can get a side of specialty pancakes so that you can enjoy your savory and sweet breakfast. Generally a burn em and turn em place. Quick service.
5_star I'm so..... Heated... I bought the 3 amigo and it was amazing.... I can't believe they'd serve me something this good
1_star I had a very unpleasant experience at this restaurant. The service was horrendous- not a smile, please, or thank you from the waitress all night. When she was clearing plates she waived her finger at a stack of dishes in signal for me to pick them up. Not appropriate. If she had asked me with her words I would not have had a problem. I thought maybe she didn't speak any English, but she spoke just fine (although rudely) when I asked a question regarding the menu. Not only was the service poor, but the food was not delicious, nor filling. The sushi was sub par, the teriyaki salmon was overcooked, and the maki rolls were tiny. The chicken and rice we ordered was not only lacking in flavor, but the chicken was dry, and quite frankly disgusting. We asked to speak to someone about the inedible chicken and when they finally came to our table he was rude and unprofessional. He said he would take it off the bill because he "didn't want to argue about something so dumb." Shocking. I will never go there again, and I would not recommend it to anyone.
5_star I absolutely love shopping here. The store is very clean and extremely organized. They have great weekly specials on meat, seafood and wine. I am not happy going anywhere else. Most grocery stores are way too busy with long times. Its never a long wait at checkout and the food is extremely fresh. I truly recommended this store
4_star I love this place! I only gave it 4 stars because I feel like their prices are a little high but it's still really good! I used to work down the road from this place and everything that I tried was amazing! Their Cobb wrap, tuna sandwich, harvest salad are all great! They have a half sandwich half salad or soup which is great they have different soups every two days. And don't forget their delicious cookies or fruit and yogurt parfait with granola it's to die for!
5_star On our way for Valentine's Day breakfast. Love the Eggs Benidict w Filet Mignon & Crab Omelet
5_star Love this place! Great for a basic Japanese don-style dinner or lunch! The interior decor is very cute, very Instagram-able, and the food is consistent. Portion sizes are small, so you may want to plan accordingly by ordering appetizers as well. Otherwise, prices are decent for the very tasty comfort food! My favourites are the unagi donburi and the buta(pork) spicy mayo rice. $2 drinks with a meal is also great!
2_star Decent beer selection. Bartenders are pretty bad to be honest. They rarely smile or talk to you, even had one who after I ordered a drink for my date, made a different drink entirely. Do yourself a favor and check out the other spaces in NODA. This place is way over rated.
1_star Will never eat at this location the owner was not very friendly when I tried to use my port of subs rewards card told me I don't give out free subs and don't take coupons I eat at port of subs all over vegas this store looked like the old stores from 1990 all the port of subs I go to look new and updated not this location I would not eat there looks old and does not take coupons or port of subs cards go to a different location that is much friendly and takes coupons let's send a message to this owner this is unacceptable thanks.
2_star Just another chain restaurant. Dry meat, cold fries, poor service. Not sure what I expected when I walked in.
2_star Very fresh salad, great coffee, but NOT good gluten-free pizza crust. Unchewable, kinda like industrial cardboard.
4_star The energy in this place is terrific. The food is terrific (try the Mac & Cheese Poppers). The taps are terrific, great now I want a beer! The staff are amazing! Go. Just Go.
4_star Wonderful..... Moved from Washington State and we love seafood very good and fresh. Been many times only ran into one bad server but talked to the floor manager right away and they handled it right away
2_star Would not recommend delivery. Maybe the food is better in-house, but to me the ingredients seem too low of quality for the price. For example all the meat appears to pretty low quality. Some of the food is pretty good here, but for me personally there are too many other restaurants in Madison that use much higher quality ingredients in the same price range for me to get delivery again.
2_star The food was ok, the prices was too high and very few selection dinner choices. Will not return, because of false statement made of another restaurant, very unprofessional
3_star I know you'd probably expect a better star rating but I'd have to say I also expected more than I got. First of all, the food is good. It's really quite good. But not always excellent. The portions are copious but the presentation is non existant. It feels like you're on a farm almost. I can see how that's fun but in that case, it might be a little pricy for the farm experience. Second, service is good but it left me with the impression that the emphasis was on the upsell and not on the dining experience. If you go, I recommend the second service, that way, you'll stay longer and enjoy the evening. Wine selection is good but not all the waiters are apt at suggesting the right bottle. All in all, it's definitely worth the visit and it probably it would have earned at least another star if not for the price or the impersonal experience.
3_star Honestly, I would have been a little more generous with the rating, but Omma is SO OVERPRICED! Every dish is about 1/4 more than it should be. On top of that, pickles are not included, which is usually a given in Korean restaurants. It's the kind of restaurant where you're paying more for the atmosphere and neighbourhood cachet than the food. Sadface. Ok, the food. I got a bibimbap (chicken), which was decent, but not mind-meltingly amazing, which I kind of expected from other reviews. The kochujang (chile sauce) that comes with it was nice, but not very spicy. The meat was decently flavoured, but the whole thing was surprisingly oily and otherwise kind of bland. For home style Korean food, I would have walked away happy if it was costing me $13 dollars, rather than $17. All-in-all, I don't think I'll be going back unless I'm with someone that desperately wants to go.
4_star The place is awesome, the service is unbelievable, thanks to the management for a job well done. I only give 4 stars because it is too impossible to be perfect. The food is great except for some that I don't like. The ambience is perfect for everyone except if you have kids because it is a little too loud but I don't discredit them for that. The crablet is my favorite, the rolls, and the fish are beyond expectation. I did take out orders and by the way, I have to pick it up because they don't do delivery. I can't believe how fast they are in preparing my orders especially I did it on holidays. Good job guys and I would definitely recommend you to all of my friends to get the chance to know how impeccable the service and how mouth watering are the foods. The only problem here is the parking. It is very limited as it is located along the street. I am always lucky to get one everytime I visited this place.
4_star If you want food that's cooked and ready to go before you even order, this isn't your restaurant. If you appreciate fresh ingredients and meals that are made-to-order, you should definitely stop in and give the String Bean a try.
1_star It would be helpful if they had staff who listened... I clearly said NO guacamole on my order and it was smothered everywhere I call them back and she tells me there was no guacamole added to which I asked her to explain the green stufff all over. She says bring them back and they will remake them but won't won't start making them until I give the old ones back. Keep I mind I waited nearly 20 min the first time I was there. While waiting for the remake they messed up several other orders. She gives me the remade order and the cheese was just thrown on there and not melted at all. I ask her to melt the cheese and she throws the styrofoam container in the microwave. Other Los Favs locations I'd recommend all day The one on Cooper and Warner never again And to think they'll be making $10 an hour soon 'Murica
5_star I love this breakfast joint. Hands down the best breakfast place in all of Phoenix. I love the waffle, it's just perfect. Egg scrambled are delicious and the sourdough bread is just mouth watering. I would recommend this place to anyone who loves to eat breakfast items. The only drawback is the wait to be seated on weekends but the quick service and delicious food definitely makes up for it.
2_star Good service nice staff. But the food is over priced. My steak was cold in the middle. In my opinion you would be better off going to someplace else for a good steak.
3_star Staff is always friendly. Pizza could use more flavor IMO. Vino bambino salad is awesome!!!
4_star I really like this truck! I cant get enough, Lobster roll is amazing!! only down fall is the truck needs to be where the website says its going to be! I drive around to follow them a sometimes its not there!
4_star Had a chance to try this today was excellent:) I heard from my spouse to try it the food fresh the broth wonderful and the dumplings sooo good:)
1_star People please...the only good thing about this place is the ever apologetic staff. I didn't come here for the food but rather the bourbon list as I was told it was amazing....the bourbon list was if fact amazing....problem was they actually didnt carry any of the bourbon on the list....after being told up front ALL of the pappy van Winkle was out of stock, they list like 6 of them on their menu, I was shot down on my next 5 attempts to order a bourbon....all put of stock. Really? The bartender kept apologizing profusely but it was apparently all ongoing issue. don't waste you time here...for the bourbon any way
5_star Started with an excellent cocktail recommendation -the Creole- and just got better. Pork cutlet on pappardelle alfredo was perfect, with asparagus grilled just right. The skillet cornbread is among the best I've eve had. Partner's ravioli was just ok. Thoughtful, easy-going service. Decent wine list. A throughly enjoyable meal!
3_star I was so excited to hear that there was going to be a Berlin Doner shop in Toronto having spent my university years in Berlin, and becoming an addict of these at one point, that I had to try and relive those happy days in a way only good food can. I had the Lamb/Veal Doner, and enjoyed it! The ambiance and wall art was very cool as well, doner's and people watching are popular in Berlin too....however the price is steep. Doner's or Currywurst alone don't cost $9 CDN (after tax). The doner was good, but not any different (or better) than actual Berlin doner's that cost 2 to 4 ($3 to $6 CDN) at street vendors/fast food. If you've never had currywurst or a doner, you should go and I hope you like it...but wait till pay day :)
2_star I went with great expectations when I went to Las Vegas after reading news about them. The whole experience was contrary to what I expected though. First, the cash part. Come on, what is the reason for not taking credit cards when the whole world accepts it? That you might die and credit card might not get cleared? Second, the menu. Just a handful of items? I was expecting something more than just a burger / fries and hot dog. Third, the food itself. If you make your burger in lard and is supposed to have 1000s of calories, it should be tasty, rt? Or so I thought. I finished it only because I just wanted to avoid a scene of arguing with them that I don't want spanking even if I did not finish food (though most of the people over there seemed to enjoy it - maybe I am the minority, but it was not fun for me). I think it is the chilli that spoiled the taste of the burger. But whatever it is, the taste was nothing to write about. Fourth, the ambiance. I will rate the indoor atmosphere only at the same level of McDonalds or Burger King. Fifth, the security - locked doors only to be opened by security after verifying you paid. Why? I mean, they seriously make you feel like you are in a mental assylum with the nurses costumes and the spanking machine in the middle. No problem for me with a restaurant having security, but I have never seen any one watching at the door so closely as if people eating there might run away in the middle without paying. I definitely think they have a unique theme that can attract people. But make a great tasty food worth the calories and improve the ambiance - it can be a game changer. Also, please be a bit more family friendly or advise that this is not a family friendly place. As a family man / Christian, this place has been my first big turnoff place in US. I have been to a variety of restuarants before. But this is the first one that I found to be odd - in an unpleasant way.
1_star Worst experience ever. I ordered online for delivery. The tracker went through all the phases and stated food was out for delivery, then changed to delivered yet no delivery made. I never received my order. I then attempted to call the store for information, they never answered the phone, I attempted to contact them for 30 mins. with no resolution.
4_star Surreptitiously located in a lonely food court within the nascent shopping center below yonge and college, this place offers a type of dish that you probably won't find many other places -- Japanese curry. I ordered the katsu curry from a sweet elderly woman who had the awkwardness and anxiety of a newcomer to the food industry. The price wasn't too bad, came out to 9 dollars, but I believe I may have gotten a better deal from the Korean place next door. The food itself was awesome. The katsu was generously proportioned and satisfying. The curry itself was sweet and brown, and although it was missing the turmeric that my brain loves so much, it was very tasty. Mopping up the remains of the curry with rice was the best part. Give it a try, its a bit different. But also take a look around because the other places in the food court look good as well.
5_star Have been here several times despite the occasional long wait, but we keep coming back, because it's so delicious. Fantastic menu with so many choices. If you're looking for the usual "diner style" eggs and bacon and coffee choices, move on. Personal favorite are the breakfast pizzas with broccoli and cauliflower crust. Over the top delicious. Thumbs up to the creative chef for proving that healthy and tasty food really do co-exist and a special call out to our last server Melissa for her patience, knowledge of the menu, great attitude and her skills at helping us take a selfie!! :)
3_star Great food, it's our go to place for our Friday nights. But I gotta say, we would give this place 5 stars if it wasn't for the shitty customer service. It's feels like we are bothering the pizza makers when we are ordering. They roll their eyes, no smiles and they hardly look up at you while your ordering. It's a shame, it makes us not want to come.
4_star So far so good! Service Has been awesome, Beer has been great! The carne asada quesadilla was yummy! The margarita pizza was excellent and the buffalo chicken slider was tasty. I was not impressed with the black angus and pulled pork sliders. The pulled pork turned out to be carne asada and not pork at all, and the angus was only a burger patty. Didn't come with toppings it sauces. Otherwise excellent!
4_star We came here for lunch. I had croque madame with chips which was delicious. The amount of chips was huge. 3/4 of the plate were chips and even after sharing my chips with two other persons, we could not even eat them all. Food was high quality as expected. Our waitress was a little arrogant and not polite or serviceminded. This is why the 4 stars.
2_star Went here and ordered Hibachi Steak and Shrimp. Took forever to bring out, then they brought white rice which I didn't order instead of fried rice and didn't bring noodles with my meal. I asked for shrimp sauce and ginger and they didn't bring it or come by for another 10 minutes after our food was completely cold. Not impressed, but once they realized they messed up, they were overly apologetic, however I wasn't going to make my wife and son wait 30 minutes for another meal. That was a bad experience.
2_star Reviewed Dish: Double Leg with (Seasonal) Corn Reviewed during: Mon - Fri Lunch time Service Speed: 3 / 5 Cooking speed: 3 / 5 Food Quality: 3.5 / 5 Food Quantity: 2 / 5 Price: 2 / 5 Cleanness: 5 / 5 Repeat: NO We end up walking away on the first visit because the lineup was too long - You have to lineup to get a seat, then lineup again to order the food again !? The second visit, we avoid the Fri lunch time and arrive before noon, so we got seated pretty quickly (Although the restaurant was empty, you still need to wait to be seated.....). The Double Leg is pretty tasty, but it is not significantly better than Swiss Chalet. The $3.5 corn was a disaster, it is so tasteless it taste like it was just boiled in water....... Another time, I tried their chicken wings, it is a very small & thin wing (even with the tip and drum stick attached). It is flavorful but it is not worth $1.5 per wing..... The place is a better location for a date than Swiss Chalet, but you want to be full, go to Swiss Chalet instead.
5_star 1. Seafood pancake -- it's an appetizer but as large as pizza, enough to serve 2-3 people. It's really delicious! Strongly recommend! 2. Forgot the name but it's the last entree on the menu! Shrimp, kimchi, fried rice-- there's a spicy sign but it's not spicy at all!
2_star I never went to the original location, and frankly don't know what all the crybabying is about; you can see what this place "has become" as the full restaurant is viewable from the entirely-windowed front of the place. Anyway, this place is kinda lame and possibly misleading; it urges you to "Think healthy!" with that phrase plastered on the windows in a very obnoxious repeating/subliminal pattern, but this is some of the most greasy Indian food I've ever had. I don't get why the spinach sauce has to be so oily; maybe it makes sense for masala as it uses butter or cream or something, but I felt like they just went nuts with the oils in the sauce. Seems to me that adds a lot more calories than what they post. The TV plays this hilarious but demeaning Indian TV channel that shows Indian gangster rappers or something. It's wild and probably off-putting to the high-brow folks who have given this place a bad review based on its past incarnation. I just think it's stupid and silly, not sure what the owner's thinking. Despite the hoity toity crowd's whining, they are right about one thing: This place is fastfoodish. Looks like all the fixins come from a bag, and it's like a hospital cafeteria. Sure am glad my entree was free with some card I got to try the place; anyone who pays for this is a sucker!
3_star Had a wonderful beef and pulled pork burger at Buffalo Blues yesterday. The food and drinks were great;however, as far as I could discern this sports bar only had one waitress trying to cover over 30 customers. And this on a Saturday with the world cup games. I saw only one waitress and a bar man. The gal was valiantly trying to keep up. But the burger was great.
3_star 2.5 at best. 100+ seat resto with 2 servers. Needless to say things progressed slowly. Cellar was empty (reasonable value pairing choices not available) and the food was average. It was a dinner party for 7, and approached $700, I don't feel I got my money's worth.
1_star I ate here a couple times cause its close to homr but I rather drive farther for better service. Drive thru take a long time and for what u get lousy food. This place is not what it use to be. I rather go to the ine on 67 and Thomas or mr leno any other filibertos just nit this one
3_star There are better pizza places then this. I'd rather go to Pizzeria Bianco, Pomo, or Nook even. Service was so-so. Understandably, there was a large party also in the restaurant, but besides them, the rest of the room was empty. The quality wasn't bad, but I think they are missing something in their pizza dough. Some kind of seasoning, a little bit more pepper or salt, something. I doubt I will go back.
4_star I found this place a few years back and I must say, this review is past due. I have been on a mission to find the best sushi place that is delicious and worry free of breaking the bank. And this is the place for me! Their all you can eat sushi is the best, somedays the fish is obviously a little more fresh than others but all in all it is still damn good. The service on the other hand....ehhh not so great as the food. The younger servers seem to be a little nicer and attentitive, whereas the older women tend to come off as annoyed or pissed off (especially when you go in a group of 4 or more), so I'm always glad when I don't have them as my waitress.
3_star Average, average, average. Great location near the arena, but food and service were just OK. Our antipasto salad seemed to be made with cold cuts rather fresh meat. The kids spaghetti is something you can make at home. Our Stromboli was good, enough for 2, but not overly impressive. The garlic bread knots were really good though. Thumbs up to the bread and fries appetizers as they looked really good. Pizza just looked OK.
5_star We dine here fairly frequently and have always had excellent food and service. We also have been a couple of times just for the tapas and some wine and love having that option. The tapas we've tried have been very good, our favorite is the bacon wrapped shrimp. YUM! So, I'm writing this review now primarily because I want people to know how much I appreciate the knowledgeable and patient expertise of Rob, the bartender (Rob #1, hehe). I like to try different red wines and he was wonderful to bring me tastes of several he thought I'd enjoy, which I did! It's always fun to get to try new wines without committing to an entire glass or bottle of wine. Rob is very busy in the bar, so be prepared to wait a little for the individual service because it's well worth it. All of the restaurant servers we've had here have been excellent and knowledgeable, as well. Thank you Ted, Manager of Mi Casa, who was filling in at Twin Creeks last night, for hearing me out and agreeing to pass on that a wine flight would be a nice addtion to the Twin Creeks menu.
1_star Where should i start? Was excited to try this new restaurant. Came a day before they opened and the lady at the cash was so friendly and welcoming. Came two days later and was not greeted at all. There was no way to tell where to order ...the guy near the food just looked at me with wide eyes. I asked for a mix plate (chicken n beef) he cuts the beef and asks me about my salad n rice choice. He adds the salad to the main part of the takeout container which is usually meant for rice. As for the rice..he litteraly gave me 3 regular size spoon fulls. Then adds the beef...i told him its mixed plate. He doesnt aknowledge. Removes some of the beef that already has tahini sauce on it and adds some chicken. I go to pay and the cashier is on his phone texting and i was visible to him. I ask if this is where i pay and he says yes and apologizes...i gave him a 20 and later realized he overcharged me by $3. The food taste was good but i would never go back. A new restaurant should embrace new customers and win them over forever. Interested to see how others were treated
5_star Cuisine for both meals was very amazing. Turn around time was exceptional. Presentation was fabulous. Wait time was only a few minutes. Over all a very solid experience and we will be back.
4_star Although a few mistakes with our order and all of our food not coming out at tve same time, we were pretty satisfied with this place. The manager treated us to a round of drinks and also remade a meal tha was not to our satisfication.I had the tuscan chicken sandwich which was extremely tasty. I will be back again based on the customer service. The manager was competent and aware of her customer's needs.
2_star After hearing rave reviews about Pai, I was excited to be in the area a couple of weeks ago, and had the opportunity to try the food. When I arrived the restaurant wasn't too full and we were able to place our orders quite quickly. The thai iced tea was perfect. My friend ordered the pad thai and I wish I had ordered the same. I ordered the Khao Soi, and I was not impressed. The curry did not taste fully cooked, the sauce was very salty and unappealing. Additionally when I left the restaurant I had only what could be described a a case of mild food poisoning. Would I eat at pai again? Maybe. But I would stick to the pad thai and the iced tea.
5_star Love this restaurant, everything is very tasty, great service and excellent food, will come back for sure
5_star This is my favorite location to eat at. It's all fresh, the staff is amazing and goes above and beyond for you. Everything from the bread bowl to the cookies are homemade deliciousness. We're addicted!
1_star First time eating here, and the last. I must say the staff is friendly. They seem misguided though. The host asked if we wanted a table or booth. We said booth. His reply was let me go wipe one down for you. So he did and that was great. Once we were seated I noticed that more people coming in the door were given the same response when wanting a booth. Why wouldnt you just send someone to clean all the empty tables? I saw plenty of people working and the booth we sat at I could see an employee wrapping silverwear the whole time we were there. Then I noticed there was a lot of crumbs all over the floor in multiple spots. Kinda gross. Well I ordered the buffalo chicken Caesar salad. My fiance ordered some italian sausage mac and cheese. Plus a glass of wine. My salad came out and was not very large and the presentation was boring. Ive had better salads at fast food joints. The mac and cheese again was small and tasted really greasy. Our bill was 40 dollars. What a joke. I should have gone somewhere else for that kind of food. Not worth the money. Dirty, expensive and the food was not great at all.
1_star We cancelled our reservation because of the hosts terrible attitude. We had called to confirm and they had lost our reservation. Then we remade, but when we showed up, they would not seat for happy hour drinks and told us they would "try" to seat us for our reservation. As I said, We cancelled our reservation because of the hosts terrible attitude, and it takes A LOT for me to do something like that.
1_star Worst chicken ever! Where did they buy this chicken? No joke. The chicken tastes like rubber. I can't even think of a grocery store that sells chicken this bad. They definitely went for the cheapest priced chicken they could find. Sushi is average.
5_star Wonderful service in both English and French and a very long list of options. Got a Californian inspired egg omelette with salsa, sour cream, sliced avacado, peppers and onions with a side of sliced and spiced potatoes and some fruit wedges. As a drink I got a banana chocolate expresso yogurt drink that woke me up good. All together about 21$ before tip.
5_star Awesome. Had some board games for the kids. Awesome atmosphere. Bone broth and Tomato bisque were both great
1_star Poor experience today. Won't be going back. I work near this place, and have gone once or twice for lunch. I went today, carrying my personal bottle of tap water, as I tend to. As I ordered a falafel sandwich to eat there, the employee at the cash told me that I couldn't eat there if I was bringing in my "personal food and drink". I told her it was just tap water, and she told me it wasn't right to bring other people's food and drink into a restaurant. Of course, she's right, but if it was a real restaurant, she would have poured me glass of tap water! I took my sandwich to go. There are plenty of other good falafel/shwarma places around that won't give you a hard time over a bottle of water. Panorama or Bamiyan Kebab, just north of Eglinton, come to mind. The sandwich didn't even end up being that good.
4_star Cold in Vegas right now and pho hits the spot. They were a little short staffed I think, there were pleanty of empty tables that weren't bussed yet and I was the only person waiting and there was still a 5 min wait. Nonetheless it hit the spot
4_star I would have never gone here on my own because I'm a vegetarian and the name just doesn't sound like a place for me. Boy, was I WRONG! What a pleasant surprise! We had a large group of 11 and there was plenty of room to relax. The atmosphere was so comfortable and we didn't have problems talking down the table with each other. Being a vegetarian, the menu was fantastic for me! So many great things to try. I can honestly say that I have never been out to eat at a restaurant that serves seitan gyros. I was so excited that there were so many CHOICES FOR ME! Adding this to our list of "go to" places. PS Check for a Groupon!
3_star My sister already warned me to expect the sandwich to be cold because the first time she ate it, she was expecting a hot sandwich. We ordered The Bobbie, which is basically a Thanksgiving dinner in a sandwich: turkey, stuffing and cranberry sauce. It was good and wish I had more cranberry sauce in my portion. The sandwich would get 3.5 stars. My reason to round down: I came with a group of 7 and half of them had to go to the restroom. We claim two tables to sit and I was at a table that sits two, thinking no one else would sit at the other chair because I'm here. Not true. You would think if someone is sitting at a table, you'll find a different spot or at least ask if he/she can sit there. Well not in this case. This guy just sat down and his friend was standing between us. I didn't really care to begin with because I'm thinking they're just waiting for their to-go orders. Nope. They got their orders first and started eating at the table I claimed. The guy standing placed his sandwich in front of me (although, I had my back to them) like it's his spot. WTH... So when it was our turn to eat, we had to hold it in our hands while those two jerks got the table.
1_star Disclaimer: a vegan's view I often don't bother reviewing restaurants with poor vegan choices, but feel compelled to here because this one couldn't even get me a salad that was sufficient. I thought I'd get pizza with no cheese. Their pizza dough has egg in it. Ok, salad. ALL of their dressings except for one also has egg whites in them. That's odd, but whatever. So I get the chopped vegetable salad with the one dressing they can offer. The salad was mediocre and meager in portion size. So after lunch here I had to go find something to eat.
2_star Not impressed. I have heard good things about this place, this is the only reason why I have tried it...3 times. This time is my last. The first two times I went for brunch. The last time was for the dinner service. For dinner, my boyfriend and I ordered the Goat Cheese Deviled Eggs, the Pepper-Crusted Ahi Tuna, and the Mussels with a tomato fennel broth. We kept the menu because we wanted to order an entree as well, but we hadn't decided yet. Our appetizers came out and after trying them, we were not excited or interested in ordering more. The Deviled Eggs were fine, couldn't taste the goat cheese, but I could have made the same at home, and for $3 an egg, I should have. The Mussels were absolutely terrible. The tomato-fennel broth was bland and had a terrible, mushy texture. Half the mussel shells were missing the mussels, and they were not fresh. Lastly, the Ahi Tuna. Noticeably frozen tuna. Bland. The pepper crust was so overwhelming and with a delicate fish like tuna, RAW tuna, it was just bad. The chef should know better. I read reviews about the awesome beer list here.... Any of the beers can be found cheaper elsewhere. Won't be back. Don't waste your money.
4_star 3 for 1 drinks are a must! Conversation with our bartender, Cody, was great, he was an absolute gem. I wish they were open later!
5_star Great food at reasonable price. Our favourite is the chicken tikka kabob.
3_star Checked out their buffet for breakfast. Made to order omelettes, crepes and french toast. Their waffles were made into playing card symbols. Other than that it's your typical breakfast foods. They had fried chicken which was delicious. Make sure to ask to be seated next to their garden for an amazing view. Their dessert was kind of hidden off to the side. Had to snag a few soft peanut butter cookies myself!
4_star This place is a chain, and so there are some antiseptic aspects about the experience but their food is pretty delicious. I loved the pad thai. The chicken was especially well done, very tender and moist, not dried out like some other places. The mango salad with chicken satay was also tasty. Service was a little cold, but professional. A great place when you want a fancier Thai food experience.
5_star I really enjoyed my time at gangnam bbq,they have a great happy hour special that I recommend to my friends.
1_star Just stopped in tonight after seeing the place on Travel channel. I ordered the Chipotle Burger and onion rings, my wife had Backyard Burger and garlic fries. The onion rings and garlic fries were good. However, there is no way that the onion rings are beer-battered. Also, 20 minutes after eating half of the chipotle burger I began to feel sick. I've spent the last 15 minutes puking. They serve spoiled food and pass it off as fresh. The burger patties are frozen, and the place is not much more than a filthy shack.
5_star Came here looking for macarons, had to see what was with all the hype surrounding them. The salted caramel macaron was SOOO good. Buttery sweet caramel sandwiched between two soft chewy almond cookies. I also tried raspberry, mango (weird fruity gummy flavor), rose (ew) , mint chocolate, and pistachio (tasty). They were oook, but none can compare to the caramel! Very nice service here.
3_star Came here on a Sunday after working out at 24-hour. Must have been early enough (around 1030AM), as we were seated right away. Coffee was good, food was good. We got a small stack of the grain pancakes, which was actually a pretty big stack. They were good, but nothing to write home about. Also got an omlete with cheese, bacon, and avocado. Minimal avocado, tons of bacon and cheese. After working out, would have preferred the reverse. It was tasty though and came with a heaping side of cottage cheese and tomoatos. Food tasted as expected. Service was ok. Not too spot on for a Sunday, which one would think would be the prime breakfast day. Cost was around $20 for above mentioned food and 2 coffees. Wish I would've ordered that cinnamon roll in a mug- looks divine! The crowd must come around 11AM, as there were 4 or 5 parties waiting for a table.
4_star *3.5 stars* Following the Yelp reviews, I tried: 1) Garlic Prawns - pretty decent! You can also eat the crispy shells. Wish it had a bit more toasted garlic. Order a side dish to go with it, otherwise, it might feel greasy. 2) Nam Kao Tod - WAY TOO salty, too sour. 3) Egg noodles that I forgot the name of (first dish under Northern cuisine page) Apparently, this place is popular for their northern thai cuisine. So we tried dish #1, recommended by the waiter. It was just OK - overly creamy and much of the same taste. I can't tell how authentic it is since I'm not Thai. 4) Thai iced tea - too sweet This place has so many dishes - it's difficult to choose what to order. I really want to try their sea bass, charboiled prawns, and fried whole catfish with ginger. All with beer. My advice to you will be: get what you want, not necessarily what other Yelpers have reviewed. I will come back again. :)
3_star It was a Sunday afternoon, not busy at all. The space is pleasant, plenty of indoor and outdoor seating. They had plenty of tvs to watch the Browns lose. The menu is 90% beer but that really isn't my thing. The food options were in line with what the beer motif. The food is good, with unique flair. I tried the angry carne sub. Basically a meatball sub with spicy sauce. The ingredients are quality, the meatballs were made from scratch, and the whole thing tasted great. If you want to knock some back and watch the game, this place is a solid choice. I wouldn't recommend going here if you actually want a meal. Lastly, the parking situation in the flats is mess. It's designed to promote valet parking. Don't fight it, just pay for valet.
4_star I went for brunch yesterday. I was hoping to order my usual veggie omelette + strawberry crepe w/ chocolate. However, they stop serving omelettes at 11. I had a hard time finding a replacement... I ended up getting a veggie plate. For those of you who have not been here before: Marche is set up like a supermarket with certain food stations i.e. Crepe, Pizza, Omelette, Veggie, Grilled etc. You stop at these stations and order. Then they swipe your card. You pay on the way out. This location is actually inside of a business complex, the Brookfield Place. It is surrounded by various stores. The restaurant put some tables, food court style in the building outside of the restaurant. This is by far my favorite Richtree/Marche location.
5_star I contemplated punching my sister out when we rolled up to Yama, which looks like a run of the mill sushi joint placed in a nondescript shopping center off the beaten track of the Strip. She's a NYC transplant so I trusted her judgment of good, quality sushi but I was a little apprehensive when we drove up and saw degenerate/hobo looking types wearing cowboy hats and smoking cigarettes, standing outside of Sally's (or something or other) gaming spot, next to Yama. She swore it was delicious and convinced me to ignore everything else from the outside. The area is a little run down but don't be fooled, Yama is a total gem. The sushi is...just...so freakin' good! Super attentive waitstaff who are constantly running around to see what you need. Loved the salaciously named rolls like "One minute man" or "Sex on the beach" - so Vegas! My personal favorite is the Firecracker. I must admit, many rolls are slathered in sauces but that's how I like it. And, how on earth do you beat $23.99 for all you can eat sushi??!! Total yum. And rumor has it, Yama purchases their fish from the same wholesalers that Strip sushi restaurants use, and Yama is a fraction of what you would pay elsewhere. If you're in Vegas, and you love sushi, you must go (just ignore the cheesy, mismatched décor!).
2_star these wings suck and location is dirty. Skip this place unless you want a real dirty wing experience.
2_star Did I order the wrong thing? Or maybe it was an off day? I feel a bit bad for giving them two stars, but honestly: "Meh. I've experienced better." Chicken katsu had skin on every piece, the oil tasted a little off, and they left in a bunch of lousy bits on the meat. My mother was actually gagging from one of the pieces. I pulled off a bunch of inedible things but otherwise managed to finish the rest. What I didn't finish was the macaroni salad, which didn't taste as good as what I'm accustomed to. Portion size was about what I've come to expect from Hawaiian places for this price. Service was pleasant. Ambiance was mostly hole-in-the-wall, and I feel like I made a mistake sitting under the kinda loud and tinny mono speaker in the ceiling. We ended up going somewhere else after this meal and paying for some better food to clean the palate. Too bad.
3_star The ambiance is great. They have cool decorations, which are apparently authentic, straight from Morocco. The food taste is not bad - especially the appies are good. The veggies dishes are a bit bland. But the most disappointing part was the prices - it is pretty overpriced. Plus to get customers to come back, they should make the bread free and include the Moroccan tea or coffee as a part of their "Tour of Casbah" meal. And, the server just bashed Sultan's Tent completely, which I felt was a bit unprofessional (albeit his passion for Morocco was palpable).
5_star Firefly recently started serving brunch, and I have been wanting to try it since they started. I finally decided to go to celebrate my 22nd birthday with some friends. The brunch was so good, and you can still order from the rest of the menu if you want. It is a tapas breakfast still, which at first I was a little skeptical about, but it ended up being great! I had their patatas bravas (Potatoes) and the carne asada breakfast taco. The tacos are like little street tacos, but they were SO good. I also tried one of the Pumpkin Beignets, they look a little bit like donut holes, they didn't really taste like pumpkin, but they were still a tasty treat. Most importantly, for brunch they have all you can drink (with a 2 hour limit), mimosas, sangria, and bloody marys. I obviously had to try all of them. The mimosas were very good, I am not a big fan of bloody marys while I'm eating, but besides that it was a very basic bloody mary, still tasty. Their sangria is always good, so no surprise there. I like to get the sparkling white, because I'm not a big wine fan. We definitely stayed the whole two hours. Besides the food, the service was great! There were about 10 of us so we had a lot of people coming over to help. The manager even stopped by to wish me happy birthday which was very nice! I also got a birthday shot, great place to go to celebrate! I would definitely recommend! *disclaimer: I had written this almost a year ago, and apparently forgot to submit it. I just noticed it was still in my drafts and decided I should still post it!
1_star I really feel the need to write this review. My husband and I have been going here for 4 yrs. We ate there once a week. We ordered our usual Im allergic to tomatoes My husband told them no tomatoes on my burrito. I pulled open a little piece of it, tomatoes. No big deal my husband got up told the owner of the mistake he said in a very rude way no you didnt say no tomatoes!! My husband said yes I did he again corrected my husband. I didnt even take a bite out of it. He didnt offer to make me a new one. All he wanted was to be right. My husband threw out his and my lunch and we left. Never will we be back again. Hope it was worth losing loyal customers.
2_star If your sitting in, this places has ok food. However, if your doing pickup or delivery expect to be waiting 2 hours or more and then have cold food. We ordered food and ice cream and literally 2 hours later they show up with all the ice cream melted over all the other food and they hurried and hopped back into their car and took off. Don't bother calling either to complain because they won't fix anything. Very very poor customer service.
1_star 1 of top 10, I think not! Disappointing lunch today. My guest had lobster ravioli served cold and quite honestly lacked flavor. I opted for vegetable panini with chicken. Panini was soggy and the cheese barely melted. Left 90% of it and went to McCormick and Schmick's next door to satisfy a craving.
5_star Excellent cheese curds, good menu of burgers and great drink selection. The service can be good, but the way of ordering at the bar can be a hassle with larger parties and/or kids. Worth checking out.
3_star French (Quebec?) tourtiere was yummie, however WiFi was NFG... Very "hit and miss", as I understand it. Staff were very helpful... Won't return unless WiFi fixed...
3_star "Native" is your average pub food. Pretty good especially after a few beers. If you are adventurous I recommend trying the Ghost Pepper wings. Holy cow those are hot! Eating one of those is like getting a tattoo, you'll never forget the experience.
5_star Last night my wife and I enjoyed a nine-course tasting menu, and I had the best crab cake, salad, salmon, steak, and cheesecake I've ever eaten - all in one meal. Our meal started with a crab-cake and a small crab salad (with dill, apple, and celery). The crab cake was so warm and fell apart beautifully, perfect spicing, a little n'orleans remoulade underneath, and the lump crab was so sweet and tender. The salad was rich and creamy, a few bites of decadence. We then had an artichoke bisque, which was unfortunately the low point of the meal for both of us as neither of us loves artichoke much. The base of the soup was fantastic, but the tough bits of artichoke were just okay, and the cracked pepper garnishing the dish was very coarse ground (which provided contrast to the consistency of the soup, but seemed out of place). Then on to a baby wedge salad, mine with blue cheese and buttermilk, Barb's with a housemade vinaigrette. The salad was composed with perfect bacon, dried bing cherries, spiced pecans, the blue was fragrant without being overwhelming. Barb's vinaigrette had so much body and cling, with such great balance that she couldn't stop making pleasant-eating-noises - you know the ones. We had a little sorbet (blackberry, such concentration of fruit flavor), and then the three main courses. The salmon was served with wilted spinach and a potato hash, but the salmon itself was cooked to a perfect and consistent temperature throughout without overcooking the edges, or a slightly-underdone-center. It had a gently spiced rock-hard crust on one side, with perfectly cooked salmon immediately below. The plate was served with a smooth and tangy lemon beurre blanc. Best salmon I've ever had. Next was the duck course, our server Johnathan mentioned reminded him of Christmas. Beautiful rare duck breast, served on a bed of whipped sweet potatoes (perfectly smooth, none of that stringyness you sometimes get with sweet potatoes) that had been flavored with vanilla and brown sugar. Not overly sweet but absolutely decadent, and a small serving of sauteed brussel sprouts. The richness of the duck offset the cabbagyness of the sprouts, and the sweetness of the potatoes was a great offset to that pair. On top was a single sage leaf - the most fragrant I've ever smelled - which tied it all together and made it feel like christmas. The third entree was the filet mignon, what Barb would have chosen, had we only had one choice of entree. Served rare to mid-rare, it had the same amazing cookery as the salmon, where the temperature and doneness was consistent throughout to almost within a millimeter of the soft crust. Served with a green peppercorn sauce, by far my favorite sauce of the night, which had spiciness and richness. The mashed potatoes served with the filet were nothing much on their own, but served as a perfect vehicle for the sauce, and the braised collards were noteworthy for both their balanced flavor as well as the fact that they were perfectly cooked. The greens had little snap in the backbone, they weren't wilted as so many collards become. They were barb's first bite off the plate, and made her eyes light up and she was almost rushing me to try a bite. The steak itself was pure silk on a plate. Warm, lucious, flavorful (uncommon for a filet!). Unfortunately, I do think that Barb's half of the filet was slightly more cooked, and came out mid-rare/medium, but mine was perfect. Next, a small goat-cheese log stuffed with dried fruit, rolled in crushed nuts, and served with two pieces of baguette. The baguette had a wonderful quality of being crisp and light (like melba toast, but not as dry), without having a crust that was so hard as to be painful to the gums (as so many toasted baguettes do). Also on the plate were a few tiny slices of celery, and a small drop of wildflower honey. This is not your store-bought-in-a-bear-squeezy honey, but rather it was fragrant and flavourful, very sweet, and brought out a dessertlike quality to the cheese/nut/fruit/bread combination. Barb, I'm sure, would go to great lengths to find that honey again, she enjoyed it so much. Lastly, the cheesecake course. When it arrived, it was small, and we both looked at eachother and said "this is how cheesecake should be served", not a huge slab that's a chore to work through, but a small indulgence at the end of the meal. It was rich, but fluffy, and so moist. None of that powdery or clumpy feel that you get at a factory. Served with a bourbon-vanilla-cream sauce on the plate. The sauce was sweet, complex, but not cloying. The cheesecake was sweet and rich, and I mopped that plate clean. But the whole course was never too much of anything, it was just a perfectly walked tight-rope, never too sweet or too rich, never too moist or too dry, but everything was executed wonderfully.
2_star Soul food is ok...needs more seaoning and to be drained of grease. My entire rating is based off the customer service which was very rude and disrespectful for me as a customer. The wait was long and don't try to make reservations because they dont take on weekends. The waitresses have bad attitudes and rush you when ordering. ..."imma take yall drink order and food order at the same time so who first?" (Her exact words). I live in charlotte and have been here prior to this visit but will never return again. This was by far the worst soul food experience.
2_star My boyfriend and I went to Vagabondo III for Valentine's Day dinner. I am not sure what the restaurant is like on a non-holiday, but I would not recommend going here for Valentine's Day. First, the four course meal (that everyone had to get as they did not offer their regular menu that night) was, for lack of a better term, a rip-off. We didn't have a choice for the first and fourth course and what came out were two small pieces of first, bruscetta, and later, two very small strawberries dipped in chocolate with a little bit of whip cream on the side. For the second course, fortunately there were two choices, but unfortunately they ran out of one so we both had the same thing again. And for the third course, while there were 4 choices, they all came with the same sides that tasted very bland. The main course was in fact, the least delicious of all 4 courses. That is to say, the bruschetta, the salad, and the dessert were actually not bad. And, on another positive note, we left with our stomachs full despite the shortcomings. Also, the restaurant automatically added a 17.33% gratuity to the check without informing us! My experience has been that gratuity is added to parties of 6 or more and they will note it somewhere on their menu. Not here, not that night. So, all in all, the dinner was overpriced for subpar food. We did have attentive service and nice ambiance, though. Unfortunately, because we felt the restaurant took advantage of its customers on Valentine's Day, we will not be going here again and do not recommend it. Sorry.
2_star food is good , but it is dirty and a bunch of kids work there and they are very disorganized and unprofessional.
5_star Of the many Mexican restaurants around to choose from, this is definitely the best. I've never had a meal from La Unica that I didn't enjoy. Lately I've been on a taco kick - I love their shredded beef tacos & their carne asada tacos - authentic with cilantro & onion on soft corn tortillas. They also have some of the best horchata.
1_star The place looks OK,friendly people but food is horrible... I don't think we'll be coming back...
3_star We had their Friday nightstand special, fish n chips for $9.99. Fish servings was skimpy. Batter was light n crispy but fish portion could have been a little larger. I ordered a bottle of Clos Du Bois chard n was charged $35.00 for this bottle. You can buy this bottle for $11.00 at the local grocery store. Beautiful location but over priced on the food n drinks. Their happy hour was ok Just had drinks n appetizers at the revere Grille n it was great. We will be back
5_star Typically I have fun eating out but rarely do I feel that the price is warranted given what I could make it home. This is the only restaurant I've ever been to where I felt like the price really represented something amazing-it was very cheap for the quality and some of the best food I've had in a long time. We came in well before 5 o'clock - probably 4:30 at least - and by 5 there was a huge line out the door. Try the desserts, too! They are also amazing.
4_star WOW! Food is awesome! Service is a little awkward but if you could look past that or just get take out. ... you'll get some great dim sum for a cheap price!
4_star This place is great! We usually get carry out and the medium spice. I have been to the buffet, but I have found it usually not as spicy as I like. Still, the buffet is very good. I recommend Swagat for Indian in Madison!
3_star Went there for dinner today. Second time I have been there . food was good but our drinks took 15 min, they comped our bottle of water but my second martini glass had lip stick on it. Yup, I'm not a girl. That was comped as well but not impressed. Food good, service, big meh. This place has the exact same items as ciao in Yorkville and even though its the sane company that owns it. A much better experience there. Worth a try but read everyone's reviews I hope they are.
5_star Pizza and meatball sandwich is delicious, portions are big, good service. Now my go to spot if I want a pie.
1_star I go here every morning to get coffee. I order one thing and I order it the exact same way every morning. The same girl takes my order most of the time. She messes it up every single morning. I have to correct her. Sometimes she hurrys and puts it in the screen and before I can confirm the order is correct, she commits it. She tells me that she will change it, but inevitably, she fails to correct it and I end up with the wrong order. I order one thing!!!! If your only job it to take my order and you mess it up every single time, 100% of the time, you need help. I have complained, I have done their surveys on the receipt, nothing changes. It's so frustrating. Maybe the owner will see this and fix the problem.
1_star TGIF Meets APPLEBEES. Don't bother going if you think its a Brewery, they think the beer is "made" in the back. They are over staffed and under trained. The pregnant hostess in the front is worthless and needs to stay off her phone, the whole kneeling down trick was not working. With 8+ servers on at lunch and no defined sections, everyone is running around and has no time to give superior service. Please for the love of God help your servers out, give them sections maybe 3- 6 tables all in the same area, that was half the problem. And let them know when they get a new table if they are busy. It took 15 minutes for me to flag down a server, and then another 5 to get my drinks. The menu might as well have a table of contents and the beer menu is basic. The place needs a good manager or management team. There is some positive, was once I got a server he was attentive and was able to sell a perfect check. The food was ok but no different form Applebee's, you go there to get the corporate consistency. The best part of my entire visit was the dessert cookie!
4_star Celebrated my 50th birthday here December 7 with a party of ten. Our experience was fabulous. We arrived when the doors were open...we were going out that night and wanted to take our time, eat, and enjoy! That we did! The staff was wonderful. Everyone really enjoyed their meal, the service, and the experience. Can't wait for the next special occasion! Yes, the location is not eye catching....and the decor...I'll say...vintage, but I love that old style!
1_star Very poor customer service especially up through management side. Doubled their tip on our room charge and when I brought it to their attention blamed MGM. At least MGM handled it. When assistant manager called to follow up he clearly stated he was just checking a box to follow.
3_star I've been here twice- once for the kbbq and once for the UFO fried rice + ddeokbokki. The first time I had kbbq here, it was pretty good; we got the BBQ set with pork + beef. It came with a lot of side dishes and vegetables, 2 bowls of rice. The meat was super fresh and it was really good! The second time I came here I got ddeokbokki + kimchi bacon UFO fried rice with a friend. The food was okay, but I feel like they could have added more rice cakes in the ddeokbokki, as I felt a bit dissatisfied in how little rice cakes there were in the dish. The fried rice was okay, we added cheese to it (which cost an extra $3). Overall, I would probably come back again if someone asked me to but not on my own will.
2_star I do not recommend this place at all for food. I did like the wine I got (Cote du Rhone). The waiter was helpful in the drink selection, and I liked that they have a half-glass option. I ordered the hanger steak, medium. The steak came out medium-well to well-done and was chewy. It had a weird gamy smell to it. The sauce that came with it was too thick, too sweet, too salty. The wild rice had a nice texture but was over-seasoned. I ate the dish as quickly as possible and washed the taste away with wine.
3_star Our server was quite attentive until we only ordered 3 appetizers, a soda and a beer (for 2). Then he seemed annoyed and virtually disappeared. The food was great and our "small bites" meal was still $60.
5_star Delicious food! Huge burritos, stuffed with tons of meat. Really enjoyed Pico too. A must try!!!
4_star Ok, I've tried some of the other "teriyaki" mom and pop places in town....and by far...TMAD is the best! Get the Most portions for your money don't waste your money on those other places! You actually get alot of chicken versus massive mound of rice.Great salad dressing, always fresh and full of flavor.
5_star We enjoyed our first dining experience at Okra's Cookhouse & Cocktails from start to finish! The atmosphere was loud and friendly, the food, and especially our server, Morgan were wonderful! The menu offers a nice choice of very flavorful, Southern comfort food made with a variety of ingredients that heighten the food far from average. Southern food with a twist- far different from our South West flavors of Arizona. Because my wife and I didn't recognize some of the ingredients and descriptions on the menu, we called our server over. She was extremely helpful and friendly- that Southern hospitality we've all heard of and is so sorely missing in most restaurants these days. In fact we spoke with three servers and one of the cooks (we were seated at a tall table, near the kitchen window) We enjoyed our food immensely, it was very fresh, flavorful and portions were generous. We plan on going back-there are so many more starters, entrees and deserts we're looking forward to trying!
1_star Let me explain my quite horrible experience with Khun chai Thai. I walked in, no customers just the server. A little weird but it's okay, I said two please sat down, my friend went to the restroom, as soon as he got back he asked if we were ready, no chance to actually make a decision. But did anyway, once our food arrived, I tried my Tom kha, WORST FOOD IVE EVER TASTED. Mind you I eat Thai food frequently. It tasted like cough syrup my stomach stomach felt weird, went to the bathroom while my friend proceeded to order something else. The food got there, oh here we go, I didn't want to be rude. IT FUCKING SUCKED. I talked it over with my friend and just went up to the register, paid for the food and left. THE WORST PART. I LEFT MY PHONE THERE, a WHEN I CAME BACK TO GET IT, THEY TOLD ME TO LEAVE. I LOOKED OVER THE COUNTER SAW THE PHONE SITTING BEHIND THE COUNTER AND SNATCHED IT. Are you kidding? I could have not paid for the disgusting food and just left but I did and you won't let me get my phone? Worst food and service I've ever encountered. Khun Chai Thai will certainly NOT be recommended. Ever. I advise you to save your nausea and time.
2_star Sweet tomatoes changed to Field Kitchen, seems more like an effort to boost the bottom line. We would've preferred they raise the prices and kept it the way it was. It used to be our relaxed unpretentious place for an easy dinner, now the food is overblown, the portions are over sized and the atmosphere is no longer what it was. We'll keep going for now but we're in the market for our new weekly hang out if anybody has any ideas, please share!
4_star Good sushi decent price, good service. Weak on atmosphere, but good for quick hit.
4_star Food was good had burger. Beer was nice. But it is pricy. Dinner for 2 with drinks costed us 75 & thinking it's a bar to me it is expensive
5_star Now this is a cool joint! Subway tiles, NY signs, plaid table covers,and swingin old music! The food is delicious! From the salads to the thin slice pizza it does not dissapoint! The staff was young but super attentive. We wish we had a place like this in California.
3_star My friends and I had dinner here yesterday because it was the closest sushi restaurant by Yorkdale that wasn't AYCE . I've been here before for lunch and its usually super packed during lunch hours. The service was good, our server was helpful but a bit pushy for us to order, I guess it was because we got there fairy late and stayed until closing. As for the food, their sushi portions were HUGE, we ordered the green dragon roll and the spicy volcano roll. We also ordered some apps but ended up taking the sushi to-go. The quality for the food was worth the price. I would recommend this place for anyone in the area that is looking for decent sushi that isn't AYCE.
3_star I been to this restaurant 3-4 times already because someone I know wanted to try it out because its kind of new. And I always give restaurants a second chance. This place is ok. There is nothing exciting about it. Its just like another american/french/Italian type restaurant. The food is good but it didn't make a party in your mouth.
1_star The portions at all the captains boil are ALOT smaller now went here recently and ordered 1 pd of mussel shrimp & clams came out to be about 10-13 shrimps,9 mussels ridiculous for the price I have no idea wth is going on it could be the new management that's running this place or with corporate but like a lot of people Have been saying the cap boil is just failing even their sauce has changed its now thinner the cap boil sauce Because all i see is OIL I remember when I first had this 2-3 years ago when the sauce was thicker and now it's just all oil DONT EVEN BOTHER GOING TO CAP BOIL if you really wanna pay over priced seafood in a plastic bag of OIL disgusting
5_star This is probably one of the best restaurants in all of Toronto. Do what we did and you won't regret it. We didn't want to pick from the menu instead told them to pick for us including the wine. We were 6 people. It was out of this world! L'Unita has some crazy talent in the front and in the kitchen. Their manager and sommelier, Rob is one talented son of a bitch. He chose some amazing dishes and perfect wine to pair and kept it all reasonable without gouging! If you haven't tried L'Unita then you have missed out on some amazing food porn!
5_star This place has amazing food, amazing service, and a real great vibe. I highly recommend going here, you will be blown away and are in for a real treat.
5_star This is a great restaurant! Went here multiple times with our 4 kids. The food is so yummy, especially the pancakes and bacon! The waitstaff was wonderful. We will go back!!! Kids plates were adult size servings, so consider having little ones share. We always had leftovers. The value for the money was right for our budget.
2_star I've gone to this Cafe Rio around 40-50 times since August when I moved to this side of town. This trip was by far the worst I've had. I walked in at 9:52 as they closed at 10:00. Understandable that the employees were anxious to leave, but I just wanted my free salad I earned with rewards! I walked in and there were upwards of 25 people sitting around eating and carrying on. Fairly unusual. As I approached the counter, not only could I see the employees unhappiness, but I could hear them complaining about the amount of people in the store. (I'm sure the owner wouldn't complain) Anyhow, a male employee asked me verbatim "what can I do for you?" I'm not going to go into how misjudged this approach is to customer service, so I'll leave it alone. However, when I responded with "yeah can I get a salad to go please" his first response was "well this is all the rice we have left so (he paused for a second as I stared at him) I'll just give you the rest" There was about 2 spoonfuls of rice left. As he goes to scoop he looked up to see more people walk in to order and quickly changed that 2 spoonfuls to a half scoop. Sweet dude. Then, he passed it along to a young woman employee who while she was making the salad was speaking in Spanish to another girl employee complaining about the people still in restaurant. (Hehe, I happen to speak Spanish, what are the odds right?) In the end, I will say if you go here I guess don't go after 9:30 because apparently you'll get upset employees who of course didn't sign up for the 2-10 shift or you'll get half a scoop of rice from a male employee who clearly isn't in it for repeat business. Also, she forgot the lime. And if you have had the salad you know that the lime is a delightful touch that really makes the salad a "salad."
2_star I ordered takeout to bring back to my room at Caesars. Chicken and biscuits, steak Diane and mac and cheese. The cashier said 20 minutes, and I came back at 15 minutes and saw a bag near the register. After waiting 5 minutes for the people ordering cheesecake to get their orders, I got her attention and asked if it was mine. She said yes but she was waiting on the mac and cheese. After another ten minutes she said it shouldn't be much longer, and finally went back to check and came out with it. I said my dinners had to be ice cold by now and she very rudely said it's fine and handed me the bag. When I opened the dinners a few minutes later (it only took three minutes to get back to Caesars) the food was ice cold and garbage. It was almost a half hour from when the dinners came out until the dried up mac and cheese was added. Totally unacceptable that a takeout order leaves the kitchen before everything is ready. We threw most of it out because it was inedible.
2_star All in all, this place is pretty blah. Nothing special...the chicken is dry, and their manapua is not made fresh--it's from a frozen bag. The boba drinks tasted gross and the tapioca balls were undercooked. Save the money and the trip out to Happy Valley and go to Ono's or Paradise Hawaiian BBQ. If you think this is good plate lunch, you haven't had a good plate lunch.
4_star January 31 2011. Dinner. We had the Sizzling Rice Seafood Soup first. The Flavor of the broth and fish was wonderful, however the calamari pieces were as chewy as slices of rubber tire, completely inedible. But alas, don't fret... The Crispy Fried Chilean Sea Bass with S&P was completely without fault. Absolutely full of flavor, very fresh tasting (and i'm extremely conscience of fish freshness). A large center slice of Seabass. Just lovely. We also had the Sauteed Prawns in Spicy Sweet and Sour Sauce which was very good. in addition to the incredible menu choices, they have several live seafood tanks with a variety of seafood; prawns, geoduck, shellfish, other live fish. Atmosphere was marred by this random table in the middle of the walkway heading to our booth - this oddly placed table was covered in clean restaurant dishes, glasses, napkins, and brickabrack of things that are usually hidden at the back or behind a divider, not sitting in the middle of the restaurant. At first glance, I thought they weren't ready for business yet, but there were patrons inside and that table never disappeared. O, well. The food was reasonably priced and delicious. Definitely recommend. http://www.joyfulhouselv.com/menu.html
2_star I was SO excited when I heard that Las Vegas would be getting a Dave and Busters! Being a Texas native, it was a place that we've hung out and celebrated at on many occasions. To my disappointment, this location is terrible. 1. They've hired the youngest, cheapest and most inexperienced staff and CLEARLY did not invest in their training. 2. The food is at best, mediocre. 3. Don't even THINK about hosting an event here because NO ONE will call you back or return your phone calls. 4. The venue is nice; but, tiny. The only good thing about this place is Happy Hour Mon-Fri. They have got to step their game up and train their managers and associates. It's not looking too good for this location. I'm so disappointed. UPDATE: I have to give credit where credit is due. I finally got ahold of the original person that I spoke to about hosting an event, Ashlynne. She is AWESOME! She held on the phone with me while she made a contract and made sure that I received the contracted just in case I had any questions or concerns. D&B almost lost my business. Ashlynne saved it and I appreciate her help. I hope that she at least gets recognized for this.
2_star Highly overated, fresh wasabi for $12 came as wasabi mixed with water that diluted the taste instead of freshly grated. Sashimi was a huge disappointment in both taste and presentation. Servers which should be confident but was arrogant instead. 2 stars was for the nice ambience.
5_star This place. This damn place. First off, you feel like a king just walking in and being sat down. Service unlike I've ever experienced, absolute 5 stars for sure. Yes its insanely price, but the food and service make it worth your while. The only thing that irritated me is when they brought out a bottle of Fiji water when you say yes to being offered water (assuming water is free!) and being charged $8 for it!!! Not OK!
5_star Great breakfast. Awesome staff. Will be back for sure. Unexpectedly awesome food. And gluten free. Yes.
2_star Charged me for the wrong amount of food and then did not offer to correct it or compensate me when they brought out more food than I had ordered. Fire ants on the patio - beware. Poor service and mediocre food. I will not be back!
4_star Don't fear the looks of the place, like they say you can't judge a book by its cover. They have the Best Pho in Phoenix, their broth is flavorful not watered down like so many others I've tried. Bun Bo Hue is really good as well. Spring Rolls are always fresh not dried out, delicious peanut dipping sauce! Only place you can find French Macarons on the West side of town. Overall a must try if new to the area, or a place to cherish and frequent often if you're a local.
2_star If you're going to Dick's, going with a large group makes it more fun. Some waiters' jokes are funny and some of them aren't. Each server has their own style of being a "dick." Ryan, thinks the food made him sick. He threw up a couple hours later. I (Kalila) am convinced that it wasn't the food that made him sick, because we ate the same exact thing, but I did not get sick. We ordered the Buffalo Chicken sandwich and the Brisket Sandwich. The buffalo chicken was ok and the Brisket sandwich was disappointing. Ryan ordered a small Blue Moon. It was in a small plastic cup and it turned out to be $7! It was definitely too small to be $7. I would go back if there were an occasion to do so, but it wouldn't be a "OOH! Let's go to Dick's moment." It's fun to go if some of the people in your party have never been before.
3_star Very high priced for what you get. Service was good and attentive. The food was just not worth the high price. Sweet potato fries on menu come out in what tastes like fish batter. They were not labeled as anything but "sweet potato fries" but when they delivered them to our table it looked like 2 pounds of battered fries that were not good. Then they called them tempura style. They took them off the bill and were very professional. They even surprised us with an excellent butter cake for a birthday in our party. I would score them higher if it were not for the value for the money.
1_star Visited on Thursday, arrived at 553pm. 10 min wait in line, understandable because of crowd. 31 mins to get food. Child sized portions for tacos and quesadilla. Steak burrito was like a grease explosion in your mouth when taking a bite. There is no way this food should cost what it does, taste as such and take so long. The processing line to prep was way too slow and the attendant handing out the orders looked confused everytime she recieved an order to call out. I was scanning the kitchen and restaurant to see if management and ownership might be walking around trying to fix things and help. Didn't see anyone that stood out. New restaurants like this need to have their act together before opening. As of now, my impression is cemented and my family won't return.
3_star I really want to give this place a better review so I will try it once more in the hopes I can move it up a star or two. I LOVED my plate. I had the mango/coconut/curry/shrimp dish. It was fantastic. I even had the left overs the next day and it was just as good. The other two people at the table ordered jerk dishes; one chicken, one tofu. Both stated the jerk had no jerk. Flavorless and bland. Maybe the chef was having an off day? The one complaint I do have are the prices. Pretty steep for me. Next time I will order the shrimp curry dish to share with an appetizer.
2_star We were on vacation at the Great Wolf Lodge and decided on this restaurant since we get such great food and service in our hometown. Well, we were wrong! The first booth the placed us in hadn't even been wiped down. There were glass marks and peanut shells on the table. I complained and we were moved to a "clean" table. This table wasn't wiped down either but it wasn't as dirty as the first table. However, the booth side I sat on wasn't secured to the ground because EVERY TIME we moved or the person behind us moved, it was like a see saw! The food took a while to get to us and they weren't that busy. The only good thing about that place was our server Dustin. He was very attentive and professional. Based on him alone, I would have given this place 5 stars. Next year, we'll skip this place and head to Bojangles!
3_star I don't really think there's much to add than what has already been noted in these reviews. The interior decor is nicer than your average East Indian restaurant. The food is quite pricey for what you get, and I thought the portion size was pretty minimal. The food itself was tasty, however, I expected a bit more "kick" from the dishes. The only spicy dish was the vindaloo, so I'd recommend asking them for some heat if that's what you like.
1_star Worst service I've EVER had in my life! Server did not care about service at all. No server to begin with. Had to flag someone down and he was upset that we did that. No one checked on us through out the meal and when it was time to pay they held my card for 15 min. Worst service of my life.
3_star We come here a lot. Happy to see it is a lot busier now and some nights we come in to a full restaurant. The owner is really nice and accomodating and helps make great food recommendations. They have good sashimi and kani salad. I've been noticing in recent visits that our dishes are served in chipped dishes, e.g. salad bowls, soup bowls. That is not acceptable. Service is usually very good. Our last visit, there was a girl serving us who didn't quite fit the typical server profile we are used to at Raaw - this girl was kind of rough around the edges and wiped her nose with her hand in between cleaning tables & serving customers. Again not acceptable. Better training needed? Maybe she was just a back up person. I'm hopeful things will improve. We will return.
1_star Went there for breakfast with a friend of mine. Ordered 3 eggs over easy with wheat toast and bacon and hashbrowns. Eggs came out fried hard. We were sitting at the bar. I asked bartender if she could send them back please and she said cook was making some new ones? I got the next order and it was worse than before!! I'll never go back there! Brit the bartender was assume. The cook is awful. And I can't believe messed up my eggs twice!!! Ugh
3_star I've certainly eaten my share of meals at YT. And generally it's been good. Although the quality has been slipping over the years.. both the food, prep, and service. The Beachwood location is "tight"--like cramped.. But it's always been that way so no biggie. Also, some of the waitresses need to be put out to pasture. I mean seriously. Give me a break. Also I'd like to see options for "healthier" alternatives.. like organic eggs, real butter, etc.
1_star Um no. Ordered delivery tonight. The cheese pizza was flavorless, bland and just plain icky. I've never been to NY but I hope this is not an accurate representation of their pizza. If you have zero taste buds this place is for you!
2_star After shelling out thirty eight dollars plus tax per person I was expecting something more than snow crab legs and rock lobster the size of shrimp. I could not believe it!
4_star We actually had a decent meal here at baja miguel's the other day. They have a daily lunch special from 11-3 daily that includes a frozen margarita, fideo soup, and your choice of two items to make up your entree that comes with rice and beans. The chips and salsa also come with bean dip and guac. I think its actually a pretty good deal if you are close by and especially since the special is seven days a week.
4_star Great food with an Indian twist! You can't go wrong for $10 with the massive butter chicken wrap from Eastern Twist. No frills, lots of delish thrills.
1_star My entire family got food poisoning from this establishment.. I'm not joking either.. I had a temperature of 103.5.. Enjoy at your own risk.. I've never had more than 4 people become sick at any established restaurant EVER.. I had the omlet with sausage.
1_star I am updating my original review on this restaurant because the service and food have declined SIGNIFICANTLY since my first visit. I will NEVER eat here again. On my first visit I ordered the chicken and waffles. The service was GREAT and the food was awesome. I was so excited, I told everyone! I took my husband just a few days later and the experience was night and day! I've tried it four times since then and the service has been AWFUL. Most recently, I found HAIR IN MY FOOD!! The cashier, who identified herself as "Lace" was RUDE! I am so disappointed because I thought that this would be my new breakfast spot. It WON'T! Small businesses really need to be careful who they let operate their establishment. I've seen so many good places driven into the ground because of people like "LACE". .
2_star Randomly came here during our roadtrip. I thought it would be cool to eat here because of its name :P These burgers taste as bad as a white castle burger. I can't determine which is worse! I'm giving an extra star because of it's unique name!
2_star Really great atmosphere, but the food is not up to par with the other big name chefs in the city. My wife ordered the burger (medium) it came extra we'll done, not even edible. I had the skirt steak and it want anything special. We really liked the atmosphere, just wish we liked the food. Won't be back anytime soon..
4_star The crepes are a hit. Next time, I am just going to eat all the different crepes. I loved the flavors and choices. I enjoy french flavors and was impressed by the decadent choices. I was very happy but when I got to dessert they had a huge section but a lot of the same thing. Many macaroons which where soft and yummy but it was a small selection compared to other buffets on the strip. I must have either eaten too much or eaten something not good because I got sick after I ate and I rarely get sick. But all in all, I was very happy and with the groupon, I definitely got a good deal!
3_star A cute place to lounge and relax in with your friends. It's comfortable and neat. I've been here two to three times now and I've always sat on the couches with the big coffee tables. + Oh and I asked for water once and they pointed me to the little water cooler table near the door. I didn't really mind getting up to pour myself water but just something I wanted to point out. It's a bit pricy but this is the only reason I come back here: The chocolate waffles are heavenly. Also, the heart post-it message board is really cute. I remember writing messages with my friends on there back when I was in high school.
2_star Just like a lot of the other reviewers have experienced. Slow service and overcooked food. We went there because it was closer to home and wanted to get a quick meal. I ordered my burger medium rare and although it was still pink it was somehow also dry. The sweet potato fries were way overcooked and my wife's burger cooked to medium was really dry. Restaurant was half full and the food took 30 mins after ordering. Will not be returning.
2_star Yes the food is good, BUT twice i've ordered the Kimchi stew "without meat" and had to pick out little tiny pieces of pork, which makes me think they just scoop out the bigger pieces. Also, the last time I was in there one of the servers had a fresh, open, third degree burn on his arm that he acquired in the Kitchen, and he just continued serving like it ain't no thang. Which was kind of gross, to be honest.
2_star Beer. That is (was) the only reason that I ever went to Bocktown for. I'm not much of a fan of this place anymore. Let's start with the good stuff...beer. One of (if not THE) best beer selection in Robinson. They have just about every style available. Prices for beers range from acceptable to a little overpriced. Why don't I care much for this place anymore? Service and food prices (at least compared to quality, and not just from my most recent visit). SERVICE: The last time I was there was at the beginning of March. Two days after my birthday and one day after I had find out about their 'Birthday Club' and free beer or dessert on your birthday. I asked our waitress if an exception could be made (I mean it was literally two days after my birthday and, up to that point, I was a fairly regular patron). She begrudgingly said that she would go check. She came back with a somewhat snarky 'No. It HAS to be ON your birthday.' After ordering our food and drinks our waitress delivered our drinks and checked on us once after our food was brought to the table (by another server). She never asked if we wanted refills or another beer. FOOD: My wife ordered a bacon cheeseburger ($8). Another place (a chain) sells the same burger for a dollar less and my wife said that the 'cheaper' burger was a better quality burger, plus she can eat their french fries (she has a gluten intolerence and the fries need to be cooked in a dedicated fryer). I was trying to decide between the Bocktown Chicken ($14) or the Grilled Chicken Salad ($11) but after the birthday beer answer (which irked me of course), I opted for the plain salad ($6). It was basically half a bag of 'mixed greens' salad mix. Instead of a dressing, I opted for a side of spicy brown honey mustard. The only reasonable food item would be the french fries (any size). It's a decent price/quantity/quality combination.
4_star Very good food. Service very friendly. Food took a little long but worth it. Also really great prices. Happy hour everyday!
5_star Very nice and CLEAN! The food was delicious, real mexican flavors, (most of the Mexican restaurants have a very strong flavor, not pleasant). The staff was nice and friendly, I agree that they overcharge on some items comparing to other taco shops, but the food is better, the place is clean, and they offer a nice atmosphere.
2_star Came for dinner on a Monday. The good: location, atmosphere The bad: the food was awful, it was all lukewarm. 3 for 12 tiny, bland, cold tacos. Lukewarm queso fondido. The mediocre: the drinks were okay, although my first one was replaced due to a piece of hairy fibre in it...I was still charged. I would never come back here, I would never recommend.
1_star We decided to go to Applebees for a couple drinks haven't been there in a while ordered the $8 twofer ordered nachos and the sweet potato fries sweet potato fries were okay the Nacho on the other hand were horrible, that's also supposed to have green chili beef there was no meat at all on the nachos except for a bunch of fat. When I mentioned it to my waitress she was concerned she said she'll talk to her manager she came back and said sir you only get 3 ounces of meat on your nachos and I told her that's fine but it wasn't meat it was pure fat and disgusting. They took a dollar off my tab. The $3 Long Island iced teas we're OK should have just stayed with the drinks
5_star Food was very authentic and excellent! Best carne asada that I've ever had. If you live here or just visiting I highly suggest this place.
4_star I went on a date with my girlfriend here, and it was a great experience. Charming outside dining area with excellent service and a knowledgeable staff. I will say that the food was a bit overpriced, but that's to be expected in Shadyside. Great selection of fresh seafood - I had the salmon and it was delicious. Reasonably priced wine list, as well. I would recommend Casbah for a special event or if you're rolling in the $$.
4_star Outstanding customer service. The staff is extremely friendly and outgoing. The food is exceptional. I had the drunken beef and it was delicious. The Vietnamese iced coffee is also the best I've ever had. The only downside is the small space. There is not a ton of room to dine in, especially when it's very busy. However don't let this dissuade you from going! Totally worth it.
4_star Gotta be a stoner man who loves Cheech and Chong to really appreciate the atmosphere, but if you like toasty subs with a great flavor, awesome iced tea, homemade brownies, and great mac salad, you can still show up if you're an uptight honkey. I always find the people here super friendly, and it's funny to watch all the young punks and skateboarders stumble in and out.
1_star We went here in February of 2012 and let me start off with the fact that we were pretty excited! The first incident was, my friend that was with us found plastic in her mashed potatoes. At least they dealt with it there and then, like they should. My fiance ended up having the salmon for the 2nd course and got the WORST food poisoning EVER. I called to complain on his behalf the next day, and was told the manager was not in but they would call me back the next day. I never received that call back. My food was pretty good (I don't eat seafood) and the entertainment was nice, the atmosphere was very cool. But, food poisoning and finding foreign objects in your food kind of makes you wary of ever eating somewhere again...
4_star Glad to have this place in the neighborhood as there is little else around that offers the fun casual atmosphere. I have had the chicken and waffles for breakfast a couple times. The first time it was excellent, the second time not so much. Other items have been more consistent. Gripes? I love craft beer, but sometimes I like a simple light beer and I cant get one here. Also, people need to keep an eye on their children. Too many parents come to OHSO and just release their kids like it's a daycare playground.
2_star I've heard rave reviews about this place. I LOVE thai food, so I was so excited to try this out. Well, when I was ordering, the waitress asked me on a scale of 1-10 how spicy I wanted my meal (10 being the highest). I like spicy food, but not crazy, so I said 4. There was no way on this planet that my food was a 4. I could barely taste the food because it was so spicy. (Seriously....I went through both mine & my husband's glass of water since the waitress took her time to come back) Like I said before, I like spicy food, but this wasn't even remotely enjoyable.
2_star Maybe we got the wrong dishes. I got the chipotle beef rice bowl and my girlfriend got the fish tacos. The rice bowl was horrible. It was cheesy rice with beef smothered in barbecue sauce. I didn't eat very much of it. The fish tacos were OK. The sorbet served with the fruit salad tasted very good. We also got onion rings as an appetizer. Those were good as well. This might be a good happy hour place but I don't think I would suggest any one to come here for a normal dining experience. Service was OK.
5_star Everything was awesome. Olivios grill closed and this is for sure my new Greek joint. Taziki was perfect. Yellow rice was full of flavor. My roommate had extra gyro meat and he said it it was almost TOO MUCH, but it was so good he ate every bite
2_star Big Twin Peaks but very expensive beer- $9 for a Coors lite that would be no more than $6 at their other locations.
2_star Average regular street food OK overall if u r really hungry and have no other options. Friendly staff
2_star The service was ok, but the food was not what I was expecting, I always get the same thing every time I go to any jackasstors. I thought I would try this one since It was on the way but the bow tie pasta which I always get was not enjoyable what so ever. It just did not taste the way I usually always get it . As well the atmosphere was not something I enjoyed, I will definitely be taking my business elsewhere maybe to shops at don mills or downtown.
5_star Modern, refined and yet authentic Creole cuisine. I do not typically give 5-stars, but this great spot has earned it! Beautiful dishes and phenomenal service. Our waitress was fun yet professional, and expertly described the dishes. The executive chefs/owners hail from The Willows so you know they know their stuff. My friend and I started with a complimentary hushpuppie, and then shared the fried oysters, crab cakes, BBQ shrimp, and scallop dishes. Each dish was beautifully prepared with care. I particularly loved the fried oysters, which were fried in a light and satisfying batter that didn't compromise the delicate texture of the oysters. The crab cakes also get extra props for the fact that they were made of cooked down whole crab and served in a different yet equally good batter. We ended with homemade beignets - amazing! We washed down our meal with a lovely pitcher of white sangria and all for $60 pp, tax an tip included. I will definitely be back!
4_star We've eaten here on many occasions and have always had a good meal. The variety is good and the food is fresh. We eat primarily around lunch and there is always a good crowd and turnover of food in the buffet. The wait staff is also very friendly and attentive. We've eaten at many chinese buffets in the area and this is one of the nicer and consistent ones.
2_star The food was under seasoned and watery which I thought strange for a New Mexican style restaurant. The service was bad too. We are not coming back!
5_star This is such a wonderful little cafe, tucked inside a medical building! The food is good and the coffee is amazing. Service was excellent as both owners came check on us a few times, without being pushy. I will definitely go back!
4_star Yum! Roman Candle is delicious! Their red pepper and tomato soup is AMAZING! So flavorful and rich. My two favorite pizzas are The Roman Candle (spicy sauce, Italian sausage, briny banana peppers) and the barbecue chicken (BBQ sauce, green peppers, red onion, tender chicken, and optional jalapeños). I watched my beau devour a generous spinach salad that he really enjoyed. Service has always been good. Attentive, but without making you feel rushed. But seriously, get the soup!
4_star Great atmosphere and concept. Loved the decor and theme of the restaurant and the food was good. You MUST try the desert - the fried ice cream was absolutely incredible! I ate there during a work trip to the RNC, over a month ago, and just remembered that I never wrote a review. The service was good.
4_star Hands down the best Indian restaurant in Las Vegas. Rick makes me feel like an old friend as soon as I walk in the door, so my dining experience is that much more enjoyable. Cozy and relaxing decor and a menu that features staples such as tikka masala and lamb curry...and of course plenty of vegetarian and vegan selections. My goal is to try everything on the menu, but lately I've just been having Rick create a dish for me and I have yet to be disappointed. Love this place!!
1_star This place is the worst!!! We got take out from here last night and our food was undercooked and very greasy. It also did not smell too good either... won't be going here again... should have listened to my sister who said "eww" when I told her we were ordering from this place.
3_star The service was awesful! My boyfriend and I went there for a nice dinner and the food was very good but the service was the worst either of us had had. Our waitress was not personable at all. She did not bring us any water, we had to ask another waitress for some because she didn't bring us any and we didn't see her after she seated us. It took the other waitress a good 10 or so minutes to bring us water, everyone it seemed was super slow. It took them almost an hour after we ordered to bring us our 2 cups of soup and the apitizer we ordered. And when we got the apitizer she was not the one to bring it to us, 2 separate waiters did. Then she finally came and checked ok us after we had finished our apitizrs to make sure everything was ok. Then the food came a half hour later. Then, yet again, she did not check in with us until our meal was finished. When she came over to see how we were, she didn't even ask if everything was ok, just if we were ready for a to go box. Also, as we were leaving she dis not even say goodbye or havw a good night, just walked right by without a word. It was very frustrating because the food was very good, but know one one seemed to care hoe we were doing or if we needed anything. I would not go back there again because I could get the same quality food else where with better service, and to me dining out isn't just about the taste of the food, it's about the whole exerpeience, and this one was not a good one. Very disappointed.
3_star Dinner menu has changed from what is posted on their website. Went last night and couldn't find a lot that I wanted to eat since I don't eat chicken, pork, beef, bison, etc. No more NoDa Salad or Kafka burger for dinner. Orr server informed us that these items are only available for lunch. No soup offered either. I really hadn't planned on spending more than $20 but with wine ($8) and my main course which was either $16 or $18, it was a lot more. Also, when our server said bottles of wine were half-priced on Sundays, I switched from ordering a beer to a Cotes du Rhone. However, she brought a glass of wine and not a bottle of wine, and when I asked about the bottle, her response was "this was what you ordered, wasn't it?". So, she either wasn't paying attention when I ordered or just forgot by the time she ordered it since I didn't see her write it down. All in all, an OK evening. At least the weather outside was gorgeous. I probably will stick to breakfast or lunch from now on since the evening menu is now very meat heavy. No pasta options as on the previous menu. (I will certainly miss the shroom ravioli!)
5_star You must go hear if you want Cue in the Concord area. You will be full and leave happy. 'Nuff said. Oh - there might be a line. But yes the service is excellent. You can achieve meat sweats here with 1 order. Or you can take some home :). I went here for dinner with some friends - it was 4 months ago now. Should have gone back by now!
3_star Pretty good, could have used a little more spice options. I'll go back
2_star When the hype is better than the food! Burger is ok but for the price it should be way better. As we are deciding if we will have desert and coffee and more drinks the waiter says " you do know that your table as a limited time " Friend went to eat there were seated - no one brought them a menu or greeted .
4_star We enjoyed our two visits this month to Lou's Tivoli Gardens in Surprise, after we had just discovered it on Bell Rd just west of El Mirage Road. We also used to go to the location in Sun City a few years ago. We went once for breakfast and once for an early lunch. They do have several breakfast specials for $5.50 that are fine. Not fantastic, but just fine. Yes, it is a senior crowd, and that is actually kind of nice, with a quiet atmosphere where you can actually hear each other speak. The food is good and the prices are reasonable. I look forward to going again and having lunch or an early dinner next time. The do not have wifi there and actually most of their diners do not have their face locked into the face of an electronic device like a cell phone or tablet. They are actually talking to each other. Our service was good and the prices are reasonable. Seems to be a good value. We are glad they are there. It is a nice choice to include in our list of favorites. Had a small chef salad. It was a little too small. Next time I will have the full sized one, would have been worth the extra $2. They also serve a fresh and hot small loaf of bread with the meals (don't think for breakfast, though) If you don't mind that it is mostly their long-time loyal senior customers there, you will enjoy this place!
5_star My first and only time there may overinflate my opinion but this is one of my favorite places in town because it's also a venue. I got to go see Martin Sexton play live so I showed up a couple hours early. We didn't reserve a table so we got to put our feet up on couches in the lounge and they brought us our food there. I had the fish tacos and thought they were great. There was a Suns game that night so the place was packed for that as well. Very cool place.
4_star Tried it for the first time this evening and it was very good. Would have earned 5 stars, but the fries were warm, not hot. The burgers were fantastic, service was quick and friendly, could not ask for more in those areas! Will definitely be going back!
5_star I had the shrimp tostada with avocado and a watermelon agua fresca - both were fantastic! The shrimp was super fresh and had the perfect amount of pico de gallo mixed in. The avocado was perfectly ripe and the tostada was fresh and crispy. The watermelon agua was so tasty and refreshing. I can't wait to try the shrimp ceviche next time. Highly recommend!!!
4_star I really liked the atmosphere. It's warm and inviting. We sat at the bar and ordered the giant and I do mean giant guacamole. It was amazing! Such great flavor. Do give it a try. Don't let the $11 price tag scare you it's worth it. Corona's at $5 a piece? Now...that's a bit much for a Mexican restaurant. Shouldn't that be a special. Seemed a bit pricey to me. But overall I am a fan so I'll come back.
4_star I have going to Harlow's for about 6 years. I am also a Casey's person, so it's all the same people only in the daylight and with a hangover. The waitress and hot, all dark haired, wow. I introduced the girl to Harlow's right away, because that's were I go on Sunday mornings. I go in and sit at the bar. The cooks' rock, these guys are smoken fast. The service is alright, but the servers are usually slammed, so what, sit back, drink coffee and chill with that monster hangover. The food is great hangover food. Pancakes are huge, bacon is bacon but I love bacon so bacon is good. There egg dishes are good and the salsa is real good. Only four stars because it is a bit pricy, but WTF, I just drank all night, and I'm not complaining about spending $25 on solid breakfast food and tip for the girl and myself. I like Harlow's over all, it has the been there, done that but I liked it feeling
5_star We decided to come to this restaurant to celebrate a friends birthday. You could really tell it was a great establishment as soon as you walked in. First of all the customer service was impeccable amazing great can't ask for anything better they were always on point. Then the food came out and it was to die for and your plate was full can you just wanted more because it was so good. Wait there's more don't forget about the sides wow they are amazing and you got everything you wanted and if you wanted more you got more. All I can say is the food was terrific the service was impeccable the restaurant was nice and clean. the restroom was kept very spotless and the dessert was amazing we had a fabulous time and we will be back.
1_star Busy Friday night at BWW so I walk in with two of my friends. We get to the desk to talk to the hostess, her name tag reads "Lil Bit". So she took my name and number and informed us that it would be a 25-30 minute wait. I looked to the other two in my party to confirm if we wanted to stay or not and she looks right through us to the next people in line. It was 10 seconds max. Incredibly rude. Now I do love the food but was very put off by this young woman's attitude. I understand that it was a busy night but there's a difference between efficiently serving customers and hurrying people through without consideration. "Lil Bit" needs a courtesy lesson.
2_star Pros: menu is standard American interpretation (meaning it'll be familiar to most everyone) and prices not bad, OMB Copper and Bell's Two Heart on tap a big plus, service was friendly (from several people), Cons: pasta overcooked (angel hair is wicked but that is why you need to work hard to get it right), service inexperienced (server had to ask three times, just write it down!), tomato "hummus" tasted more like paste, "manager" came to the table and asked us if there was anything wrong with our meal- before we were served- and then never returned? Most telling- when asked what he recommended, the server did not say pizza!
3_star been here once, nothing special, does not seem scandinavian at all the drink is imported from the us.... they sell scones like everywhere else, etc.... but they were friendly and its a cozy cafe
5_star Nobuo cuisine is spectacular! Went on Sunday and the quality of the food was incredible . The sea bass and the short run special were very very good. The pork belly wrapped in banana leaf was literally the best tasting dish I've had since my mothers home cooking. I think I actually teared up after experiencing that dish! People of Phoenix do yourself a favor a eat here!
1_star How does this joint stay in business?!?! I've never actually eaten there because of the incredibly rude and seemingly incompetent staff. My second attempt was today. After order a roll and waiting twenty minutes to be served, I approached counter to let the server know that I would not be waiting any longer (I took a second to look at the grill - there was zero sign of my roll being prepared). The server was on the phone - when I told him that I was leaving after he paused his conversation for a second - he said "Yeah yeah yeah" dismissingly. Please do not waste your time, energy or money on this establishment. They do not deserve it.
1_star Worst dining experience ever! We waited for our food for 2 hours with no explanation of why it was taking so long. There was not a manager in sight the entire time either. We finally got too hungry and asked to pay for our drinks and left to go to paninis next door.
2_star I really wanted to like Earth since we're in the neighbourhood and eat local, organic as much as possible. When I found a groupon to try out the 4 course prix fixe, we were sold! The restaurant is beautifully decorated and the service was good but the food was not executed properly. It's almost as though the dishes are good in theory/concept but the taste is off (either too bland, too salty). I can only compare it to a first year culinary student's efforts. We left feeling disappointed and will likely not go again.
1_star We stayed at the stratosphere and saw an ad in the elevator. The food was mediocre at best. A horrible value for the quality of food served. When the food came out it looked nothing like the picture, lets just say thank god for photoshop because the food did not do the pictures justice.
2_star Pizza was wonderful; however, management needs to get it together. I went to pick up my pizza when it was supposed to be ready and had to wait another 10 minutes because there was ONE person working (cooking, taking phone calls, running the cash register, etc.). The guy working did a great job, was apologetic, and really is a rock star. I assume at least one person was making deliveries, but having one person at the store is just not enough on a Saturday.
2_star Okay, so I admit that my first mistake was ordering a veggie burger at Double D --obviously not their forte, but hey it's on the menu so they could try to make it good. The truth is, this place had been taunting me to enter for months, so late one night I finally took the plunge. The veggie burger was, in short, gross. It was really slimy and smelled like it had been fried in beef fat but aside from the rank of beef it was bland with an off-putting texture. Even worse were the fries. I think they may have come from frozen but either way they were cut way too thick so they just crumbled into dry, tasteless potato chunks upon tooth contact. There are few things that annoy me more than diners that pride themselves on greasy food yet cannot make a decent french fry! Determined to make the most of my meal, I requested ketchup and was given a blank stare of indifference before I finally received a bottle fifteen minutes later. I get it that the 'too cool for you' service is all part of the act but c'mon, give a girl some ketchup. If anything can redeem Dangerous Dan's, it has to be the milkshakes. Get the Elvis, it is damn good.
4_star Love having a healthy option around -- the drive-thru is very convenient and the food was great. I tried the Greek salad and would highly recommend.
5_star Went for a late night drink with my wife and we sat at the bar. We had the garlic fries and a couple IPAs. Great vibe, good food (our app was great), we will definitely be back for a traditional meal.
5_star OMG! one of the best burgers in the city. .. this will date me but the only thing that comes to mind when I eat a Burger's Priest burger is..it tastes like what a McDonalds burger use to taste like when I was a kid, and Mickey D's use to have real meat, and they actually use to COOK the burger from scratch in the store on a real flat grill... the best thing is they will let you have your burger any way you want, you can even ask for NO SALT.. I LOVE LOVE LOVE Burger's Priest.. and even better I love the wall of grease across the road from the original location on Queen east, you have to check it out it's the funniest thing ever..you know it's a good burger if it's left it's mark across the street along the sidewalk ...I would Highly recommend having a Burger at this place..you won't be disappointed ..
1_star This location is a total disgrace. I stopped in here to check out the dining room renovations and grab a quick sandwich, and I was not impressed. The new dining room is modern looking but very cramped and uncomfortable, and the service is some of the worst I have ever experienced at a fast food restauant. There were only a few orders ahead of mine, and what should have been a 3 or 4 minute wait at most turned into 15 minutes for them to make one sandwich. Workers were standing around the whole time doing nothing and looking completely dumb and clueless, staring helplessly at the computer screens in front of them. I am not exaggerating, it was that bad. Avoid this location at all costs.
3_star We went here on a pretty slow weekday night. The food was amazing. They had a ramen menu as well. Between that and the regular menu the variety of options offered here is perfect. We ordered the tonkatsu ramen, the flavor was very good, noodles weren't over cooked. We also had a custom burger, the duck buns, French fr
4_star Inventive cocktail creations complete with offerings of trusty classics. Enjoyed my Murray Hill cocktail as a lighter, effervescent and less tomatoey version of a Bloody Mary. We got shareable beginner plates, including the chicken wings, prosciutto wrapped shrimp, pierogies, and crab cakes. Each were coupled with interesting sauces (whipped blue cheese on the wings) or aoili that I unashamedly fork fed in my mouth once food was all gone. Crab cakes were fresh and paired with an aioli that had a perfect kick to it.
1_star Just the worse toilet ever. Takes you literally an hour to take a piss. As soon as you get through the line you notice that there are three toilets unused
1_star Avoid this restaurant at all costs. This is probably the worst place you can go to if you expect any type of service. They have an all you can eat menu however they limit how many pieces of food you can order. For example you are only allowed one piece of lamb chop per order (that's two bites) and can only order another one after you have finished eating it. Also you should expect to wait 15 to 20 minutes between orders. They seem to do that purposely to make you waste your appetite. Absolutely horrible experience... Tried it three times and it was consistently bad... Will never go there again.
3_star Their price for lunch is good ($14.99) but there is no sashimi on the lunch menu and the rolls are average. I didn't even go for a second round. I would say one of my least favourite ayce sushi places I've tried so far. Their green tea ice cream was the highlight.
1_star Horrible service. Horrible food. Not enough servers. We were hungry. So, we went to there for lunch. Friend and I ordered 2 burgers. One was with fried egg sunny side up, and the other was plain. Both were ordered medium. We had to wait 5 minutes until a server can get our drink order. Another long wait for 2 waters and sodas. And, another long wait until she can get our food order. After a long wait for our food, we thought it might be tasty. Mine was ok. But, the other burger was crap. The egg was not sunny side up, it was fried. The burger meat was rare and cold. When we notified our server after another long wait, the server argued with us that is how medium is done at their place. After this argument, they gave us replacement burger, the patty was at medium. But, the egg was not sunny side up again. How can they screw up an egg order, I don't know. The price is not worth the crap service and crap food. Avoid this place. Better bet is MCD in circus circus.
1_star 11/21/17 we went to Lamp Caffe as Lamp Pizza was a 45 minute wait. At 6:30 on a Tues evening cafe was mostly empty. We ordered 2 pasta dishes, 1 pizza, 1 Caesar salad and 1 entree salad. As tables filled up around us, they received their food before we did. Upon asking our waitress where our food was, the answer was "I'll check on it" but with no answer. Some food finally arrived after an interminable time. Caesar salad never arrived. Pizza was so overlooked it was inedible, 1 pasta dish arrived at no better than room temperature and was sent back. We asked for bread & butter- it never arrived. Most of the surrounding tables were served and left before we received our meals. Manager never came over. Lamp Pizza owners should shut this satellite down before it adversely affects their reputation. First and last time for us at Lamp Cafe. Neither the service nor the food could even be considered acceptable. If there was a no star rating, that is what we would rate the cafe at. Never Again!
2_star I ordered delivery from Campus Biryani, and it's been two hours and counting. All I ordered was falafel and samosas. I won't be ordering again.
5_star I have been hearing about Gaucho's for the past 2 years but only recently had an opportunity to go there. Wow! It was delicious. I had the fish sandwich and then, a week later, had the steak sandwich. This is definitely in my top 5 go-to places for anyone visiting Pittsuburgh.
2_star Terrible table management. The girl in the striped shirt seated 2 couples who have been waiting in line for 20 mins while our group has waited for 45 mins, when she could have pushed tables together to fit for a large group. This place isn't great for large groups of 6 or more. But the food smells amazing. Please teach your staff how to seat your customers.
2_star I was here a few months ago while touring ASU. The breakfast was extremely disappointing... The blueberry pancakes had no blueberries in them... just the square shaped artificial ones (probably Krusteaz from a box). I overheard the guy in the booth next to us say "my eggs look like semen". Needless to say, I lost my appetite a few minutes later when my own breakfast arrived, only to see the whites in my over-medium eggs were undercooked, and yes, looked exactly liked semen. Plus, it was kinda pricey for 2 people. I've had better. Go to I-hop.
1_star I have been here a lot in the past and never had an issue but went here the other night and the guys at the door would not let me in. He said I was wearing improper footwear to enter the bar. I was wearing black shoes that were in decent shape and I say many other people getting in with no issues. I asked to talk to the manager and I was told there was no manager on duty. I was not impressed at all and will not be going back to this location.
3_star Really cute atmosphere. They have outside seating so you can people watch on the strip. Counter service. They have a greeting while u waiting in line that enthusiastically friendly. The food- burgers have quality ingredients. The bread is flavorful and soft. The bacon is cooked to perfection. The cherry peppers contrast in flavor. The meat has that perfect sear. They have refile crinkle cut fries. We got them with cheese sauce that was ok. Their milkshakes are made with real ice cream. Locals, I wouldn't drive across town for it, but if you're on the strip, definitely check it out.
5_star I brought a Dominican with me along with and 2 other gringos. I have studied in DR and know the food pretty good. Food here was amazing and no issues with service, like some of the other posts said. We will definitely return.
1_star I'm not sure how to give minus 1 star here but I will give you details and you can decide for you self. I went here recently on a Sunday night and I like to make reservations since the yelp reviews said it was small and very busy. I showed up 10 minutes ealry and they claim I did not make reservations or called the wrong location. I used the yelp app and it loads the phone number automatically. After the older lady rudely said I never called he offered me a table with a condition of me leaving at 8. We place our order. since it was busy the food came out very slow. Instead of prioritizing our order so we can leave ealier it was in the regular que. Our food arrived at 7:36 and I ate as fast as I could but the next table (table of 8 so they need the booth in the back coner) was standing there watching us eat which was uncomfortable. So I asked for a take out box and left Instead of transferring us to another open table or the sushi bar which by the way was empty. Service -1 Food- 2/5 average at best. I eat regularly at yangs or sushi on 7 which has equal quailty but they are a ayce buffet I order one of the boats. Atmosphere 2/5 with a hundred sushi joint to chose from ...why not drive 10 minutes to markham and get comparable ayce sushi or quility a la carte 20 minutes away in newmarket Ask the owner to contact me personal to discuss if you like. I eat out quite often and had better service at a cheap dim sum on a public holiday.
5_star Another 5 Star at Bellagio. Excellent sushi and the spicy miso is wonderful. Price is inline with Vegas 5 Star. $$$
2_star I really like the ambience here, so I'll probably be back for drinks. But the food is awful. My burger wasn't cooked right, suffered from too much grease (and resulting sogginess), and the garnish was mostly composed of a GARGANTUAN lettuce butt. It really peeved me to think that a person with any cognitive abilities at all would slap that on a burger. Two thumbs WAY down.
4_star Burritos and quesadillas were fantastic. Chicken was perfectly cooked. Agree with others that the guacamole was not the best, although not horrible either. Staff was very friendly. They also deliver in the area with a $15 minimum which is an added bonus if you live nearby.
5_star Very tasty food for a good price...Israeli/Middle-Eastern menu...something worth trying; hummus with hot mushrooms and rainbow trout.
1_star Horrible buffet and customer service! They charge a 2 year old child who doesn't eat crab $30, which is ridiculous. The quality of the food has gone down, no gelato.
1_star We haven't been to one in years, we were sadly disappointed. Our burgers were still pretty pink in the middle, and with 4 children, that was not a good thing. Fries were cold, our food sat in the window for the longest time because they couldn't figure out if our order was ready or not. Not impressed with the place at all.
1_star Horrible service. They messed up on my food and refuse to fix it. In addition to that non of them speak English well enough to resolve issues instead they just want to argue with you. I told the lady who took my order 5 times to make sure my chicken is well done. The chicken was not well done and I checked it in front if the delivery boy. Who does not speak a word of English. I will never waste my lunch time on these idiots again.
3_star I had not been here in quite awhile, but i saw the happy hour deals and my wife and I decided to give it a try. On the good side, service was great, the calamari appetizer was excellent and we enjoyed the discounted wine. On the minus side, my wife ordered her steak medium rare and emphasized the rare part and still received a mefium to medium well steak. Very disappointing for a steak place. I took a chance and had the thai pizza. It had some nice flavors but was bone dry. Just some tangy sauce would have made it. So, disappointing for us. I truly expected better.
4_star I've been to Circle H twice, plan on going again and have high hopes for its success. They seem to be having start-up glitches that are frustrating to a customer like not having menu items and having dressing missing from a salad I got as take-out. However, the food was pretty darn good. I have had the Southwest Sandwich which was a smoky, citrus marinated chicken. Very good. The pulled pork sandwich was fantastic as are the freshly cut french fries. The bread pudding is less dense than what I've had before but was very tasty and something I would probably order every time. A few more weeks of operation will probably bring more consistency to the food availability and prep. I can imagine that it is difficult in the early days to judge how many servings of items you will need without incurring too much waste. The owner and the young man who was hosting were both upbeat and a joy to speak with...something the a few of the staff could emulate to create a more inviting atmosphere. That being said, I have to thank the owner and all of the staff for bringing such tasty food to the neighborhood. Our family really appreciates it.
4_star Amazed by the variety of choices. Dim sum is available. Tasty and authentic. The only concern is the unsanitary look.
4_star I have been to Roman Bistro twice, once for take out and the other time to eat in. The menu has many options all at reasonable prices. They also have daily specials, that are often made of premium ingredients (seafood, etc.) that are a bit more expensive. My favourite things I have ordered are: * the Roman Bistro (cesar) salad, lots of good bacon and chunks of parm. * the focaccia, like mini pizzas, very delicious * the veal sandwiches, very filling. The service is a bit slow both for takeout and in restaurant, but well worth it for the delicious food. I will definitely be going back to Roman Bistro.
2_star Neither the food, nor the service is what it used to be. Tried red curry, which was not close to what I had tasted. It was so bland, that I asked for some spicy sauce. Surprisingly they even charged us 50 cents for red sauce. The waitress was quite rude. The sticky rice was half cooked ! Not sure if the cook or the management changed. The bubble tea tasted like the Oreo milk shake. People in Cleveland should really get their taste buds checked. This restaurant is not worth 4/5 stars!
1_star So, I went to Portland Variety a week ago for my birthday. 2 of the cocktails I ordered off the menu were quite good as well as the food. After the second drink, I kinda put my trust in my server and the bartender and asked for a recommendation on a spirit-forward cocktail using either bourbon, rye, or mezcal. I ended up receiving a Bourbon Sour, which is pretty far from a spirit-forward cocktail for which I kindly asked about. The server was kind enough to take it back and get me another drink. He comes by saying they'll make me a "Bourbon Smash" but I'm not entirely clear on what it is. When I receive the drink, I notice immediately it wasn't what I asked for. Breaking down the ingredients of my drink in my head, it seems that they just added basil, dropped in some ice, shook it up and effectively recycled the rest of my previous drink. I didn't see it happen because I don't watch the staff cook/bartend as I trusted them to handle it but they insulted my intelligence by recycling what I just sent back. Based on that, I cannot recommend this place.
3_star The food and service here is acceptable. Nothing to write home about but for the prices what could you expect? It's nice to order food here every now and then.
2_star While I will continue to eat at this establishment, I will only do so because it is the closet Chicago food place near my work, otherwise I would completely avoid this place due to its outrageous pricing. There are better tasting and cheaper options all over the valley.
1_star Just terrible. I used to love Chili's - it was pretty decent for a chain restaurant. But no more. The skillet queso was thick, badly flavored mush with some kind of mystery meat. There was no cheese in evidence. The server was argumentative when we told him we did not like the queso, but he did take it off the bill, replacing it with a charge for chips and salsa. The vegetables in the fajitas were an amalgam of totally uncooked and burnt with a very bitter taste. They brought the tortillas out 5 minutes before the actual fajitas, so the tortillas were cold when the meal came. And the accompaniments were just tiny dabs of things on a small plate. Definitely gone down hill.
1_star We were told it would be twenty minute wait. It was an hour. Food is fine but they need to be more up front on the wait time. It got better, there was food stuck to the menu and one of our party was served tea in a glass with a crack.
2_star Small and cramped location. We waited 10 minutes for a table when there were 3 empty. The menu was limited and execution was disappointing. They seemed to be trying so hard to be cool and trendy that they forget to make good food. I won't be be back. Veggie burger was depressing, fries cold, beer warm, and onion rings covered in a wildly large amount of oil.
3_star This place is filled to the brim with character and will satisfy if its cheap, greasy, indulgent eats you seek. Taking a step back from the hype though, I'd like to offer an alternative opinion. When you think about it, the food really is unhealthy and there's probably more people eating here more regularly than they should. Its cool and retro, but underneath the vintage blue-collar, immigrant atmosphere there is a sadness here.
1_star I have been to the Hoosier Cafe twice. The first time I went it wasn't bad. However, the last time my husband and I went it was horrible. We both ordered buscuits and gravy and coffee. We both were so disappointed with our meals we sent them back. We never do this, but it was unedible! The gravy had no flavor and tasted like jellied milk. The coffee was also quite horrible, it tasted like dirty water. I then ordered blueberry pancakes and my husband ordered blueberry waffles. I really should have sent these back as well. The blueberries tasted rotten. Needless to see we will NEVER be returning here and wasting our money again!
3_star Cool theme for a cocktail bar with icy bar & good drinks. A little pricey but they honored my gf's yelp deal without complaint. Staff was friendly and attentive. Atmosphere was pretty quiet compared to nearby clubss but it was a Monday. Excellent vodka selection. Would recommend coming back on the weekend.
5_star This is the place for breakfast and brunch slash comfort food. Every week they have a unique flavor of potted bread which is offered as a side to most entrees. I like the omelette selection. The wait staff is attentive and very nice. At peak hours there's usually a short 15-30min wait for a table. I like to burn time at Dead Poets Used Bookstore also located in the same strip mall.
1_star I have been here three separate times since the opening less than two weeks ago, specifically for two different loaves of bread that had been recommended by friends, and I was excited to try each. Every time the service is extremely slow, but I understand the process is a little slower for better quality food from scratch. I've been satisfied with the food itself but each time I have been, the customer service has progressively been worse. Today was the breaking point and I have already contacted management. I went through the drive through today for the first time and someone named Vesta (even though my receipt says Kaydon, so I am assuming she lied to me?) was absolutely horrible. I got to the window and started to ask what the loyalty card was that I had been given my previous trip (no one ever explained it to me). She rolled her eyes and stuck up her pointer finger without saying a word apparently to shush me? Then took my cards out of my hand and closed the window without a word. I was frustrated by this but held my tongue. When she gave me back my cards I started to ask again, and AGAIN she simply closed the window without even an acknowledgement that I had spoken. When she finally brought out my food almost a full 5 minutes later, I was fed up and told her that I had tried to ask her a question twice and I don't appreciate being ignored. I asked her what her name was and she hesitated, then told me it was "Vesta". I told her I would be contacting her manager and she laughed, said "thanks" sarcastically, and proceeded to close the window and refused to open it again. Long story short, the food is pretty good when they haven't run out of certain breads half way through the day, BUT the service is horrible. "Vesta", you need to learn that your customers are your most valuable asset. Without them you wouldn't be working. So try a littler harder next time, because you never know who the next person may be that you mistreat!
2_star Holy Salt!!!!!! My god I couldn't eat my meal it was so salty. The shredded chicken was literally saltier than the ocean... Gross... The server was cool though. And my Bloody Mary was good. Drink here don't eat...
2_star The food is okay but there drive thru is hell! No cars in line and I've been waiting for over 25mins. That's bs in my opinion. It defeats the whole purpose of a drive thru. People that go through a drive thru expected to be quick. I hope they read this and step up their game because the food isn't that bad
3_star There are a lot of die-hard Monical's fans in town who swear it's the best pizza ever. It's almost a religion. I have to disagree. While I do appreciate the variety of toppings, which are great, I don't like the crust. I am usually a thin crust person, but I like a crispy crust, whereas this crust is very chewy and often tough. I have actually added a star to this place for the red dressing alone. This stuff is really great on the salads, although it does turn your mouth/lips red so there has to be some serious dye added. I have seen folks use it as a dipping sauce for their pizza. To me, though, a good pizza does not need a dipping sauce.
2_star I've been wanting to try this restaurant for a while now and finally made it out for Arizona Restaurant Week. Unfortunately I did not have a good experience. The waiter my partner and I had was so unattentive. After we were seated we had to specifically ask for the restaurant week menus since they weren't provided to us to make sure we were only charged the special price for Restaurant Week. Not once throughout our entire meal did our waiter come by to refill our drinks and we were never offered a bread basket that all of our surrounding tables were provided by other waiters. It took forever to get our food while parties that were seated after us were receiving their meals before us. We both ordered the pina colada cake dessert it took over twenty minutes for us to receive our cake slices. Food was okay, service was horrible.
4_star This is my second time at scaddabush. I remember the first time was a good experience. This time....was also good! Our waiter was very friendly and helpful. Food was yummy as well. We ordered the carbonara pasta, a pizza, and a few sides. The carbonara was pretty good. There was an egg on top, but it didn't feel like there was egg in the sauce (and thus I felt it was not creamy enough). Pizza was alright. The side dishes were good except for the rosemary fries. I thought that there could've been more rosemary flavour to it. (Note: after we finished the fries, we then realized that the seasonings were all on the bottom of the bowl the fries came with!! So, hint: toss your fries before you devour!). We also had one of the salads (the Tuscan salad?) and it was very flavourful. All in all, dinner at Scaddabush was a good experience! The setting was nice and seating was comfortable. One small thing I would've liked: complimentary bread!! ;)
1_star So, don't even bother opening up the popcorn shrimp... all you will find is UNCLEANED shrimp, still needed to be devained... bleh. And as for their garlic bread... It's not even toasted.. Not sure if that's usually how they do it.. or if I was just unlucky. Pesto was fine... I guess, paid extra for chicken, and got tiny chicken bits. and, the bowl looked awful, but after getting past the sight, there was SOME flavor. Garlic fries are just their regular fries with minced garlic. this is a never again go to place.
1_star Go to Joe's Diner if you want good food because they've got it. Especially breakfast, which is excellent. Everything I've tried at this place (and their original 16th St. location) has been great. It's not cuisine, it's diner food and it's done right. On the other hand, if you also value good service with your delicious chow, forget this place. On previous visits, the service has often been spotty, but it's easy to cut them some slack because the food's good and, after all, it's a diner. This morning I spent an hour and ten minutes sitting at Joe's counter, with only about 20 minutes devoted to actual eating. And I never got a second cup of coffee. After the folks sitting next to me -- who came in after I did -- received their food, I flagged down another employee to inquire. Apparently, the server failed to give my order to the kitchen. Eventually, my breakfast bowl arrived, hot, delicious and, maybe even worth the wait. The server mumbled an apology for its lateness but had to be asked to provide me with utensils. About that coffee: The personable young woman who took my order was careful to explain that they were out of their special cups for decaf drinkers, so I should watch out in case someone tried to give me a refill with regular. Indeed, the VERY SAME SERVER came back to me later with regular coffee and tried to put it in my cup. As instructed, I stopped her and said I was drinking decaf. My cup remained empty and that was the last I saw of my server. And this was the last time I'll visit Joe's. Great eats just aren't worth the aggravation of being ignored.
5_star Unbelievable. No words to describe the magnitude of this place. Food's divine. View's divine. So romantic. Expensive, yes, but sooo worth it. Try the Chilean Sea Bass if you ever get the chance. OMG. Almost brought me to tears.
5_star This was my first time trying Egyptian food and it was amazing! Came here with my whole family after a long day exploring Montreal and everybody agreed on how delicious the food was. The most memorable for me were the falafel (vegan option for sister- very yummy, especially with the sauce) and the Hawawshi (so dang amazing, my mouth is watering right now just thinking about it. The minced beef was spiced to perfection and the flatbread was nice and crunchy. Each bite was happiness.) The service was very prompt as well. The server was very nice and answered all of our questions with patience and thoughtfulness. I will definitely eat here again the next time I'm in Montreal!
5_star M and my husband have been here multiple times because of my allergies . Every time I come for dinner we are always welcomed by the friendly faces that work there . The food is just amazing I'm never disappointed. The Mac and cheese sings to my soul . It's my favourite dish. I also take my friends who don't have an allergy there . They all rave about the Mac and cheese . I just really enjoy going into a restaurant where I can relax and know that I'm not going to get sick and my allergy Is no problem here . Also try the cakes!
4_star I was there in November 2009, what a great little place! It's laid out like a shotgun house, long and narrow, and it fills up pretty quickly at night, but if you appreciate industrial spaces, exposed brick, etc., you'll really dig the vibe at this place. Plus, they had the Great Lakes Christmas Ale on tap, just when other places were running dry of it, so it got extra points for that! Calamari is pretty good, service was excellent. If i had one criticism, it's that the place is bit *too* dark, even for a bar -- but very clean!
5_star Awesome burger; perfect tacos and also the grilled sandwiches are pretty good! In addition to that they have the best fries!!! Prices are very reasonable!!
2_star Disappointed - Everyone makes a mistake at some point. The way that mistake is handled sets the average apart from the exceptional. Rachel's handled the mistake in an average fashion. We ordered an Acai Bowl, Fruit Bowl, Protein Scramble, coffee, and orange juice. We sat and waited. Then the Scramble was brought out. The server asked if we needed anything else and we said, "We are still waiting for the fruit and Acai." A few minutes later, fruit was brought out. Then we asked for the Acai. She asked who took our order, we told her, and she left. A few more minutes later she returns to tell us the Acai Bowl was not ordered and that I would need to come in to pay for it. Upon ordering the Acai, I had to ask for a discount or some gesture for the inconvenience. She said, "We don't offer discounts." I know differently, but I just went along with it. Then it hit me: I just paid $30 (and have been paying that much) for a simple breakfast at a place I've been coming to for quite some time. And, they don't value my patronage. So, not only will I find another breakfast place, I will no longer order their catering for my office lunches, and I will be sure to let my friends (and Yelp) know that this is not a place worthy of their patronage. Note to the reader: while I read reviews on yelp all the time, this is the first time I have ever been compelled to write a negative review. That aught to say something...
1_star This place was TERRIBLE. Of all the Mexican restaurants in El Mirage / Surprise, this is easily the worst. I got the carne asada, and it tasted like they took a flank steak straight from the freezer to the grill with no stopping for seasoning or tenderizing. Chips were cold and unsalted, the salsa tasted like watered down ketchup, the Rice and Beans were inedible, and the Ice Tea tasted like it had sat all day to sour. PLEASE PLEASE, go to Las Fuentes, Rio Mirage, or even the drive through Humberto's next to City Hall before you go here. I'm a 5th generation native Arizonan, and I don't think I've ever had worse Mexican food in my life.
1_star As soon as we walked up to the bar the bar tender came over and was immediately very rude. He rejected my id and made us move away from the bar. He then looked at my friends Id and said this is not you even though we had her sister with the same last name at the table. He continued to be very rude and did not offer an apology for his mistake, nor did he engage in any sort of conversation.
1_star I would have given this place a "Zero" on the ratings but one is the minimum. There were cockroaches all over the place and the customer service was EPIC FAIL!? Them people that works there don't know how to greet customers properly. The lady at the buffet counter asked me "Rice?" in a rude tone, and she didn't even greet me then after like 2 seconds she went ahead and put 2 cups of rice on my plate without me saying anything to her. Wtf was that all about? This place seriously s*cks a**! I can't imagine how their kitchen would look like.. How the f do they pass their inspection every six months?! I don't recommend going to this place at all. God knows what they did with those food they serve there (and cockroaches crawling everywhere...) Worst goldilocks ever. I will pray for their souls..
1_star I called and placed an order by phone so that I will save time, pick up the food and be on my way home. When I got there, the person whom I talked with on the phone asked me again what my orders were and just put it in the system as I was repeating it to her. Long story short, they made me wait for 30 minutes because it was so busy that day. What's the point of calling ahead if you still have to wait that long? Aside from that, the quality of food served was subpar. The fruits were not that fresh. The bananas on the pancake were already turning blackish and the strawberries were already wilted. The spinach omelette I ordered was not an omelette, it's just a fried scrambled egg with blanched spinach on it. An omelette is suppose to be a scrambled egg with all the other ingredients mixed with it, before frying it. Will never be back again. Horrible food and service. I would give a negative number of star if only it's allowed.
5_star If you are in Las Vegas and looking for a great steakhouse this is the place! I had the 14oz NY Strip and it was unbelievably delicous. The staff is extremely polite and the service is second to none.
4_star Great value. Sushi is always fresh and delivery is prompt. Recommend to anyone in the area!
2_star The sushi here is actually pretty good but in the two times dining in, the service was very slow and the orders were wrong. As for carryout, don't bother. I have ordered 5 carryout orders and all were either wrong or not even submitted to the kitchen when I arrived 30 min later. This is one of the only sushi places in the area but I drive to Sakana instead due to the poor service here. Bummer when the food is pretty good.
2_star One word. Disappointed. Good looking interior, and even had some of the old tables from the original Zorbas. I ordered my food and waited to pay. The cashier left to take orders, and the line started backing up. The fifteen minute wait time would be forgivable if the fries weren't old, overcooked, and the portions of meat, small. There was literally 30-40 people crammed into this place ordering food and still got bad french fries... Green St. never really had good quality food, but there is a disturbing trend of places like Beef Stand and Sliders charging EXPENSIVE prices for college students and making subpar food. Nero's on university charges about the same price for what I got, and their fries are fresh and hot, give you huge portions on gyro meat and have it cooked well. The only thing I paid for was the convenience of eating on Green St. As a college student, and someone who works summers and breaks to pay for food during the year, I'm looking for a DEAL or at the very least, willing to pay the price for good food. All I got was something overpriced and meh.
3_star Had a flyer that was left on my door, so I decided to try it for delivery. Delivery was a little slow and the driver couldn't figure out how to punch a code into the gate. In order from best to worst: 1. Special Fried Rice. Rice was delicious and flavorful and all the proteins were cooked perfectly. 2. Egg Roll - very good. Delivery time made it not quite as crispy as in the restaurant, however. 3. Chicken Lo Mein - the chicken was dry and tough, but the noodles and sauce were delicious. 4, "Crab" Puffs. I put the word crab in quotes as this is what they call it. However, there wasn't a SHRED of crabmeat in ANY of the puffs. I was cream cheese stuffed into a wonton and fried. If I hadn't ordered this last dish, this restaurant probably would have received a higher rating.
4_star Quality offering at a reasonable price? Check. Burgers fresh and cooked the way they were meant be cooked? Check. Great fries- 2 kinds no less? Check. This is a tweener restaurant-perfect for a great casual dinner. Not too expensive. Not cheap and greasy. Just right for that one day of the week when you want something in between. Enjoy.
2_star Went in there today to get some Torrone - an Italian tradition in our house. There was one other person in the store, being helped by the gentleman (I assume Niccoli). In the past, I have spoken to him and he is very nice. However, the woman behind the counter was ignoring everyone. I had cash in one hand, my box of Torrone in the other and I couldn't get her attention to take my money. After waiting way too long, I put the box back and walked out. Shameful - to lose a $14.00 sale because of laziness.
3_star Stuck in the world between fast food and restaurant it's good for what it is. The food is solid but the prices a little high. I also find it very cheap to charge for drink refills.
5_star I have to say - while at first I was taken aback by Madison's Restaurant Muramoto reverting back to their old menu, I had to find another place to get Japanese food that wasn't sushi (I actually hate fish and seafood believe it or not). This place did EXACTLY that - if not, even more. Get any of the yakitori and finish with the spicy miso ramen. SO GOOD!
5_star First time being there, and it was delicious. Had the Si Señor Special which was fantastic. The enchilada was my favorite part of the dish. The service was great, and quick. Overall good experience and I would definitely go back.
1_star So noisy we could not have a conversation. Asked to be moved. There was a table available but not for us. No accommodation made. We left. Won't return.
4_star My expectations were a little low based on the reviews and 3 star rating. I'm glad we decided to give it a try anyways. The food was great. I had the grilled fish tacos and they were up there with some of the best I've had and are under $10! My husband had the brisket burger and liked it. The kids meals are well priced. We also tried the meat lovers pizza as an appetizer and it was good. We will definitely go back. I would have given 5 stars, however for a new restaurant I'd like to see a more exciting menu, items are a little boring and same you'd see at any burger restaurant.
4_star American food. They can make the kimchi fried rice less spicy, right? I wasn't expecting actual tater tots in the bulgogi tater tot special.
4_star Pleasantly surprised with the food , tacos were delicious, beer was cold . Service was ok, our waitress disappear at one point but she made it up giving us fresh hot chips to go with our left over guacamole haha We will be back! Taco Tuesday for sure!!
3_star Found La Maree on our first night in Montreal. The menu looked good and though it's a touristy location, we liked the outdoor seating and the view. We had excellent service, with great recommendations from our waiter. Weren't terribly hungry, so each got soup and split the scallops entree - they were amazing. Seriously, some of the best scallops I've ever had. Nice view, good food. Nice way to kick-off a good trip.
4_star tastes like all the other noodles and companies. 3 levels of seating which is cool. I'm just visiting Madison so don't go if you're visiting too bc it's nothing special!
5_star Superb pastries and great sandwiches especially like Blackbird bread , Chocolate chip cookie wwas to die for!
5_star I have never been to a restaurant with such KIND people! The woman stocking the salad bar was so friendly when we walked in, the woman at the register helped talk us through everything with a smile, and the guy walking around giving out cookies is making sure everyone is happy. Wow!
5_star My wife and I went here today for a good steak dinner and of course the Blooming Onion. Well the onion was great but the steaks were over cooked. Everything else was fine. We have been here numerous times and never had an issue. That said, everyone makes mistakes. We did not complain but the waitress realized we were less then satisfied. She told the owner and he came to see what the issue was. He asked how we ordered them and he agreed that they were not right. He said he would take them off our bill and offered us another steak, we declined and told him he didn't need to do that. He responded "I'm the owner and i can do what i want." Now that is costumer service. Very rare these days. Thank you sir and we will continue to frequent your fine establishment. I highly recommend this Outback Steakhouse.
4_star This is great place to eat. Fist time there and I had dip sandwich, it was awseome. second time the prk belly was very salty I coudn't eat. Third was dinner and it was pretty good. i will go back for sure and try some different plates. Chef Marc had come around my first time there and thought that was very nice to know the owner comes out to check on customers. I would have given 4.8 stars if I could.
4_star Had a decent lunch here where we ordered a Pad Thai and a Thai style noodle. Both items came relatively quick and the owners were extremely friendly and accommodating as well. The pad Thai came with a decent portion and was pretty authentic, with noodles that were textured just right. The Thai style noodle basically is a rare beef noodle in Tom yum soup. The bill came to around 18. Overall I'll definitely visit again if I'm craving pho in the area as I do think they're better than some of the other pho chain restaurants around
3_star There are some dishes that are just terrible, like the "water-boiled beef" that looks and tastes nothing like the real thing. However, the good dishes are consistently good. Stick with the popular dishes and you will always have a decent meal here.
3_star I love me some BBQ. I came upon H&H because my cousin mentioned it and since I wanted some BBQ I wanted to try this new place out. It's near the K-Mart on Rancho. The menu looked pretty good but for some reason the fried catfish dinner was calling my name and not so much the BBQ. But I got the best of both worlds since my bf ordered the brisket dinner plate. I did love the catfish, it was battered just right not too salty and not too bland. The dinner did come with two sides and corn bread, I got the mac n cheese and the fried okra. The mac n cheese was okay it was too dry for me and the fried okra was yummy. The corn bread it came with didn't taste like anything at all...they need some work with that. As for the brisket that I tried it was very flavorful.
3_star I mean great wings, dry rub and original are the best. Dive bar with clean tables. Buuuut I've been here twice, with a party of five, and both times itself taken us 3.5hrs to order, get our food. And that's because the 2nd time we came back, we ordered as soon as we got in and it still took us that long. Pretty frustrating when you see a table of four, order the exact same amount of plates (6 plates with 2 appetizer plates) and they came in 30 minutes after us. Another table came in and ordered right before us, noticed that both of our tables were before and said something to the waiter, he brought their food out and we stillll waited another 40 minutes. The wings are great but not worth the wait. Management: if your gonna promote your amazing wings, you should be prepared to hire more staff on the weekends.
1_star Not good. Not good at all. The new owners SUCK. And the Wedges are gross. What happened? :(
5_star I tried it because it had good reviews and I want to add my vote. I only have first tried it since I'm from out of town but it was really good. The food was fresh. The service fast and very friendly. The prices very reasonable. I will be back on this trip to try other dishes.
3_star The food was good but the place was so noisy that my wife and I could not have a conversation at a small table for two. The staff was very nice and moved us to a somewhat quieter area but whoever laid out the restaurant did a poor job. My suggestion would be to either get the food to go or to request a table at the very back of the restaurant.
5_star Best Mexican restaurant I have tried . Lovely service , great ambience and the food is amazing. I recommend to stop in at lunch when they have specials and they don't cost much. You won't regret it!
1_star Staying at Mandalay Bay and was looking forward to some Asian cuisine. Unfortunately the hostess was very put off to help us find a table and the waitress Nikki was not in a good mood and ruined that wonderful experience I was hoping to enjoy with my wife and close friends. We ventured on to Noodles and Company and were greeted by a friendly staff and treated great by our waiter Josh.
3_star This was my second visit. First was when they first opened, so by now I'd think the kinks would be worked out. Not so much! The service was terrible and we waited about 45 minutes for food. It was lunch time, not too crowded but the server kept telling everyone how "slammed" she was. Meanwhile there were plenty of staff standing around. I would think they could lend a hand if she was so "slammed". You couldn't help but hear all the orders that were messed up and wrong food brought to the wrong table. Once we finally got our food, I must say it was really good. I would have given more stars if the service and timing of receiving the food were better. Overall, great food, average to small portions, nice ambiance but avoid if you are on a timed lunch or starving.
1_star The wait staff woman here is a total bitch. She has a total attitude problem and is rude as hell. She doesnt deserve a job there, grow up lady. Never been treated so poorly by a server. Food is awesome, service sucks ass. I will spend my money at a different Rosatis.
3_star My husband and I decided to try this place out during our first visit to Pittsburgh. We were initially attracted Because looked really nice from the outside. The decor inside was nice. The host seated is promptly. Our server was over quite promptly as well and was very nice. My husband ordered the chicken wings and the fries pickles. I ordered the ribs. Our food was out in a reasonable time. My husband enjoyed his choices. Unfortunately, my ribs were way over done and I was barely able to cut them. It took a little while before our server was back so that I could mention the issue. Once I mentioned it he was very apologetic and offered to have it remade which was nice. I decided against it. Shortly thereafter the manager came over and asked what the problem was and I explained to him as well. He was very courteous. In the end, they removed the food from the bill without hesitation. Overall our experience wasn't terrible here but the food was not stellar. If you are just going for drinks it is definitely a nice place with a nice atmosphere and good customer service. The three stars is strictly due to the food experience.
2_star Underwhelmed & Overpriced !! - Stopped for Sunday Brunch - sat on the patio, server advised the specials including a Sriracha Bloody Mary - $2.00 more than the regular $4.00 bloody mary so I figure it's got to be something awesome otherwise why would they charge extra $2.00. She brings, water, bread, & cup of potato soup & finally bloody Mary's which were green (not red as you would expect) but green. I'm questioning this & was told that it was made of jalapeno's blended with some spices (it tasted more like a green gazpacho) no kick whatsoever and not a hint of Sriracha in site - it was a really horrible Bloody Mary - I didn't even drink half. The potato soup was okay but rather bland. Mexican omelet was meh and the potatoes (hash browns) were bad - chunky potatoes with huge chunks of green pepper & onion, cooked to death. Topping it off was the poor, slow service. Never asked if we wanted refills on water and when she finally dropped the check I looked and we were charged $8.00 each for the previously stated $6.00 special bloody marys . She did not come out to get the payment so I finally took the check inside beause I think she must be terribly busy to not come and check on us. There was 1 other table inside, 3 or 4 outside with at least 3 servers. I really can find no excuse for this terrible service or overpriced food/drinks. I'd much rather go to Wine Shop or Just Fresh - won't be back to RiverBleu.
2_star The interior of the restaurant is very cool. My husband and I had dinner there on Saturday night. The drinks were ok, and the food was just ok. We ordered the Mexican street corn and macaroni and cheese as appetizers. They were the best part of the meal. For our entrees, we got the jerk grouper (special) and the shrimp with polenta. The fish was delicious, although the slaw it was served with was average. Our waiter recommended the shrimp dish, and it was very disappointing. There were a few shrimp, a large serving of polenta, and it was all covered with a tomato sauce that did not have much flavor.
5_star Taking a bite of their sweet potatoes is like taking a bite out of heaven. Their chicken is fried to perfection and their Cobbler was made to a standard that only Chuck Norris could possibly compete with.
3_star Had dinner there last night (nov 26/13). Had a dozen oysters to start. These were better shucked than at Bent and still had some juice left but no where near the level they could be, especially in contrast to the mind blowing oysters at a place like the 360 restaurant above Toronto. I feel the oysters are priced a $1 per oyster too much, especially when you consider they own the seafood warehouse in the back and you can get two dozen for half the price My main dish was good and priced properly but my wife's sea bass was $10 too much for that level of fish, it's priced almost at the same rate as a restaurant like Bent minus the master chiefs. Now our kids loved the fish and chips, my 5 year old son ate two orders so you could say this was the nice surprise. The geography doesn't warrant the price of the meal either as you can guess. If they could drop the prices a bit I would recommend it to other city denizens. My wife was furious and felt ripped off since she was the one paying the bill this time round so I didn't feel the sting as bad ( we don't combine our income - only silly fools do that) There, I won't return except to the seafood store at the back, it's the best place in Toronto for buying seafood in my limited experience.
4_star Fresh and tasty carne asada quesadilla or pastor taco love the grilled onions and peppers that are included. Shrimp or fish tacos are tasty and my favorite is the Shrimp burro. This is just around the corner so I eat here often.
3_star I'm not on the Poutini's train. It's fine but I've had way better in Toronto. The main issue is the temperature of the gravy - it's not hot enough! The cheese curds remain completely unmelted. It's also not the most rich in flavour. My husband loves it so I've had it many times over the years and it is always the same. What I do like is the availability of fresh ground pepper, and the option of layering your poutine. I'd rather a poutine from Big Smoke Burger any day. If you haven't tried it, give it a go. Gravy is dark dark brown and you get some meltage.
5_star OMG.. absolutely, positively the *BEST* thai joint in existence! Calling their food "delicious" is simply an understatement - no review could ever do this place justice. Their service is superb, staff is very friendly, the restaurant is well kept with beautiful, authentic thai decor, and, of course, the food is AMAZING! Never fails to hit the spot.. I've had the pleasure of enjoying many different dishes at Komol, however my fav is definitely chicken panang w/ shrimp fried rice (garlic fried rice kicks butt too!!). And for desert, mango with sticky rice! Ugh.. writing this review is making me crave it. I think i'm gonna go tomorrow ;)
4_star Romantic ambience, scrumptious food, friendly servers, an intimate & cozy setting... what more could you ask for, espessially if you are one of zose peeppul who love ze cuisine a la Francais et wondering ou aller au Calgary. Cassis Bistro - c'est tres bien! All the items we ordered were very well made: lamb merguez, lobster bisque, and duck confit. Everything looked and tasted mouth-wateringly good. The place was small and packed, so I highly suggest booking in advance. Oh, and like Foreign Cinema in SF (check out my previous recommendation), this place had a movie projected on the main wall! Totally cute.
1_star Wow it is been years since I have been doing cisler and now I know why they are all closing. I went in with my boss to buy her lunch I ordered shrimp scampi which came with a salad bar and I ordered myself the salad bar the salad in the salad bar was all wilted slimy and brown. After 15 minutes I went up to check on the scampi the cashier said that the button did not register and order it period so I offered to pay the difference and get it coming she told me know it'll be out momentarily. 15 minutes later I went up to ask again where the Stampy was at and she told me it already came out which it had not period Then a manager girl came up to me and told me that I did not pay for Stampy I told her the story she looked at me like I was a criminal. And told me that because they messed up Sizzler will cover the cost of the Stampy. 15 minutes later I could not find the manager girl so I opened the door to the kitchen area and asked her where the Stampy was she very rudely told me to get out of this area and that the food was coming. This will be the very last trip I ever take this is her and hopefully anybody reading this read my comments and does the same. I work for a lot of investors American and Canadian and I know they would love to have this building to put an actual restaurant that takes care of its people in its place. This Sizzler is a waste of food space and time when other efficient properly run restaurants could be there serving happy people
3_star Cher Pastaga, mais que t'est- il arrivé?! Un samedi, à l'heure du brunch, l'endroit est vide. Tellement vide que je me suis décidé à appeler pour m'assurer que tu étais ouvert. Un endroit qui, toutes les fois où j'y suis allé, était plein à craquer, se retrouve épuré. Bref, je m'assois confiant et déterminé à déguster les meilleurs oeufs bénédictine, à ma connaissance. Cuits à une temperature exacte de 63 degrés ils ont la consistance parfaite. Je commande avec confiance le plat qui a fait de moi un grand fan, mais l'assiette qui se trouve devant moi m'est inconnue.. Un toast avec des oeufs bénédictines et quelques feuilles de pousses provenant probablement d'un balcon à l'arrière (pi c ben correct), l'assiette est d'une sobriété ennuyeuse et limite spartiate... BOF, me voilà déçu... C'est plus comme avant.. J'essaie de rattraper le coup avec des pâtisseries et desserts. MIAM! Enfin, la magie opère à nouveau. Les desserts offrent un peu plus de fantaisie autant pour les yeux que pour le goût. J'ai pris le chausson aux pêches et le pancake (je tiens à preciser que je n'étais pas seul, je ne suis pas gourmant à ce point). Bref, les desserts et service étant bons, ça va, pas trop de regrets. Je redonnerais une autre chance à Pastaga, un jour, car je le sais capable de surprendre et de rassembler autour de plats aussi plaisants les uns que les autres
4_star Me & my wife always have a good time here.. It's great for what we like & the staff is always nice to us
1_star New owners + new help = DISASTER! Went to celebrate friends anniversary and ended up with poor service and poor food. 2 entree salads ordered with salmon arrived with chicken. Another entree arrived barely warm. Waitperson was rather in attentive. Mgr's handling of the situation was inadequate. Too bad as it use to be a nice local restaurant. Doubt we will be back to suffer thru this type of an amateur's attempt at running a restaurant.
1_star I've read the other reviews and I am surprised with the generosity of the ratings. I live near Sauceman's and was really rooting for this place. I drive by the restaurant often and never see many cars in the parking lot, but I didn't let that deter me. I visited on a Saturday night with my sister. There were about eight adults and one child having dinner. We were a little confused on whether to seat ourselves or wait at the counter. A server explained that we ordered at the register then we could sit wherever. We were handed paper menus and began to peruse. An employee working the register was very friendly and explained the menu to us. He doted heavily on the ribs and chicken so I decided to go with his recommendation. I also ordered the meatball pasta which stated the meatballs were homemade. I intentionally ordered two entrees so I could get a real feel for the restaurant. My food came very quickly and it was plenty. The best thing on my plate were the sugar biscuits everything else was extremely average tasting. Here are my thought on each item: Rib & Chicken Platter: Ribs: tough and undercooked , had to literally yank apart; bbq sauce was bland Chicken: not very flavorful Baked beans: yuck is all I can say Onion rings: average Sugar biscuits: yummy but didn't seem to go with the rest of the platter; should offer this as a dessert item instead of being apart of the platter Garlic bread: good but seemed out of place on a rib and chicken and platter Meatball Pasta (this was a baked dish): Cheese was like plastic, very hard to pull apart; better off eating stouffers frozen lasagna Sauce: bland Pasta: consisted of penne pasta and spiral pasta, wasn't sure if they ran out of one and added the second type to finish the dish Bread sticks: Greasy, flavorless; should have offered the garlic bread with this dish instead of with the rib platter My sister had the chicken platter with potato salad and fries. The potato salad wasn't bad but it was good either. It was missing something but I'm not sure what. Her fries were good and they gave her plenty. Overall, I will not be going back to Sauceman's. The service was good but the food was not. Another thing my sister and I noticed but I won't go into great detail about was the configuration. The design and layout did not flow. The owners should have hired a restaurant consultant because the layout made no sense at all. God forbid they get very busy, with this layout there will indeed be food flying, and not into mouths.
5_star Wife and I are on our gap year travelling, so whenever there is $ to be saved, we will definitely try. Was staying down the road to Big Wongs so decided to give it a try for brunch. First impression is a very dingey looking asian joint, but that was quickly dismissed once we got the food. We ordered fried pork chop/rice and a hainan chicken/rice for only $4.95 each! Cant really go wrong! Serving size is great and tastes great as well. So good in fact we went back 2 days later. Great for anyone look for a cheap asian meal, dont expect the best thing ever. Might be abit hard to get to without a car.
1_star Worse Carls Jr ever, what ever genius opened this spot didn't hire the right people!TERRIBLE SERVICE!! I'll NEVER come back here! I'd rather eat at the chevron and get food poisoning! At least the staff is nice and friendly there! Terrible CJs!!
4_star I have been at Julie's many many many times. I love it! The only reason of why I am not giving a 5 start rating is because I don't understand why this place is sooooo over priced. The food is good, I am Cuban so I know, but sometimes I think it misses the real final flavour.
2_star Wow! I think the results of your trip depend largely on your server and the time of night. We showed up at 8:00 and got out at 9:30. Service was really WEAK and the food was so, so - in fairness, we'd tried items that were not on the list of favorites but we won't be coming back.
4_star I generally eat here 2-3 times a week. By far the best place in Brookpark to get breakfast. Hearty, fresh portions at good prices with good service. I usually go with the western omelet, but they have very good french toast as well. Their hash browns are awesome. They are pan fried red potatoes. You could say I'm a fan.
1_star Maybe I came on the wrong night, maybe I ordered the wrong food, but my trip here was pretty bad. The service was bad, yet the employees were nice. I ordered a pulled pork sandwich with the baked beans. The BBQ sauce looked like "sweet and sour" sauce and it tasted awful, and the baked beans were lukewarm and tasted just as bad. My initial thoughts of the location were high, I've been to my share of BBQ places, and this is the hole in the wall that most BBQ places worth their salt look like, unfortunately they did not live up to the dive BBQ that I was hoping it would be. I eventually might head back to give it another try after reading the other reviews, but it will be a while before I venture back.
2_star I had high hopes for this place but unfortunately it could not come close to them. My burger came back incorrect and was not very good at all. My wife's food (also a burger) was lackluster as well. Maybe it's just that their burgers are not very good but I would not recommend this place.
5_star My wife I love coming here. The service is amazing, the food is great, we have zero complaints. We always try to get the same waitress and we usually do. Her name is Christina and she is by far the best. Our drinks never get low, she is very friendly and always takes care of us. The manager chad is also very friendly and attentive he always comes and talks to us every time were here. We feel like family here as good as they treat us. I strongly recommend that you eat here you want be disappointed.
4_star Have eaten here several times, the dishes are as fresh as the downtown location. The menu and customer service are slightly different when compared to the downtown location.
5_star This somewhat-hidden gem has yet to disappoint me. Some of the best mac n' cheese, and the fries are great, too. Lots of tasty sauce choices. Not to mention the three styles of strips. Fried, baked, or grilled, you can't go wrong. Although the grilled strips didn't seem quite as juicy as the other styles. Not only is the food wonderful, but the staff is way better than average - always friendly with great attitudes. I
5_star I love that they offer an all-you-can-eat option as well as a-la-carte... The best though is that their all-you-can-eat is still made to order and not buffet style. I'm not really a fan of buffets, especially sushi when you never know how long the food has been sitting out, so this was great! Fresh, quick service, decent price... perfect for sushi lovers!
4_star I've been here twice now and both times have been great. Lucklily the times I have gone they weren't really busy and I got served right away. I sat in the dinning area with one other couple but a lot of people came to pick up orders when I was there. I ordered the teriyaki chicken plate both times. I LOVE the slaw salad. The dressing on there is the bomb! I wish you got more salad. The food is average prices and you get a large portion. Both times I had plenty left to take home. I understand a lot of people take out, but I think it would be nice if for dine in there would be real dishes, not Styrofoam containers and plastic forks. Would add quality points. Everything tasted wonderful, including the wontons I got. Better than at a Chinese restaurant!
2_star Maybe we tried this place on a bad day or something but we came, we saw, and we were disappointed. We split an order of the la classique poutine and it wasn't awful but it certainly didn't live up to the expectations based on all the reviews. Honestly, I've made better at home and I'm not even Canadian.
1_star I've been coming to ohjahs for about 2 years and tonight has by far been my worst experience. I usually get the hibachi fillet mignion which is around $10. They refused to accommodate because I wanted to order that and was sitting in the restaurant area. (Perfect amount of food.) I don't really care where it's cooked. So I asked if I could get the kids mean which is TINY, $14 dollars and doesn't even come with noodles. So I had to order noodles on the side which was another $3. I don't mind paying for what I want because I know they're a bit expensive, But they didn't want to change anything! The service ungodly awful. Refills took 10 minutes, horribly rude... I won't be back. I don't even want to give one star... TAKE YOUR MONEY ELSEWHERE!
4_star This is one of my favourite local bars, the beer selection is more than adequate and there generally is a decent special to be had. The ambiance is nothing special though I will say that they have upgraded from the stuffing flowing from the bar stools look, and have upgraded to new stools and a better overall feel. I can't say that it made a huge difference to me because the beer food and service are the real selling points. Though, they are admittedly swamped on wing nights, which negatively effects the service on the whole the bartenders there are awesome, and give you the feel that you are a regular with even a somewhat regular attendance. The food, even though it is pretty normal bar fare, is top notch in the way of quality.
4_star Love this place for basic mex. Burritos, Quesadillas and consistently good Horchata. They also do very good Breakfast burritos
2_star "Lopez? More like Blowpez!" BWAHAHAHAHAHAHA! Oh baby, Review of the Day here I come. So this place has three-star quality food at five-star quality prices. I'm really not sure how that math translates into a two-star rating, but that is what my TI-83 graphing calculator comes up with when I plug in the numbers. Although, to be fair, I did not double check my math, so I will do that now. (Pulls out calculator, types '80085', giggles uncontrollably) Yep, two stars. Moving along, Lopez isn't really a bad place per se. It's very nice inside and the food is certainly acceptable. It's just overpriced. You're much better off going to Momocho if you're looking for some fancy-pants Mexican joint to really wow your Taco Bell-lovin' friends with.
2_star Customer service was aweful. When we walked in one if the employees had to call him out to tell him he had customers. When we decided we wanted food He was so busy chatting with a friend who walked in for 20 minutes. The food took forever to come out. And again this other employee who so happened to walk into the kitchen told the Guy our food was done. (Still sitting and chatting with a friend) then he disappeared after we were done. The Guy that was cleaning everything had to find him for our bill. Seriously if we were shitty people we could of walked out of there with 45 still in our pockets. Hats off to the chef, the Guy who helped us out and the women who was there a couple days before hand. They did a good job. But your fellow employee or owner made me rate a 2.
3_star The wait was twice as long as they said it would be, the ambiance is refined, the drinks were cold and tasty, the appetizers expensive for what they were, the food was good but not great and on the expensive side. We might try it again just for drinks, but it was not as good as we had expected it to be.
4_star Benjrong is a great neighborhood Thai place... my husband and I have been getting take-out from here on a weekly basis since they opened and have never been disappointed. The service is excellent and the restaurant could not be cleaner or more pristine- the entire kitchen is on display (major bonus!). Favs include their vegetable egg rolls (love that sweet, clear chili sauce), tom yum soup, pad see ew, pineapple fried rice, pad thai, and the currys. Their hot sauce is great, so are the lunch specials. The food does not compare to L.O.S. or Komol in terms of the flavor or complexity, but everything I've had has always been fresh and delicious. I definitely recommend this spot- it is way above average for a local Thai place and is not filthy, dingy, poor quality, or lacking flavor- like so many other local places...!
3_star Good food but I can't say it's worth the price although if you are looking for a vintage diner feel this is definitely a good plce to try
3_star This is review is from our visit to Montreal in August. Like everyone, we had their smoked meat sandwich, but the fat version. I admonished my husband for ordering it but then I had a bite--it was tender and, admittedly, delicious. (Fat is tasty!) We were lucky and didn't have to wait in line. Although the sandwich was satisfying, I don't know if it was "wait in line for a hour" good.
5_star If you are wanting french come here. Bottom line. A friend went around the same time and decided to go to the restaurant in the Eiffel tower. He is a chef and said it was less than stellar. We paid less than half as much. I was debating where to go for dinner for a birthday, and almost felt bad that I chose the "cheapest" place since the reviews on here seemed to be so good. I didn't mind one bit after, neither did the birthday boy. Now mind my memory. It is Vegas and I drank during/after this dinner, and have a hard time remembering the little things. We had the escargot because it's not something offered in our area back home. My first time trying it so I may be off when I say I loved it! We had two other dishes, but I do not remember them. They were good though. He had the skate wing which he could not stop praising. He has a more advance palate than me so it must have been good coming from the person who never even compliments five star dining. I had the scallops which I loved! He didn't enjoy them as much as me. It my dish anyways :) We sat right at the windows over looking the strip and I can honestly say it was the best moment I had on that trip. Thanks Mon Ami Gabi.
1_star I can't believe why the reviews about this place is so high. First off, it's over priced for what u get. A large is exactly the same as a small, except it comes in a larger bowl and it isn't even close to filling. "Where's the meat" is what this place's motto should be. I ordered a large bowl and can count the number of slice meat on one hand. Just look at the photos others have posted - Absent of any meat. Even they skimp on the noodles. Come on, how dumb do u think customers are? My friend who ordered a small had the same amount of noodles and meat as my large. RIP OFF. Flavour is mediocre at best. Tried once and no more. Avoid this place unless u like over paying.
3_star Went for dinner and ordered the chicken breast w side salad & vegetables. Chicken breadt was seasoned but it was tough (,like they pressed it on the head) it was not grilled.. vegetable was broccoli that tasted like it was microwaved. Also side of angle hair pasta, this was the best part & the hot dinner rolls. Side salad had 1 slice of a tomato and two slices of cucumber w white lettuce.... I would go back.but not order chicken.
3_star A bit pricey, below average service, but really delicious. Went to Merchant right around 5 on a Thursday night and asked to be aware outside. We were told the patio was reserved at 6:30, and we said we could be out of there well before then. Our waitress didn't come to the table for 10 minutes, though in that time we were given water by someone else. We ordered drinks and an appetizer, which also took a while to come out. When the waitress put the drinks down, she mixed them up, which was fine because I noticed as soon as I tasted the one in front of me. My partner had already downed half of the drink that I ordered though. Oops. The drinks were good, and fairly strong. The Patatas Bravas were pretty good-- crispy, though I wanted more flavor in the Harissa aioli. I didn't sense any heat at all. For our main courses, we had a beet salad (small for the price), Thai tomato soup (deliciously spicy and served with huge pieces of Texas Toast), and brat sliders with frites (served in foil, dripping with grease and a bit difficult to eat, but packed with flavor). Generally, the service was really slow, and we ended up leaving after 6:30, I think to the dismay of the anxious-looking hostess. The fare was really good, if a bit pricey. I'll definitely give it another try!
5_star I love 5 & Diner! The cherry cokes, the mac 'n' cheese, Mrs. Cleaver's pot roast (no longer on the menu but you can still order it), the diner grilled chicken sandwich, and the most delicious root beer floats & shakes! Being a classic movie fan, of course I love the atmosphere and photos of movie stars that adorn the walls. Plus, some nights they have live rockabilly music and people bring their cool, classic cars. How awesome is that? There's no where else like this in Scottsdale. Oh yes and the service is excellent too!
1_star I have used Yelp for years but never had a reason to create an account until now. I finally caved in to my girlfriend and took her here. I should have known better when I walked in and saw the place empty except for maybe 2 tables at 7:30 pm on a Friday night. The decor was nice though, and the staff was enthusiastic. I had no idea it opened by the winner of Masterchef Canada, so when he mentioned that, I got pretty excited. We ordered 3 items to start: grandpas' fung guo (recommended by the waiter), ceviche, and the curry. The lobster chow mein was also recommended, but I wasn't too hungry nor was I too keen on spending $25 on a tapas dish. The fung guo was bland. There is nothing more to say about it. At $8 for 3 pieces, I expected it to taste better than the frozen dim sum I can buy at the grocery store. The ceviche was disgusting. My girlfriend always orders ceviche if it's on a menu, so I have had my fair share. This was just diced up shrimp and scallops on top of guac. It was too sour for us to even eat half. The curry was pretty good. My dining partner thought it was too salty but I thought it was decent compared to the garbage that was my 2 previous dishes. She also ordered a cosmo which she did like though. Overall, the bill came to $70+ for 3 tapas dishes and a drink. I had to eat again a couple of hours later. $70+ for a snack is ridiculous given the quality of the food. There are so many better similar restaurants out there, and this one seems to be putting random ingredients together and calling itself "Asian Fusion" in attempt to cash in on the hype right now. It could be possible I just didn't order the "right" items, but I will never find out.
5_star This is my FAVE all you can eat sushi place. The sushi is great, always fresh and not skimpy slices of fish either. They have many varieties to choose from and lots of tasty non-sushi items too such as udons, rice dishes, salmon etc etc. The service is friendly but, as with most all you can eat sushi places I've been to, they forget things we've ordered etc but that's ok, we just order more. The price is good too and I've brought many friends there that now make it their go-to sushi place. Love it!
2_star Will not be going back.. The decor of this restaurant is quite trendy. I love the heavy wood furnishings and the 3 tier awning type windows but despise those gargantuan operation room lights above every table (with a moniker like Grinder it feels like I'm in for a Sweeney Todd episode). The center looks nice and overall the restaurant gives me a feel like it might be a hot spot for drinks. Upon entering we were greeted by 3 different people which was a red flag from the start. The menus the were given to us are covered with thick plastic on both sides and is pretty heavy (hate it). We did not receive our bread and butter like most other tables while waiting on our service. First appetizer we ordered was the tuna tataki which was quite disappointing. The slices of tuna were very thin compared to what I've had at Ferreira's or Mikasa for example. The garnish did not bring out the flavor of the tuna at all and bizarrely tasted of tomato salsa. It was just not what I expected or up to par with what I've had before. Second appetizer we ordered was the beer flavored French onion soup. The flavor was okay and lacked some nice chunks of bread but it was not as comforting as a traditional French onion soup. For a kickass French onion soup made with love I'd say try Bistro Duo D down the street. Finally, my 'main' was the large portion of salmon tartare that lacked the lime, cilantro, and avocado that was noted on the menu. The salmon was grinded (for shame!) and it appeared as if it was the fattiest slab of salmon that they used. It was awful and definitely no culinary adoration was put into this dish. I was hoping with meticulously diced chunks of salmon with the freshness of avocado and cilantro but alas it was forgotten amongst other things. My husband ordered the short ribs but was given the skirt steak. Surprisingly, it turned out pretty good and so were the fries that came with it, however it wasn't the order that was placed. This restaurant has so much potential given the location and trendy decor. I see it being very busy during the summertime given that the windows open up and the have a good sound system going on. They might have something promising if they improve their dishes, service, and possibly change up the menu a bit but until then I believe it will struggle once the honeymoon phase is over with the hipster crowd.
3_star We had the grilled salmon special and greek salad with chicken it was good . The service was excellent. I m hoping they will serve breakfast. Not many family own restaurants in Huntersville that serve breakfast. Will be back for the potroast dinner special next time.
1_star 1st review on Yelp as warning. Service, very friendly & relatively prompt once server noticed us (10 min at table w/o service on 33% capacity of place). Food, seriously mediocre for price. Came for Foie Gras, this is breakdown: Foie gras was mediocre liquidy, beef tongue sent back because it tasted like leather teriyaki, chicken waffles ok, beef tartare decent. I hate sending food back as it seems so rude, but F that noise. Credentials: my LA yelp bookmarks look like a plague of chickenpox & I have eaten extensively throughout Europe (btw, Yelp needs to up game in Euro reviews). Going to Secret Pizza for a slice now.
1_star We absolutely love the food, the reason for the poor review is because of the service at the front counter. As people have already mentioned, it's always packed here so we always order food to go. Maybe I don't understand what exactly a tip is for but last time I checked a tip is for when you are being seated, served/waited on... When paying at the counter they give you a tab to fill out for the tip before they proceed with the transaction... At that point I cross out the tip(because I don't feel I have a reason to leave tip due to not being seated and served) and return the receipt to the person at the register. No matter who I am dealing with I ALWAYS get nasty or disturbed looks when I don't leave a tip... Unless the tip is going to the cooks I honestly don't feel as I should be leaving a tip for the person who bagged my food or the cashier. Maybe the process should be alerted or the workers at the front counter should be talked to about putting on a better face when they are displeased.
1_star We have loved Oregano's in Scottsdale and Tempe. Took friends to Gilbert and it took 65 minutes to be seated although we were told 15 to 25 min. When two tables sat empty I bothered the girl at the door who had her arms around the neck of one of the guy servers and she said she hadn't forgotten. 10 min later when the third table sat empty my guy friend went to get action. We were seated, ordered and waited 25 minutes for food - not bad, but when we finished, dishes were cleared and we declined dessert we waited another 25 minutes for our check and only got it when we said if we didn't get in within 5 min we were walking out. We'll never go again. Many of the staff just played around with each other while a few worked very hard. We got the players!!
5_star In being a bit of a burrito man, I was suspicious that a torta could ever marvel a tortilla filled with meat. However, all of the hype on yelp and man vs. food was appropriate, as the torta provided a massive yet tasty introduction to pork, turkey, guacamole, and a bunch of other hidden great tastes all in one sandwich. The carne asada quesadilla blew us away-- HUGE in portion, amazing meat, and super flavorful. I was also glad to be one of the few gringos in this place. People were friendly toward us in any case. Check out the horchata for some authentic aguas frescas...
5_star DELIZIOSO!! This place has got the closest thing to real Italian Pizza that I've found in Vegas. The Roman style is just that- crispy and perfect flavor. Their ingredients are quality which make the price a bit higher than your normal pizza place. BUT this is NOT a normal pizza place! The service is spot on- the most adorable Italian female server (forget her name) she is perfection! Ensuring your experience is pleasant with her Italian hospitality. Oh and did I mention the wine- get selection! Can't go wrong with this place!!
1_star I've eaten a lot of Thai food throughout my life. I ordered the green curry and panang curry. They were easily the worst curry I've ever had in my life. They tasted like cream chowder poured on top of undercooked carrots and soggy broccoli with some meat inside. I rarely waste food, but I had to throw these dishes out. I may not have many reviews of places I've eaten, but this place required me post something given the atrocity I was presented. Although, I will say they had a good portion size. But I can't even give them a bonus star due to how many negative stars this place would receive if that was option. I pray that management taste their food, and works to make it better. There are positive reviews of the other food here, but I recommend you absolutely avoid the curry.
2_star I have been eyeing this restaurant for a long time and finally decided to give its $38 three course Summerlicious menu a try. Unfortunately I had a disappointing experience where the delicious food was overshadowed by less-than-stellar service. We had an early reservation so were immediately seated when we arrived. The restaurant is small but is smartly decorated. I especially liked the big fishing net hung on the wall. The food was consistently excellent. Highlights include the Swordfish Crudo app and the Grilled Octopus main. Both were fresh, flavorful, beautifully plated, and came in a good sized portion. The Panna Cotta and Polenta Cake were also delicious and more filling than they first appeared. We also sampled a couple of their cocktails. Both were good and at around $15 each they were consistent with cocktails I've ordered from other restaurants of this caliber. The service, on the other hand, was a big let-down and does not reflect many of the positive reviews that I have read here. One of our mains arrived a good 7-10 minutes before the other, which resulted in a lot of awkward staring between my dining companion and I. It turns out the same thing happened to the next table as well. After the second dish finally arrived, our waiter explained that the orders of our two tables were somehow mixed up on the same ticket. While mistakes do happen, it would've been nice if this was communicated to us earlier. Later, one of the two-top tables next to us was removed and we were told they wanted to spread the tables out so that everyone could have more room. As I stood up thinking that this was very thoughtful, the staff walked away and it turned out we were expected to move the table ourselves. Not a huge deal, but I can see myself knocking glasses over and dropping cutlery on the floor had I had a couple more drinks in me. While the servers were sometimes attentive, I had trouble trying to get their attention because they were too focused on their conversation at the bar. My water glass was consistently filled but my companion found it weird that her's was not. I will second Jennifer K's observation of the staff's "Bohemian vibe". It felt like they are doing and saying everything on the checklist but they weren't 100% mentally present. To cap off the evening, we were charged for wine that we did not order. This was quickly corrected when I pointed it out. According to Yelp, 2 stars is "meh, I've experienced better" and this perfectly describes my experience at Ufficio. I have had better service at hole-in-the-wall joints in Scarborough and I certainly expected more from a much hyped restaurant in a trendy neighbourhood. Some may say underwhelming service a symptom of the Summerlicious program and things will go back to normal after it is over. I won't be coming back to find out.
4_star my friends and i had been on the road for a few days and, no offense to anyone, but the food culture in the midwest is bizarre. that's why meat and potatoes was a pretty life affirming meal. flavors were done right. our dining area looked like it was probably the manager's office recently and the food was a tad pricey, but after eating at casa nueva in Athens, OH this place was like an oasis in the Sahara Desert.
2_star we went sunday at around 1pm, party of seven. It wasn't to busy, they had only one server at the time they took our order, the food was good, but they really need help on service, no prebussing, no refills we had to raise our hand every time we need it something. they add 20% service charge to the check ( we knew that) maybe thats why they didn't care about our table, they knew they were getting a tip any way. we mentioned it to the server at the end, thats when she told us that the other server had left, cause it wasn't too busy. She said i'm sorry and offer to give us a free dessert or another beer.
1_star I am disappointed to see the quality of this place. It used to be one of my favourite hangouts before they had closed a few years ago. I went back for the first time since they reopened, and I was so sad. The interior decor and the food quality deteriorated to standard cafeteria level. I remember before when I used to love trying their new menu items because they offered a good combination of food quality and market experience. Sadly not anymore. Let me explain: - fruit flies and insects in the food. At the pastry corner, while trying to choose which pastry to have, there were insects nesting and flying around the food. I told the counter lady and she did not even seem surprised, as if this was normal.... so we went to the waffle counter - waffle counter was not any better: 1) no whipped cream even though it is part of the deluxe waffle 2) came undercooked so it was very soggy - poor customer service 1) told the customer service about this experience and was pretty much stared at as if I was overly picky 2) in spite of all these shortcomings they went ahead and charged for the gratuities (not sure why if we serve ourselves and the part that they are supposed to be in charge of such as cooking and cleaning up were not properly done) I am also disappointed to see that they automatically include gratuities in the bill. NOt sure why since: - customers have to line up, pick up and carry our own food and utensils (the only part they are responsible for is cooking and cleaning up) - they don't cook properly (components of the dish are missing and the food is undercooked) - they don't clean up (some tables not cleaned up yet even though the restaurant was not so busy and lots of insects on the food) So needless to say I strongly discourage people from trying what used to be a good spot. For alternatives try other locations (Eaton, Sherway Garden, York Mills) I will try as soon as I can and post reviews later
3_star Food was great. Service was pretty slow! Took about 15-20min to receive drink refills after asking for one! Maybe it was just an overwhelming busy night. Will go back!
1_star Went to dinner with my husband I ordered enchiladas urbanas they were so gross, my husband ordered Menudo but the waiter came back to our table 15 minutes later and said they ran out of the Menudo yesterday (so I guess that means things aren't mage fresh that day) ok so he ordered cochinita pibill he said it was ok. Never got a drink refill. Service was not good and you have to vallet Park. Worst $56.00 ever spent. :(
2_star This was a disappointing date night. We are going to be moving near by and wanted to check out, what will soon be, our local fare. We were really hoping to find a gem, but I thought the food was mediocre at best. My one positive was that I thought the service was great. To start, they brought out pumpernickel bread that was VERY stale. Since my husband isn't a fan of that type of bread, we asked if they happen to have any white/Italian bread options. They brought baguette slices, which again, were extremely stale - to the point where we took a bite and left the remaining piece on our plate. We started with drinks. I had their specialty mule, which was served in a mason jar instead of a copper mug. My husband had a glass of wine and was happy with their option. We ordered the mussel appetizer, which had a great flavor, but they said it came with ramen noodles... it tasted and looked like the squiggly noodles from the 50 cent packets and there were only a few of them. We had the "raw" salad. Which was good, but they charged $9 for a typical salad with a few shaved veggies in it. I had the pulled pork paprikash with the paprika spatzl and it was literally a brick of meat with some sauce around it with very few small crunchy noodles. It wasn't a balanced dish at all - it was almost all meat. My husband had the short ribs and said it was just ok and thought mine was better. At this point we passed on the dessert and was served two small stale chocolate chip cookies with our bill. With two drinks, a shared appetizer and salad, and two entrees, we spent almost $115. For that price, I have had much better food elsewhere. I don't think we will be returning here, which is a bummer. We were excited to try this one.
5_star I love the service at this place, and of course the food. They always try so hard to make you happy, it's pretty impressive. One thing, I wish they had more appetizers on their menu. Ordered Joe's Classic Steampot last time, was not disappointed.
4_star Love this place. Best indian food in the cleveland area. Very nice place to sit down and have a relaxing dinner. They also do takeout. Would have given 5 stars if it weren't for the prices being a little high.
2_star Very inconsistent. Either we love our experience or end the evening wishing we went somewhere else. The last three times proved the latter. Got our apps after the meal was served after a swift kick to our Waitress. No offer of taking it off the bill- nada. Food took forever and it was empty. Filled normally with Scottsdale douchebags. Come if you want lousy service and to hate everyone you see for the evening. Sushi is always decent though.
3_star Very, very nice and customer friendly owners gets this place 3 stars, but on food alone I give it 1.5 stars. Though it's nice to have a Korean place so close by, Jun's House food isn't what real Korean food should taste like. First, shitake mushrooms should be reserved for just a few dishes since they're so pungent. However, Jun's seems to place it in many dishes (including the yuk-hae-jang, or beef and veggie soup) which is a big big BIG mistake. Instead of a spicy, savory soup, all you taste is shitake mushrooms. The banchan (side dishes) are subpar as well, esp. the kimchi (bland and sad). And don't get me started on the kimchi soup. Using "raw" kimchi in kimchi soup is unheard of...I had no idea why it was so strangely sweet until I called my mother to ask. And lettuce in the bibimbap? Just weird. But the BBQ is decent so if that's what you're looking for, Jun's shouldn't disappoint. Jun's food made me grumpy and now I'm grumpier because I'm posting my first negative review. Thanks a lot, Jun's house.
4_star This restaurent offers an interesting dining experience formal and informal at the same time. The place is spacious yet cozy. The movable tables are fun and convenient. The food is pretty tasty, especially the appetizers, and very specifically, the calamari dish is my favorite. It is suitable for romantics dates as well as group dinners. It has the open kitchen concept, which is pretty cool. The only negatives are that it does not take any reservations and the main dishes are so-so (the taste is good, but not too much variety). Appies are great, so I would get a few and share - tapas style.
5_star Can't get enough! Vegan and love this place but it does prove that vegan isn't always healthy ;)
1_star I was disappointed, I work in the neighborhood and was excited at the prospect of a healthy quick place to gab lunch. I tried to substitute the type of chicken in my wrap from Cajun to Grilled and they wouldn't let me, and then wanted to switch the type of lettuce and was told that it would be an up-charge. I then decided to go with a safe pick of Chicken Cesar wrap. Then it came out.... it was TINY like the size of a softball. Taste of the wrap was mediocre at best. I don't plan on ever going back.
3_star This review is for the BRUNCH only. After reading so many raving yelp reviews I couldn't wait to try this place out!! We were even lucky enough (or unlucky because we lost so much money) to get 2 free comps from the hotel! We already had dinner plans so we came for brunch. The food was good (I used the word "good" on purpose. Not bad, but not excellent) and there was a fair amount of variety but surprisingly not many universal options. For example- no berries at the fruit station, only 4 types of very basic sushi, a whole row devoted to toast (I didn't come to an expensive buffet for toast), and a whole lot of weird stuff like octopus salad and lamb sausage (which was flavorless) and a bunch of dried out meat carving stations. Nothing spectacular except for the French toast-which actually was spectacular. Maybe my expectations were set too high, But from other Yelpers reviews and photos it seems that the WOW factor would come from the dinner buffet which we did not have the opportunity to experience. Short story-save your brunch money and go for dinner.
3_star My first 3 star review. I really can't write that the food was terrible because it really wasn't. The problem is that it was nothing special. The burger had gristle and was salty, boring. The toppings are nothing special. Offering one "special" topping and one generic topping is not worth the prices they ask. $11.00 for a combo? I'd rather go to Moxies and get a burger from them for the same price. Much better. All the hype for these "specialty burger houses" just makes the disappointment they offer that much worse. Lower the prices, offer more selection and give more fries, then you might be worth the hype. As it stands these places Hero burger/South St/Five guys are nothing more than hyped up dives with not much more to offer than the "regular" burger dives.
3_star Pretty good. Caesar salad was pretty typical, although it did come with two large asiago breadsticks that were yummy, and was huge for only $5.99. Lou's Phoenician was good but the amount of meat was kind of absurd... I took off more than half of it. 'double bakes bread' does not mean it is baked before served. The bread was cold. The coleslaw was the kind that is slightly sweet. Fries were bomb.com ...wedge style :) Pastries were also reallllly good.
4_star Took mom here for a quick lunch. The service was excellent, staff was friendly and quick. Mom had the burger, cooked medium; the burger had a perfect char on the outside and was medium inside. .. It was delicious! I had the Italian sandwich with fig spread. Didn't care for the spread, and the sandwich was a little chewy, but the flavor was on par. This place has some real potential. Great location next to the Container Park with street parking as well as lot parking just a block away.
3_star Met some friends here for an after-work drink- or two. Around 530PM on a Tuesday evening, the place was about half-full and started to get busier as the everning progressed. Had no problem finding a table and ample seating in the outside patio area. The martinis- included the Mango Madness (the go-to drink for my companions), the Red Apple (tasted like cran-apple more than anything), and the Cookies and Cream (sweet, but delicious, complete with oreo crumb rim). All were good, strong, and tasty. Pretty sure you can't go wrong with a 'tini with flavors you like. These martinis are $12-14 a piece, but since it was happy hour (4-8PM), they were half off. So at $7 a martini, still a bit spendy, but a nice treat. And, yes, they do give you the mini shaker to ensure you get your entire beverage- just be sure to not let them take it before you've ensured it's empty. The food- with food half-off as well, we ordered the BBQ Chicken flatbread (tasty, but mostly bread- more cheese, chicken, sauce please), Spinach-Artichoke dip with Pita chips (pretty tasty), and the Bruschetta (basically chopped tomatos on toasted bread- nothing special). All of these were regularly around $12 a piece, I believe ($6-ish with happy hour). The service- good, not great. Our waitress actually came around a few times, but only when it seemed like she KNEW we wanted to order something. Annoyingly, the other people working there would come by every 5 minutes to take our plates, drinks, etc., even when we obviously weren't finished. We found ourselves consolidating a lot, just to give them something to take. All-in-all, with HH the bill was $60 (before tip) for 6 martinis, 3 apps, and a coke. Pretty decent for some quality beverages and nosh.
4_star This was an excellent restaurant with a great ambience and lovely food. I was in town looking for a great place to eat which would serve fresh food with high quality in reasonable portions, and I stumbled upon this place. The service was great, the food was excellent quality and taste and minimal disruptions. I ordered the kale and arugula salad which I did not realize had bacon on it. The server did not even question my concern and right away replaced the salad for my convenience and satisfaction. I was so impressed at how she did not even question it and said no problem we will just change the for you to make sure you are happy with your food choice. I would really recommend this place
1_star Wouldn't give one star. Staff is beyond unorganized. Told 60 min. After 80 min was told another 25min. Don't come here....unless you want to waste a vacation at Cracker Barrel. RUN AWAY
1_star We had dinner at panovino to celebrate my fiancé's birthday. I was looking forward to a great experience. Our waitress was very dry with us. Our vegan food was not tasty. (Try adding flavor to your vegan sauces there's too much nutritional yeast) Perhaps get staff that aren't prejudice to any kind of humans sex,color, homosexual etc. A happy/nice waitress or waiter is just as important to have during a celebration. Vegan food can be very tasty keep working on your sauces . Good luck
2_star The average tasting sushi and friendly service was totally undone by the nearly hour long wait to get our food after ordering. The place isn't very big and was not busy when we place our order so the wait, in my opinion, was totally unjustified. Nice, clean and fairly priced...but way too slow.
1_star This is the second time I visited Milo's. Both times I intended to use a coupon, the first time a restaurant.com coupon and the second time an Entertainment Book coupon. The first time (last May), I was advised that they were't accepting coupons because of an event in Boulder City. What does an event in the City have to do with your business' willingness to accept a coupon that you offered WITHOUT ANY LIMITATIONS? The food was good, but I was put off by the poor business practice. No matter, I visited again with an Entertainment Book coupon in hand, hoping to enjoy new menu items with the bonus of a reduced price. Lo and behold, my coupon was declined again. Now they aren't taking ANY coupons, citing "fraud". While I enjoyed the food, I was put off by the fact that they no longer accept coupons of any sort, and specifically those coupons available in the entertainment book and through restaurant.com. The trouble is, plenty of people drive all the way to Milos from Las Vegas to check it out for the coupon. I mean, isn't the the whole point of a coupon--to draw new business to your establishment? Once there, visitors are advised of the new policy against coupons and are essentially stuck there, especially for those traveling from Vegas. Fraud?!? What a bogus excuse! I agree with a previous reviewer that there are many ways to check the validity of the coupons, including calling the vendor to verify authenticity (phone number actually located on the restaurant.com coupons, for example). Not to mention the fact that there are thousands of businesses on restaurant.com and in the entertainment book, none of which have similar issues. This is bad business practice, plain and simple. The managers need to wise up and deal with the problem NOW or they will continue to lose future business. The irony is that the initial release of the coupons was likely done to increase business and earn repeat customers, but I'm sure this failure to accept pre-purchased coupons has done more to turn away business than anything else. If you are drawn to visit by the savings you will receive, don't bother. They are a poor business that doesn't honor their offerings. The food used to make the drive worth it, but the poor business practices make it a restaurant worth missing. There are too many good restaurants in Vegas. If you are in Boulder City, drive a few miles North and try Grape Street or Marche Bacchus--both have better atmospheres and truly care about you, the customer.
5_star We went on a Friday night during happy hour 3-6 let me say it was amazing. We got the 5 o'clock somewhere drink it was amazing for 5 dollars and the lava shrimp for 6 dollars was just great. My mom had the fish tacos and I had the fish sandwich it was amazing We shared the sandwich the tacos. The tacos I would get in a heartbeat. The sandwich was great as well but I liked the tacos a tad bit better. :)
2_star Unfortunately we were disappointed. The food was average nothing really special. The only thing I would go back is the watermelon daiquiri.
4_star Because it's out of the way for us, we hadn't been to the Triple Play in years. Went in this past weekend and we were thrilled that the philly steaks are still among the best in the city. It's so good that I'd give it five stars if it weren't for the smoke. As it is, I won't eat in LV "restaurants" that are attached to bars because the smoke smell ruins the food...but I make an exception for Triple Play. Outstanding philly steaks...it's just that simple.
4_star I like this place! I have had good experiences here although I've only been twice. If you were to compare any other places that have quick service (fast food) Backyard Taco has a much better quality of food. It's a little pricier than most fast food places but for the service and quality, it is worth it.
2_star Sigh, so many inexperienced pizza eaters here. Really, 4-5 stars? I can see possibly 3, but 4 or 5, wow, ever get down to Chicago, ever? This is crap pizza by Chicago standards. Good enough for Madison perhaps, and that's just sad. Thin, thick, deep-dish, stuffed, take a road-trip to Chicago and try it all, you will then know how to judge pizza. When desperate and stuck in Madison, this could do, but it sounds like Pizza Brutta would be a MUCH better choice. Of course they won't deliver to you, so you'll have to actually drive there. But in the end the pizza you will get will be such a better experience than this stuff. And yes. GNP has it's time and place, but best to avoid it if you can. It is better than Dominoes, Papa Johns, Pizza Hut, Little Ceasars, etc. but certainly not better than a real pizza place. I've had better pizza in Lake Geneva ffs, and that's not including the Gino's East there (which of course is from Chicago). yada yada yada, the best bet in Madison is to do the research and make your own pizza, it will certainly be better than GNP. The best part of GNP is the online ordering and the choices they offer. The problem is when I check "well-done" and then even write in, "well-done please :)" it is never well-done. blah blah blah, if you're high, I'm sure it's much better.
1_star If you like to go through an entire meal without utensils, have your personal space invaded by your server, and be pressured into ordering dessert, rainforest cafe in the mgm grand might be for you. We weren't expecting much from this place but the service we received was horrendous. The trouble began when our server Mike sat down at the table with us to take our order. He got a little close and periodically kept touching my friend during our visit. We both ordered appetizers for our meal: the quesadillas and spinach and artichoke dip which were subpar. We were never given forks or knives and had to ask for napkins that we finally ended up receiving after him telling us he was "a dick for forgetting napkins and straws", keep in mind there are children around. This didn't stop him from commenting on how his "ass" was in our faces when he was taking the couple next to our's order. Mike loved playing the blame game. I ordered a refill of my drink and when he forgot about it he blamed the bartenders and said that he wasn't sure if there was vodka in it. When the table next to our's food arrived 35 minutes later he told them that the rainforest cafe gets their kitchen staff from McDonald's - which is both insulting to his fellow employees and the intelligence of the customers. Before we started eating we knew we wanted to share the coveted sparkling volcano dessert. Not having mentioned this we were a little surprised when Mike aggressively said "here's a subliminal message" and slammed the sign for the dessert on our table. We ended up ordering it and of course once it arrived it was pretty bad. Mike seemed very frazzled the entire time even though his section didn't appear very busy. I strongly suggest that this establishment do some drug testing on their employees.
1_star The skin of the wings were rubber texture and not good. Took a bite and literally spit it out. Threw the rest away. There are several other places that have much better wings and wings are not there top menu item. Not sure how this place is still in business...
2_star I went in today about 2:30 pm and wanted to eat a shwarma sandwich, but the waitress said that they were out. So I ordered the chicken wrap. It was not that flavorful I thought compared to chicken shwarma sandwiches I've had. I was happy that we were getting a middle eastern arabic restaurant near siskey Y, but saddened that my order was not flavorful. The sandwich lacked tahini yogurt sauce and arabic pickles that traditional arabic food has. It was basically grilled chicken with tabouleh salad rolled in khubs (arabic pita). Not too happy! Entree's are so pricey, for a small 'cafe'. Lamb and kabob platters are outrageously pricey. Its not a full fledged restaurant that you need to have prices like this. 1/2 of Lebanese rotisserie chicken costs $10. I used to buy a full Lebanese rotisserie chicken from Middle Eastern Deli (long time ago on Sharon Amity), for $7. They should not be out of anything as they just opened!! LOL! I will try again to give them another chance.
1_star Don't know what has happened to this place but my meal there last night was honestly just NOT good. I have been here before and loved it...even going so far as to call it one of the best restaurants in Charlotte if not the best. Last night, that was far from the case...and on Valentines Day too! There were four of us in our party. We ordered a combination of the 3 course special menu and the regular a la carte menu. I had the lobster and truffle risotto which tasted so fishy I could not choke it down. My mom got the oysters Rockefeller which arrived like warm and salty as you can possibly imagine. My husbands butternut squash soup was also like warm and honestly tasted like something out of a Campbell's can (let's face it I've had better Campbell's). I sent mine back and got the mixed green salad instead. That was actually good although not outstanding which is what I expect from this type of restaurant. Still trying to be positive we moved on to the next course. Out of 3 dishes bc my husband and dad got the same thing, 2 were sent back. The scallops were gritty, fishy and just plain gross. My mom's swordfish was also fishy and tasted just "not fresh" is how I can describe it. The only decent dish was my filet, which I still had to be sent back to have cooked correctly bc my medium came out just plain rare. The dessert plate was decent and we did eat that, but all in all I was extremely underwhelmed and will NOT be dining here again unless they do something major with their kitchen. Even the manager seemed extremely inexperienced and barely uttered an apology for this disaster of a meal. Yuck!
5_star Went to the restaurant for my birthday dinner before a show. It was the best dinner my best friend and I have had in a long time. The service is outstanding.
2_star Yelp reviews took us to this restaurant and I have to say, it was a major disappointment. It began with the Waiter/Somellier who basically gave us the bums rush. We were barely seated before he decended and raced through the wine options without so much as a warm smile, introduction, welcome, or caring about the fact that my wife had been seated on the gap between two bench seats. Cutting to the end of the service, as he presented the bill he finally decided to smile and converse with us. Too late, buddy. Maybe it had something to do with the fact that we decided to order multiple appetizers rather than one main course each in order to sample as much of the fair as possible...who knows. The food was ok but not stellar. The foie gras was excellent but that's the only thing that I even remember from the meal. In fact, now that I'm writing this, I really can't recall what we ate, it was that unforgettable. Of course, it could have been an off-day. But hey - restaurants that charge this kind of money should never have an off=day. The wine tower was a novelty but I'm here for the food. This restaurant will be easy to walk past in future.
5_star We get their pho at least once a week. Everyone who works here is very friendly, especially the owner. Pho 68 also has the best pho broth in the east valley--I personally love #222 made spicy.
1_star The drive-thru cashier with glasses who worked today 10/18/17 at 12 AM was very rude. I will never go to this place at this time because of him. I ordered and paid $4 for 4 pcs chicken TENDERS but he gave us 4 pcs MCNUGGETS. He didn't give me receipt, but I noticed right after I got off from the drive-thru so I thought he would remember if I go back right away. But when I went back and told him, he said it was my fault because there was no specification, and I need to pay $2 more if I want to exchange it to tenders. If there was no specification, how can he receive order and make me pay $4 when 4 pcs mcnuggets are only $2??? If he told us more nicely, we would just forget about the $2 difference, but because of his rudeness we were so upset.
1_star Went to Euro Cafe last Friday evening for a bite to eat before a 7:30 show at the Hale Theater. We arrived at 5:30 ordered 2 glasses of wine and 2 beers immediately and our dinner by 5:45PM. The salads for the two entrees that came with a salad were not served until 6:22 without waiter apology or and update as to what was happening in the kitchen. The four entrees finally arrived at 6:36, more than an hour after we arrived. Not satisfactory at all! The place was packed and looked very under-staffed. On a show night, they should be more prepared to get guests in and out. We received no apology, no offer of any kind for our poor service. I ordered a simple Greek Salad that was so covered in feta cheese, that I couldn't eat it, too overwhelming. Not a return visit in our future.
5_star I really enjoyed Joyce G's review. It got me out of bed, off my can, and without Pre-ordering, went there to experience the place. I can not recall a more honest, down-to-earth place to get freshly prepared, excellent chicken. If you expect fast-food speeds, go get your hormone-infused chicken at a national chain. The people here are excellent! Not a chain! If you don't have 15 minutes to wait for excellent chicken, please call in your order in advance. I am willing to invest in this establishment...based upon the quality of the food & the atmosphere. The customers that came in while I waited for my order were acknowledged, and welcomed. The staff actually cared about their customers, and the quality of the meal. I opted to skip the wings included with my order, and they actually reduced my total bill to reflect this change. Nowhere, will you find better chicken and staff honesty than at Harold's! Please realize that this is a small, owner-operated establishment that will give you exactly what you desire...if you can give them a bit of time to prepare your meal, only after you place your order. Anybody that has been raised on chain-food, will be excused for their impatience...at their loss. PLEASE...call in your order...and enjoy a great chicken meal...in the store or to take-out. Rick Scollon
2_star First I must mention that my spouse and I, we like trying new cuisines & flavours, we go out for food at least once a week for very casual dining. We decided to go to this restaurant as we wanted to eat some type of Mediterranean cuisine. The place could have been a bit cleaner and tidy, all the tables were dirty and needed to be wiped down. The service was absolutely disappointing. The cashier was extremely moody when asked about certain menu items, acted annoyed by the questions. My wife decided to go with the Steak Stack, the downside is that they barely put any caramelized onions or Rosemary oil on the sandwich. I went with the Mediterranean Chicken which was dry. In conclusion the whole experience was not good, and very disappointing. We had heard such great things and this experience did not live up to it.
5_star Family owned. Inexpensive. I call my order in and its ready in ten minutes. Internet jukebox.. nice employees. Ten times better than competition
1_star This place deserves no stars. We went here after Christmas and couldn't wait to eat the pan fried dumplings. As my party of five walked in the doors I smelled a very strong, awful perfumy smell coming from the bathrooms which are right by the entrance. They do this to try to cover up a sewage smell coming from the restrooms but instead now smells like sewage and bathroom perfume mixed together. We decide to stay but try to get a seat in the back of the restaurant to avoid the smell. They had just opened so it was not busy at all but the two waitresses totally ignored us as we waited to be seated. I walk towards the back of the restaurant to get the waitresses attention when she starts just yelling and pointing "you no sit yourself, you go back there and wait." She yelled making the other two tables of people look up. So very rude. We left and will never come back. Doesn't matter how good your food is, don't treat your customers like crap, we pay your bills.
1_star Very expensive, not worth the small portions given. If you regularly eat good Filipino food, this is at best, tolerable. My parents cook Filipino food ten times better. I've never had Cebuano food before, and I'm probably not going to try it again. Gulaman was at least good.
4_star food ordered: BLT sandwich w/ fries & liquid defense juice food: BLT sandwich was nicely made, good portion of bacon in the sandwich. Liquid defense juice tasted good. misc: location is a tad bit small... seating for more than 4 people might be a little difficult. come early and seating wouldn't be too bad, but come later and it's a tight squeeze in the room. restaurant is located off the strip in an industrial strip mall looking area facing the fwy.
5_star Great affordable food and beers and great music. Only down side is the customer service but once you become a regular you won't need to deal with that since they'll be accustomed to your face .
2_star Wow, talk about shitty service. 3 different visits, 3 different servers, all starting and ending with disappointing service. Could the server have just a little more personality, just be more frickin courteous? By the way, our server for today was Kelly. My wife's plate didn't even come with what they advertised. Plates shoved on our table without saying excuse me, just ignored us at one point, knowing we needed to ask her a question. We love the food here, that's why we keep coming, but I honestly can say this might be our last visit
3_star Great location and atmosphere. After reading a few reviews, the bar was set, perhaps too high. Mediocre eggs Benedict; not much flavour. Great freshly squeezed oj and great maple latte. Toronto offers far better options.
4_star You wanna great breakfast? I mean a GREAT down home breakfast. This place will exceed your expectations. There is not a lot to say other than AWESOME! The lines are LONG. Why? Cuz it's worth it. The plates are filled with top notch food. EVERYTHING is great. Hell even the water is great. This can be like a mini trip to Disneyland on a Saturday or Sunday morning! Just go here and eat! You will thanks me. I reserve my 5 rating for certain dining experiences that usually are very expensive places. So it is tough for me to give Matt's a 5. Otherwise I would. This is one of the top 3 places to have breakfast in Phoenix!
3_star Amore Taste of Chicago is a far cry from authentic Chicago pizza, however it will hit the spot in the absence of a better choice. The restaurant doesnt have much atmosphere, i'd recommend getting your pie to go (especially if you dont want to wait the 45 mins it takes to bake). They have a large menu with pasta choices, apps, and some salads. House salad was decent, the creamy garlic dressing was super good. Their pizza crust is mediocre and a bit too crispy. The sauce is slightly sweet and not flavorful enough. The spinach on my pizza was the frozen kind and extremely watery, which threw off the entire thing. I would recommend getting a cheese pizza here when you are craving deep dish, since there arent many options in this area. It isnt bad, it's just not the best deep dish of my life.
5_star Food: We tried chicken Shawerma sandwich, Falafel plate and Fattoush salad, the first two were excellent and the salad was good. I can say that the food I tried comes very close to being authentic Middle-Eastern food which is not easy to do based on my experience in many different restaurants. Setting: decent dining area, you order like in a fast food setting but they will serve the food to your table. Time: the wait time was slightly on the longer side but they were serving a party of ~30 people ago relatively this was not bad. Price: average pricing, based on quantity and quality it's reasonably priced. Staff: very courteous.
5_star Lobster with Black Bean Sauce. Lobster with Ginger and Green Onion. Watercress. Fried rice. Hot sauce, please. That is all.
2_star I used to like this place. I remember the first time I came here, on New Year's Eve, and the food was excellent. So was the service. The server even let my friend take home a bottle of the special plum sauce because he liked it so much. However, both the food and service have gotten worse and worse and now I never want to eat here again. First, I realized they put MSG in the food unless you tell them not to. Wha? Should flavorful, spicy Thai food need MSG? And it labels itself as a healthy, vegetarian friendly place. The service is poor, it takes forever to get your food, and when you do get it you are invariably disappointed. Last time I ordered Vegetarian Pad Si Ew (normally my favorite Thai dish. I love the Chinese broccoli and yummy sauce). Figured since it was a vegetarian dish it would probably have tofu for protein, right? Wrong! It had no protein except a few small beans. It was also made with American broccoli, and the sauce tasted weird. It tasted like it had MSG in it, even though I requested none. The atmosphere of the restaurant is also quite weird. It's located in Commercial Center, within walking distance of Lotus of Siam... so just go there instead!
4_star This is a great place to celebrate a special occasion or treat yourself. The filet mignon with the Yukon mash was fantastic, and the service was phenomenal. My steak was a little on the rare side for my liking, but they put it back on for a few minutes and threw in a free desert for the trouble. Top notch food and service!
5_star Los Gemelos throws straight heat. The Sopes are life changing. Go cop (2) Sopes (pastor + steak) and a pineapple Jaritos. Just trust me.
4_star Bottomline: Great food, healthy choices, nice ambience, but mediocre service We came from Hamilton for a b-day dinner. Excellent in terms of presentation, flavour, and taste. One of the best veg places I've been to and I've been to a lot. We ordered for food the Burstin' burito (the best), Nachos, Coconut curry noodles. Mediterranean starter, Beet Ravoli and Chocolate Ganache mint cake. For drinks pink lady, muddy waters and green juice. All excellent. Compliments to the chef. She was busy tonight and the food came in good time. Totaling 130 dollars. We don't mind spending more on quality organic foods. Front of house is definitely the biggest let down. Not very friendly, welcoming, and on top of things. Perhaps they need two people t work on Fridays and Saturday nights. Not a mention of house specials, drink refreshments, or checking in or even a bid farewell. For a smaller intimate restaurant you would expect a bit more.
4_star I went here on a Tuesday morning about a month ago for the first time. I've passed by on the weekends and because it was always packed never stopped in. Finally it looked not too busy but it was still a little busy! Our waitress was friendly and prompt. The V12 tomato juice made in house was one of the best things I've tasted. The omelette I got was delicious, the fruit was fresh and service was very nice. I can't wait to go back for some more delicious food!
2_star I wanted to like it, but it fell flat. First of all I told the girl who answered the phone what size (a large) and what toppings we wanted on our pizza. She responded by asking me if I wanted an extra large or a Super. I restated that I wanted a large, then she asked what I wanted on it, apparently not catching any of what I said. We ordered 2 toppings, nothing fancy. The crust was undercooked. A big no no when you've got thin crust pizza, It needs to be cooked to stand up to toppings. Also there is a delicate balance when it comes to how much sauce, cheese, additional toppings on a thin crust in particular. There was just way too much everything. The pizza was heavy and soggy. The flavor itself was alright. I'd give it a C+, but the undercooked crust and too much topping made this pizza an overall disappointment. I've heard people say that it's better if you eat in. Perhaps I would try it again, but the lack of good customer service plus crappy pizza was disappointing.
3_star Last few deliveries the quality has been dropping :( our pouting last night had watery gravy with no taste. It was no thicker than a soup. Very disappointed this is the 3rd time the quality has not been great. Please Nikas get your act together.
4_star Just opened recently, and I would say as Jack-In-The-Boxes go, this is one of the nicer ones. Dining room is pretty small, and every time I've gone there the tables were dirty because nobody is cleaning them, but otherwise its a nice place in an area with limited low-cost options.
5_star The burger was super good and juicy ! I got the Swiss and mushroom burger and customer service was great. I met the nice lady who owned the business and got to make a little small talk about who's the cook and stuff. She's super sweet and is and ways smiling ! Not to mention the burger was fulfilling and satisfying ! Will definitely come back! (:
5_star The lavender infused latte is completely off the hook. The staff is friendly and so were the other customers around. A truly local feel. This is the kind of place that builds communities.
2_star Avoid this and Nobu at all cost if you really love your sushi and sashimi. I was served frozen Tilapia when i ordered Tai. I know my sashimi! 3 star michelin prices, for the price i get fresh wasabi and top grade shoyu in Japan.
1_star Awful service. Indian couple in front Of us treated extremely poorly and talked down to rudely when they asked for vegetarian beans instead of black beans, When I ordered my food they gave me literal scraps left in the pan, maybe like 7 pieces of dice chicken and half a spoon of rice, the food maybe took up one quarter of a bowl I ordered a chicken bowl, ridiculous. I was also treated poorly the girl rolled her eyes when I asked if I could have more meat and told me she would have to charge me double meat, what a joke, I didn't even get a half a spoonful of meat. I literally walked out, I just couldnt justify paying for such crap and terrible service. Went to earl of sandwich, same price way better food and service. DON'T EAT AT ROCKIN TACO.
1_star O m G. Wow. Ordered the Caesar salad w/ chicken. $17. It took like a 1/2 hour-45 mins. Wasn't even an actual salad. Just peeled and very soggy whole lettuce leaves...wth?!! Did not come with croutons but a piece of bread that was suppose to pass for croutons. Waited a while and order the Famous Frozen Hot Chocolate...very sloppy and I was very disappointed. The tower of whipped cream fell over right after I got it and it was just melting down the sides of the glass. On top of the good things I had heard, it's just a fancy $10 ice cold chocolate milk. Might try the Serendipity in NY but def won't come here again. Paid $30 total for lettuce, Sierra Mist and chocolate milk.
5_star Great breakfast/lunch place. The coffee was better than usual. Pancakes that were light and fluffy, but not just air--still had substance to them. My wife had an omelet that she said was very good. Prices are very reasonable.
2_star Was so looking forward to a great meal, very disappointing. The restaurant was very noisy and the music was very loud. Had to yell to friends across the table. Food was cooked okay, however, no presentation. Was here our first night, first time in Vegas. The following days saw many more interesting restaurants, and watched beautiful plates pass by...which is what I will do next time with this restaurant.
5_star Totální top. N?jaký filipínský gulá s ryou. píz taky flex. Rozhodne doporucuju. Jo a hajzle pekné.
5_star As soon as you step inside, your first thought will likely be that there is no possible way this place was built to be an Indian restaurant. The entrance way is virtually non-existent, and stepping through the front door immediately plunges you into the middle of the usually busy and oddly laid out dining room. At the back, a long wooden bar--the type you'd feel comfortable seeing in a Boston Pizza--eclipses the view entirely. The bar is far too big, and completely takes away from the Indian experience, and the only décor to be found is some dated Indian travel posters and a few paintings themed of elephants and palm trees. But trust me, it doesn't matter in the slightest. You likely won't even notice. Why? Because this place churns out some seriously outstanding Indian food that would be just as good if it was served on a picnic table in the neighbouring Christie Pits Park. Savoury and creamy butter chicken, seasoned and spiced chicken masala, bright and soft saffron rice; all of the items you'd expect to see on an Indian menu are here. I've been here a few times, and my opinion is that the best way to order is to share, especially if your experience with Indian food is limited. Ordering a few samosas (meat patties) and cauliflower pakoras (chickpea battered cauliflower), and some peas pulao (flavoured basmati rice), a bowl of chicken masala (chicken with yogourt and spices), a bowl of fish curry (masala spiced-salmon) and a plate of naan bread (Tandoori-fried bread) for example, allows you to try a lot of different things, and can be more than enough to accommodate upwards of 6 people. Now, I don't want to just casually mention the naan bread like that. I'd be doing it a profound injustice. It is absolutely to-die-for beyond good. It is never made ahead of time; it's made right when you order it. It's soft, cooked perfectly, and has a slight charcoal flavour from being expertly cooked in the tandoor. I've stopped in before just to pick up a few pieces of naan and nothing else. If you're there, definitely order it. Pleasantly enough, this place is never at a loss for staff. Any evening you decide to go, you're sure to be taken care of. One of the things--and I cant believe I'm saying this--is that this place may actually be overstaffed. I've gone there before and felt as if I may have been the server's only table, despite being a packed house. It's a true joy to experience. I know I said that the ugly bar and awkward entrance-way don't matter, and they don't for me. But if you're after more than just amazing Indian food, like say, an authentic setting and traditionally dressed staff, then you may want to keep looking; you won't find that here. What you will find is skillfully cooked, delicious food served to you by exceptionally attentive, friendly staff.
2_star I came to this place to eat tacos, and I was not impressed by the taste of the meat. I haven't tried anything else, but I don't think I'm coming back. I would not recommend it.
5_star I ate at several Mexican restaurants around here and this was hands down the best. The guacamole was fresh and had little chucks of avocado which I love. The salsa was full of flavor with a hint of hot afterwards . I had a pork burrito that had amazing flavor and a beef taco that again was perfect. My wife had a chili relleno that was excellent and our friends also loved their dishes. The patio is nice this time of the year. I would recommend this restaurant to anyone looking for REAL Mexican food not a tex-mex or American Mexican place. You will not be disappointed if you like authentic Mexican food.
5_star John A my server recommended the best chicken and waffles I have ever had. The cajun backed fish and smothered chicken outstanding. We will be be tomorrow.
4_star Pretty much the only place to get a decent Persian meal in Phoenix.
1_star After living on the east coast and sampling some of the best pizza there is to offer, I was incredibly disappointed in the pizza here. I actually had decent expectations. I was wrong. First, when I received my pizza, it was cold. To the point that the crust was slimey. In terms of the tomato sauce, chef - use some salt, would you? It was bland. Salt is a catalyst in "conveying" flavor. Charred crust can be delicious; however, they have managed to make it bitter to the point of no return. And the basil. Oh don't get me started. I love basil, but the basil on my pie was rotten. To be honest, Little Ceasars is better tasting, and I don't like Little Ceasars very much. Don't brag about how amazing your pizza is when in all reality, it's nothing to write home about. I would rather pay to fly back to the east coast and get Pepe's or Lombardi's than to ever eat this "pie" again.
3_star Man.. Breakfast places that are open on Sunday are ridiculous to find in Cleveland. With the help of yelp... We were able to locate this little gem and get a breakfast that hit the spot. The menu wasn't overwhelming and the food was reminiscent of alot greasy spoons in Chicago. We both were happy with the food... Just wished our waitress was better. I'm pretty sure she forgot we were there except when it was time to collect the bill. We had to chase her down for syrup, etc.. And overall just felt like we spent a lot of time waiting.
1_star I actually started this review four months ago but decided not to post it because I was afraid I was being unnecessarily harsh. However, I told the story to someone recently and the first thing they asked was if I posted it on Yelp because it's pretty bad. So since my unfinished saved review was staring me in the face as I logged in today, I figured I'd just do it. I could just sum up my whole review now and say don't waste your time because all this place gave me was horrible service, high prices, and generic food, but I figure I should give more evidence to back it up. I recently moved back to town and was excited to see an Italian restaurant right around the corner from my new home so I wanted to try it out ASAP. When you walk in the door it is very unclear what you are supposed to do. No one greets you, no one seats you, nothing. There are menus on the tables and a sign that says "ORDER HERE" at the counter. We sat down for a minute to look at the menu but no one came over to help us so we figured we had to go up to the counter to order. We were helped by an older gentleman. I'm not sure if he was the owner. Based on the conversation he was having with another customer (who was clearly more important than we were) I think he was. I ordered the gnocchi and my health conscious friend ordered a turkey sub. We have a serious lack of Italian restaurants here in Chandler so it is very hard to find gnocchi. Because of this, I order it whenever I have the chance. I was so excited to see it on the menu I immediately discarded my plan of ordering pizza. I've had gnocchi dozens of times in my life, both good and bad. This stuff was awful. It wasn't even edible. I never complain about food, I just eat it. I couldn't do it this time. I brought it back up to the counter and politely asked for something else. The older gentleman rudely asked why and when I explained and he said "that's how it's supposed to be." He agreed to make me some basic spaghetti when he realized I wasn't going to just take it back to my table and stare at it. In the meantime my friend ate her turkey sub. It wasn't very good, either. Very expensive for three pieces of turkey, but I guess you shouldn't have high hopes when you order turkey at a pizza place. While I was waiting for my replacement spaghetti I watched her eat the entire sub. It didn't take long. I also watched the older gentleman who was "helping" us proceed to leave the restaurant, get into his vehicle (parked right up front in a handicapped parking spot), and drive away. My friend jokingly said "hah, you're never getting your spaghetti now." She was right. I went up to the counter about ten minutes later to inquire about my food and the girl that was now in charge had no idea what I was talking about. She didn't offer to make me the spaghetti herself, she didn't apologize, nothing. I paid for our drinks and the overpriced turkey sub (which she tried to overcharge me for as well!) and we left very unhappy. I enjoyed a wonderful meal across the parking lot at Taco Bell instead that night.
5_star I love this place. Me and a buddy have had literally every pizza on the menu. We go for lunch and split a pizza, get water to drink, we're out for $9 each. You really cannot go wrong, and half of the pizza (the normal size, not the personal size they introduced a month ago) is usually too much food. What we usually do now is get the spicy salami (...i think it was salami) as an added item on 1 of the pizzas. I then add sauce and a mix of parmesan and pepper flakes. My friend doesn't add the sauce. They also have those little spicy peppers from Italy you can add yourself, I eat 3-4 of these and love it. But they are spicy, be warned. Last time we went they just started offering salads, and the manager just came and gave us 2 salads! We don't know them, are not in the family, but they are just really nice. Service here is always super fast, which is what you want at lunch. I can't usually afford more than 45 minutes or so, including drive time, and this place fits the bill with an 8+ minute drive. Now this place is authentic, so don't come expecting Dominos or Pizza Hut style pizza. This is for people who want to enjoy some of the best of Italian ingredients and methods. Of course it is true that Americans are usually disappointed by Italian pizza, I had a typical tourist pie in Rome once (with the anchovy) and was not impressed. A pizza I had in Perugia was somewhat better, but in general I stuck to pasta the rest of my time on those visits. Alino's pizza is how I always wanted authentic Italian pizza to be - authentic ingredients prepared well, not leaving hungry.
3_star We came for my brothers birthday. We had a new waitress named Kim she was really nice and for handling a crowd of 11+ I must say she did pretty well. Being from Haiti I expected more food wise. The Pollo Fritos lacked seasoning and the rice was slightly undercooked and also lacking seasoning. Would I go back? Yes I just think the crowd we brought in was overwhelming and they weren't prepared for a large crowd on a Monday night. To be honest although our waitress was by herself as a newbie the other waitress that was there should have jumped in to try to help but they didn't.
3_star Average pizza could be better!! And the portion size is very big like who needs a 28 inch pizza slice
2_star I can not believe the 4 and 5 star ratings here. No Way! Went to happy hour where you had to sit at the bar to get happy hour prices. Dining room doesn't count. OK, whatever. Wanted to sample several things so ordered some appetizers. Here's the bottom line: The fat fries were OK but nothing special. Typical bar fare fries. I would expect fries in a place like this to be hot and crispy, not limp and mushy. The Chicken Wings are the same chicken wings you get in almost any bar anywhere, covered in off-the-grocery-store-shelf Louisiana Hot Sauce. Nothing special at all. Very average. Perhaps the most disappointing were the Sliders... First, for $6.95, they only give you 2 instead of the standard 3. More importantly, if I go to a place promoting itself as a superior, signature burger restaurant, I would expect the burgers to be extra-ordinary. Not only were they perfectly ordinary but they were the smallest sliders I think I've ever seen, about the diameter of a silver dollar. They were bland and dry, no flavor. I don't even think they were seasoned with salt and pepper. They came with cheese and a pickle slice. The cheese looked like the cheese that comes individually wrapped in plastic, not even melted.
2_star I give this place 2 stars because the customer service was very friendly and great! other than that the place is kinda dirty (grungy) and the food was over priced. The food was not horrible but nothing to brag about either. I felt like i could have made the same in my own kitchen but probably better. drinks are over priced as well. they have a happy hour but not really happy hour prices. Personally I wont be going back.
2_star We are regulars at Maylee's and really enjoy the food I would rate it 5 stars, but the last 4 times we have came to eat we have had the worst service, from rushing us to eat to having a bad attitude and it's very unwelcoming. It's too bad we run into these issues because We constantly bring out of town guests to also enjoy. Hoping Managment starts realizing what's happening and brings in some friendlier people
3_star There is a rooftop area and often a crowd, so you should check it out for drinks. The food is OK but nothing special.
1_star Just got done eating here and I was very disappointed. I threw my burger in the trash after two bites! We definitely won't be back! Burger was nothing different than what you get at McDonalds and the fries are way overpriced for the portion you receive and not fresh tasting. Pretty sure they won't be open for long, especially when you've got 5 Guys and In-N-Out burger nearby.
5_star Classy, classy classy. So classy I was inspired to become a yelper and write a review. The spectacular signature cocktails, the amazing small bites, the professionalism of the management and staff...this is a refreshing addition to the Playhouse Square food scene, and in all honesty, a refreshing add to the restaurant scene in the Cleveland area alone. The decor and class this establishment exudes is so welcomed. Cleveland is making a serious comeback, particularly Playhouse Square, and this establishment is spot on. Whether you're catching a show or simply wanting to be a part of all that has been blossoming in the area, Bin 216 is a lovely place to spend some time before or after a show... or simply to spend a nice quiet evening over great food and drink for the heck of it. Keep up the amazing work! Bravo Bin 216, bravo.
5_star I will be back to this place again... 1. Food was really good and the price is amazing for the value 2. The service was friendly, speedy and attentive - considering the food was so good, the service could have been half-hearted and I would still consider the place to be a great place to eat. 3. The atmosphere of the place was nice - nothing fancy - contemporary but with some unique feature 4. BYOB
5_star Absolutely the best cookies and cannolis on the east side. High quality ingredients- I have a very discerning palate- ordered a cookie tray and Cannoli kits for a wake and had no time for issues. They came through with an extra Large Platter of cookies, great cannolis and I wish I could give them 10 stars. Can't wait to go back for more.
5_star Absolutely delicious!! The cesar salad was good & pasta dishes delicious. The food was hot & the service was great! Can't wait to go back again.
4_star Great wings...cool place to chill
3_star Finally got to check out Zada Janes this weekend for brunch. I had the special blueberry and strawberry pancakes, sadly came out missing any strawberries and sparse on the blueberries. Boyfriends hash was reeeeeally good, I'll try the savory breakfast options next time. Service was slow and uninterested.
2_star Continuing my quest to find a great burger in Montreal, I had to schedule a stop at Cheeburger Cheeburger. Unfortunately, the quest will not end today. Retro 50's style decor is OK. The menu was well translated, considering this Montreal location is Cheeburger's one and only Canadian restaurant. Gotta be happy about that. Service was friendly but could've been more attentive, especially since most of the waitstaff were taking smoke breaks every 15mins outside.. and the place was almost empty. Two major problems with this place: 1- The Burgers 2- The Price What a disappointment. My only reason for going there was to finally try a burger cooked "medium" ,not those dry, hard burgers we are so used to in this city. So I was very happy to order "The Serious" burger, cooked medium. What I got was a burger with a 90-10% dark to pink meat ratio. Which is not "medium". The burger was bland, not juicy and was lacking big time flavor. We got the mix basket of fries and onion rings. They were thin and crispy, with very good flavor, not too salty. We finished the basket and wished we had ordered a bigger size, so for two, I would recommend going with the full portion not the half. I agree that the selection of toppings and cheeses you can put on the burger is great, but what I want to taste is the meat!!!!! So for 2 burgers, fries and drink, expect to pay at least 40$+tx+tip. This is outrageous. Period. We left the restaurant feeling completely ripped off. Five Guys is a much better option. Trust me.
3_star Great coffee, phenomenal pancakes, and the rest of their menu is delicious...but the service is lacking.
2_star First time here and service was great and restaurant looks well kept! In regards to food Garlic knots were delicious, however their meat and food quality overall definitely needs improvement. Both my husband and I got a sort of pasta. The meat on the lasagna and the meatballs were NOT good and the entire plate looked and tasted like it came out of a box from the grocery store. We wouldn't mind coming back to try the pizza as we saw others eating this and it looked good, but we definitely won't be getting any of their pasta again.
3_star I ordered the vegetable udon meal - are with a bowl of salad and spicy tuna maki (6 small pieces). I also shared a plate of spicy salmon pizza with my friend. Price - $18 tip and tax in. Pizza was tasty but a little expensive. Salad and maki were generic in flavour and appearance. Udon was less than desirable and contained very little vegetables. Overall - only 3 stars compared to restaurants in this location (Yonge and Lawrence).
3_star My wife and I had a late breakfast at Scramble earlier this morning. We live nearby and passed by it countless times, but this was our first time stopping in. The first surprise was the restaurant does not offer traditional waiter service. You order and pay when you arrive, and the food is brought to your table when it's ready. Technically speaking, it's fast food. Our food arrived promptly, and my wife's initial reaction was her omelet was the best she ever had. The potatoes that came with my biscuits and sausage gravy were delightful. However, the biscuits themselves were just okay, and the sausage gravy was merely so-so. The contemporary atmosphere was mostly pleasant, although the numerous televisions were a distraction. The place is definitely not cheap. With one breakfast entree and one beverage each, we paid about $22 for the two of us. It might be good for an occasional splurge with out-of-town guests, but it certainly won't become a regular breakfast joint.
1_star We were in Vegas 10-30-15. Walked by BurGR and decided we would have something to eat since we both enjoy GR's shows. It was a huge disappointment! The restaurant was not full but we decided to sit at the bar. Bartender (female) was so busy on her cell phone that after 15 minutes a second bar tender arrived and asked for our drink order. No one else was sitting at the bar and no other drinks were being made during this time! We then ordered burgers and were told it would be 25 minutes. After 40 minutes we asked for progress and were told it would be another 25 minutes. After sitting for an hour we paid our drink tab and left. Why it takes 25 minutes even for a premium burger is beyond me. The lack of customer care was impressive for a situation where the competition in food service is huge. Also disappointing is a TV star who's focus is on perfection puts his name on a poorly run establishment. We ate elsewhere that evening and see no reason to try another GR restaurant brand.
3_star THE BEST PIE! (But the food is just ok) To enjoy a slice of their chocolate peanut butter pie is an absolute MUST! The slices are huge, and they are so rich and delicious. The other varieties of pie are good as well, but the chocolate peanut butter cannot be beat. With that said, the food is just ok... or slightly worse. I've eaten their twice and only go back for dessert now. The salad bar is nice and the service is above-average. Whatever you do, DO NOT GET GRAVY! It is like some nasty, brown jello. Wait, did I mention how delicious the chocolate peanut butter pie is???
5_star I really love this place because it's so cheap but so good. The shrimp wontons are so big and fresh. One thing I really love about the wontons is that fact that the shrimps they use are very clean and do not have black "vein" in them. (I'm usually not a picky eater but I don't trust anyone or any place that leaves it in.) They're also seasoned simply but are very flavourful. I tried both the egg and the rice noodles and they were both great but I prefer the egg noodles because they're more al dente. The broth is light so you can customize it with the chilly oil and vinegar. I really like their chilly oil because they make it themselves and it's fragrant. A little goes a long way. I got take out the last time and it took less than 5 minutes for them to package everything up for you. Very good food and service.
1_star Sure, funky warm colors, fresh air, and great location--but not Mexican food. Definitely a disappointment! Someone please open a taqueria on the East End! Service was mediocre.
2_star No substitutions. No fried rice. The only good thing was the egg roll. I ordered general tso's chicken. It was good at first. Light coating, light crisp to it. But after a few bites I found there to be too much of a certain flavor. It almost made my stomach turn. The brown rice I had to get was flavorless and got ruined even more when I put soy sauce on it to try and add some flavor. The portion was pretty small compared to some better Chinese places I've been to around town (check out Thai House on S Maryland pkwy in Henderson!). Suffice it to say that I will definitely not be returning here. I'll go back to my preferred places. Either Thai House or Golden flower on Russell and pecos.
2_star Food was decent but not consistent. One lobster taco was cooked perfectly and the other was like rubber. I did enjoy the flavors, though, and the presentation was okay. Still, two stars because neither my dinner-mate or I actually ordered a lobster taco at all. I knew we were in trouble when the server didn't write anything down and we both had a three taco combo. Talking to said waiter/bartender was impossible because he was in such a hurry and it was so loud anyway. I tried to catch his attention once as he ran by but that didn't work out... So we ate what we got. Why were we seated in the bar, you ask? We made a dinner reservation online at Cien Agaves' website but something was wrong with the system that day. Not sure if that was a technical or human fault but whatever. The only option was outside... At the end of June... Or in the bar. I actually saw another couple go spend some time outside and then leave, fanning themselves. I'd like to try some of the other offerings but that's not likely to happen until it looks like they get their systems sorted out. That includes order taking, reservation taking, and uniform cooking. Will check back in the future to see what other people have to say.
4_star I was pleasantly surprised by our recent experience at Lopez. It is a locally owned vibrant neighborhood spot with a great patio so we gave it another chance. The food used to be fantastic, but of late it had been mediocre to downright bad. However, this last visit the food was, dare I say, good. We had the special burrito which was delicious, and the shrimp tacos were spicy and flavorful. We did not order guacamole, it is SO BAD there it just makes me angry. Do they buy it prepared or make it in the morning and load it up with chemicals? It has been such a huge disappointment that we avoided it. Also, I don't know why people like the margaritas, they taste like the bottled stuff from the grocery store. In a restaurant of that caliber I expect some fresh tasting lime juice in there. Bottom line- GO! Enjoy the patio, the indoor ambience, the fabulous service. Be judicious in what you order, and you will have a nice dining experience.
1_star The service was extremely slow. People seated after us received their food prior to us. Had to ask and wait for eating utensils. Much different service than our previous other visits
3_star We had a company after hours event at Kazimierz for about 15 people and the food, wine and service (from our waiter) was great but the event planner was terrible. Her name is Samantha. It was like pulling teeth to get answers out of her for anything leading up to the event and also went out of town for a week without giving us any notice. We were on deadline to get invites out and plan our speaker. We're trying to spend a lot of money at your restaurant, why is it so hard to get back to us? After the event was over, the person who paid didn't get a receipt so I contacted Samantha and got no reply. Keep in mind, the person who put the bill on their credit card needed the receipt to get reimbursed by the company. Fast forward 4 emails and 3 voice mails later from me and about the same amount from my coworker and still no reply. Finally, she emails my coworker saying she faxed it to us. We never received the fax. We emailed her two more times and left her 3 more voice mails and still have not heard anything. It's currently August 16th. Our event was June 26th. Absolutely ridiculous and we will never be hosting a company event at Kazimierz again.
3_star This Jack in the Box location was very clean inside. There was a homeless man in there, but he wasn't disturbing anyone. The funny thing about Jack is that this is the only place where I think you can eat TACOS with RANCH. There was this automated stand to order your food and if you used it, you would get free 5-piece churros. Their churros are different, because even though it has sugar all over it, it had a cinnamon-sweet filling on the inside. Their curly fries are way better than regular fries. Their breakfast burritos are pretty good, but you don't get a bite of everything in each bite. One time the whole top was all egg and the bottom had all the steak.
2_star I really expected something more refined. The entrance is so grand with its own elevator and lobby area. They use universal wine glasses for water glasses, which I found quite off. I ordered the flat iron steak special, it was bland. Thankfully there was bacon on the side to the rescue my husband ordered the lamb sausage hash. It very tasty but wasn't balanced. They sausage was overwhelming and needed more potatoes to level the dish. The brio he bread was really good. For some reason, the waitrons have table cloths wrapped around their waist. Service was just like their food, bland, nothing special. If you want a fancy breakfast with good food, go to tableau at the Wynn.
2_star Blue Wasabi is a very Americanized sushi bar. I'm not used to getting Cocktails with my sushi. I cannot remember anything outstanding from this place, nor can I remember anything that me and my party ordered here. If you love sushi, try Fresh Wasabi in Glendale or Hiro Sushi in Scottsdale. You will be glad that you did. It's cheaper and tastes better.
2_star There was a problem with communication between the waitress and the cook. My lady ordered a skillet with no onions and she got one full of onions. She had to wait like, 20 mins to get the order right. Then, we called the manager over and he apologized and offer free french toast. I think her meal should have been free. I was almost finished with my meal when she started. It was not a.good experience At least my meal was good. The peanut butter chocolate chip pancakes were excellent.
1_star One of the worst dining experiences EVER! Spicy Thai Noodle dish tasted like bad takeout, Curry Noodle Soup was bland and flavourless, Udon noodles were disgusting. Service was slow and terrible. Made me and my spouse really sick and waste the rest of the afternoon.
2_star We ate there yesterday and all I can say is the food was ok, average no the best Mexican I ever had but good, the real downfall for me was the waitress , bus boy was good and quick with chips and salsa but other than that service sucked!!!!
5_star Absolutely the best sandwich and waffle fries. Also a very fresh salad. Ordered the club sandwich and southwest turkey sandwich both on fresh ciabatta. Highly recommend.
1_star Went there with a few people and it seemed like a good choice. Two of the people in my party ordered chicken and waffles and I ordered the crispy spiced chicken breast sandwich. The plates looked great but both chicken and waffle dishes were raw. Really disgusting. The chicken sandwich was undercooked as well. Never going back there. The server was very understanding about it all. The manager on the other hand didn't seem to sincerely care at all. Really too bad. I cannot recommend this establishment at all. Raw chicken doesn't deserve any stars.
3_star crazy busy on weekends... good food, but order it for pickup. Good omelets
4_star I live in the area but had not been yet. I went with a party of 6 for brunch and it was delicious. Our kids had delicious lemon poppy seed waffles, I had a mixed grill hash skillet with chorizo, salsa, beautifully poached eggs and home fries. It was great. While the portions were not overly large, they were enough. The braised beef eggs benedict were served atop home baked cheese biscuits. Also good. The atmosphere and service is laid back and hipsterish, but not over the top. We will be going back.
3_star I find the Whippoorwill menu a little odd and have had a hard time convincing friends to come-with. Finally a brave friend agreed to join me and we went for an early dinner last night. Our server was lovely and the service was very good. She explained everything about the menu. She also recommended the number of dishes we should order which also seemed a little odd but no worries. They have a good selection of beers. I didn't really check out the wine but they have a new wine list. My friend had chicken wings and I had gnocchi. We shared the shaved veg salad. We both had the lemon pavlova for dessert. The salad was nice and crisp with lots of flavour. My friend really enjoyed her chicken wings including the fantabulous sculptural presentation. The gnocchi was nice and I liked that they were fried and a bit crispy. The sauce was a bit thick maybe but it sits under the gnocchi so you can choose how much sauce you want to eat and I liked that. This dish is quite oniony. It is a little like a cross between gnocchi and perogies :) In a good way. The pavlova is HUGE and very sweet (of course). It was nice and lemony. I couldn't finish mine. The food here is good. Not AMAZING but good. We arrived quite early and it was quiet when we got there. There were quite a few little kids eating there. They like the meatballs on toast. It got quite lively while we were there and there seemed to be a bit of a neighbourhood bar vibe happening. It is a fun place.
4_star Very good, very fresh! The menu is not as large as I would like, but they were able to make new things on the spot with the ingredients they have which is pretty awesome. The staff/chef were really nice, the place was clean and the food was good.
1_star Went in around 1pm today 8/2/2016. Went in the front door and there were no employees to greet me. Two ladies were in front of us, who were also customers. I heard a girl yell to us, "COME ON BACK" and pointed to the dining area. When my mother and sister joined me from the restroom, we went to the dining area, located a clean table and sat down. Approximately 5 minutes went by when the waitress who yelled "COME ON BACK" approached us with menu's stating that we "were not 'seated' ". She latered appeared and served a table their food at which time she stated to another employee that we "we're not 'seated' ". We sat another 5 minutes before leaving the restaurant after 15 minutes and still no service. We spent 50 dollars at Garcia's right down the road and it was delicious.
4_star Good Texas Brisket served the way you like it, either moist or lean with sliced white bread. The ribs were ok, the beans plain and the sausage was again just ok but their brisket is great! I will be back!
1_star Figured I'd give this place another shot with so much rave reviews. This establishment failed again. My double burger was salty and pretty greasy...and my fries at first taste tasted like it was sitting in oil for a while. It tasted like French fried chips and the texture was like a chip. Way over cooked...and crunchy as hell!! Will never be here again. Just go to 5 guys...it's always consistent there.
1_star Honestly I'm not impressed. And this is hard to say because I was so excited to try MACS! I couldn't finish my lunch, there was just nothing good about the quality or taste of the product. I definitely prefer noodles and company over MACS.
1_star The Caribou affiliation has ruined this place. coffee and bagel used to be $3.20 with the reusable mug, since the change to Caribou the price has gone up twice and is now $5.76! I won't even talk about how poorly the place is now laid out. I now go down the road to Chompies and pay 25% less than Caribou.
4_star Went with a family of 5 and paid around $50 for burgers, fries and drinks. You can pick the size and how they prepare the burger. They also have options of chicken, buffalo, turkey and elk. They have 1/3, 1/2 and 2/3 lb. You can build your own or get a specialty burger. I got a 1/3 lb med done burger meal. The burger was cooked perfect and tasted good and juicy. The fries were seasoned wedges. The seasoning was good but may have been a little over seasoned. One of my kids didn't like the fries at all. The bun is buttered and grilled and they have a small topping buffet. Over all food was good and wasn't too expensive. The place wasn't busy. We ordered and had our food in about 5 mins.The kids meals were around $5.25 and includes burger, fries, drink and a cookie. We don't live too close but was worth the drive and will be back.
1_star This place used to be amazing. I started eating here in late 2007, and they had by far the best General Tso's chicken I've ever had, and very good egg fried rice. Sometime around 2010 it all changed drastically. I've gone back several times since then, and it has not been great, but this last time I went it was just horrible. I ordered the same chicken, but some of the pieces were not cooked through, I had shell in my egg fried rice, and they were both very bland. It makes me very sad because there really aren't any good Chinese restaurants on the west side, and to say that I'll never go here again is not something I easily do, but this place is just not worth it anymore.
1_star Food wasn't horrible, I would however expect it to be better considering we are in Arizona not the Midwest. The service was horrible. We were never greeted, girl taking out order was extremely rude, when asked how her night night was we were ignored and received an eye roll in return. She even sat down with her friends at a table and proceeded to shout profanities so that the whole restaurant could hear. I will NOT be coming back due to the lack of respect employed show towards their patrons.
1_star This place has limited seating and still cannot handle the capacity of people. We waited over an hour for our food just so we can be served cold soup and sandwiches. Coffee was lukewarm. Despite the effort from the servers, it was not an ideal experience.
2_star I always walked in front of it on my way to some friend's place and I recently decided to try it out. I have to say it's not the best place, the prices are a bit high when compared to other places and the food lacks in flavour. if you're a fan of spicy food, they can go very high on the spicy scale.
5_star I am a sucker for good service, and this place has excellent service. Professional and friendly. Very conscientious about food allergies. I was most impressed when my fork dropped from the table, and the server came over with a new place setting because he heard the clatter from the other side of the restaurant. Wow! The food was pretty good too. Dishes that I haven't seen around Toronto. A mix of Southern and classic American I guess. I highly recommend the seafood etouffee (like a mild seafood jumbalaya). Lots of taste packed into one bowl. The price is a little high, but it's a nice place and I'd definitely go back to try the spare ribs with root beer.
4_star Honestly, this restaurant does not look very appealing but is one of my favorite places for dim sum without paying an arm and a leg for. Make sure to get a table near the front part of the restaurant otherwise you'll need to wait for the carts to make it around you. This is also one of the few restaurants that I enjoy dining at for dim sum and also dinner.
1_star Don't waste your money going to this filthy slow paced forgetful restaurant that's overpriced not one of the things ordered was done right the drinks came out wrong the pizza was forgotten the fries were cold the table was sticky and the restaurant was dirty this service was slow and they forgot everything.
3_star Its so hard to find a good asian buffet. Theres A huge selection of food for a awesome price. Unlimited crab legs. There must be 40+ appetizers, entrees and desserts. Im giving a 3 stars because though the food tastes good, they could keep up wth the bathrooms better for as busy as they are. That is obviously very important.
1_star Never eat here! I have eaten at a lot of Thai places in Las Vegas.after Reading the reviews and I decided i would try Lao Thai kitchen. Me and my wife ordered what we always order to go. The food was an abomination. I have never ate anything so putrid in my life. We ordered four or 5 different items and they were all terrible. I recommend any thai place other then this one. Im considering having the food sent out for testing it was such questionable meat. I had chicken, she had duck( we think)
2_star 10$ for a 3 piece tender meal. I got the world's smallest tenders. Definitely not worth the price. Very disappointed. They didn't even offer to switch out tenders..
2_star I decided to try this place out as it was the only viet place around the area and I was craving pho. The pho was done extremely poor as the broth was very salty and dark which from first look you can tell its not very "traditional". The beef was super over cooked and aside from that I don't really remember much about it. For $9 (small) I can really find much better pho basically. My friend ordered a pad Thai instead which looked pretty decent.
1_star Terrible place the food was subpar at best overcooked and dry. Nice hosting and servers are fantastic. Some random guy started a fight over us bashing the food and then proceed to start yelling and arguing with us. It took security over 30 minutes to respond. We could have beat this guy's ass and left the building before security responded.
5_star The Raspados are so dang good, my wife and I are pretty much addicted. The guy was very helpful as they have a lot of real fruit choices to pick from. Great value as well. Better than just ice cream like the other reviewer mentioned.
4_star I will eat there 2x a month and always get The Pork Ramen. Its pretty tasty,and such Comfort food for me. Normally pork doesn't do anything for me, but this was ok
3_star Very health-conscious restaurant. I feel judged by all the residents because it literally resides in their basement but its a great switch up for breakfast if you ever get tired of fried eggs, bacon, and chicken fried steak. Kinda pricey but you pay for the quiet time.
2_star What a joke. From food to services. My girl wanted a good old ordinary egg dish, so this place came to her mind. Along with a couple of other dishes( a soup and a salad), she asked for 2 eggs that she came there for. I showed up a bit later , just when the food was served. However, the server did not bring the menu and in fact ignored my presence the whole time! Up until it was time for the bill which was handed to me ( sidenote: me taking care of the bill is perfecly fine). Just to put a final touch to this experience: even though they have an egg dish on the menu ( 3 eggs with bacon and some other ingredient), the ordered plain 2 eggs were priced more than their standard menu option.
3_star Stopped here for a snack while roaming the main drag in Vegas - candied bacon and cornbread app was delicious. The burnt ends and strawberry daiquiri....not so much. Burnt ends were not tender at all - ultimately inedible - and the daiquiri was out of one of those machines that are so popular on the strip, but it was so sweet and not enjoyable at all. Server was great, but likely will not return with all the other options!
4_star The Grand Buffet is even grander, now that you can eat all you can eat 3 times: Breakfast, Lunch, and Dinner for 1 flat daily rate, around $33. This is one the latest trends in Las Vegas these days, to entice you to stay around, and perhaps, play some more games in the Casino. How crafty of them. I, however, did not play any games, but I did eat, and eat, and eat, all I could eat, 3 times. My stomach was a bit stretched from that day, I suspect. Anyway, the food: Not everything was a hit, but most items were good if not very good. You just have to keep on eating, and waste the food you don't like. This is the one place where I don't care about wasting. It's sin city, built on over indulgence and waste. What a glutton I was. The highlights for me Skewered Steak 5 stars Pork with corn pudding - 5 stars Crab legs - 4 stars Sweet and Spicy (chili pepper) Roasted Chicken - 4 stars Chicken Caccitore - 1 star, overcooked, bad sauce Yellow Tomato soup - 4 stars California Rolls - 3 stars Salad - 3 1/2 stars Lasagna - 3 stars Manicotti - 2 stars Waffles and Syrup - 4 stars Scrambled eggs 3 stars Desserts - 4 stars Fruit - 4 stars Beverages - 4 stars Service - 3 stars Atmosphere 3 stars Overall, I would give 3 1/2 stars, but I'll give it 4 stars, because there is so much variety. It's also a good value, as long as you don't play any games, unless you happen to get lucky, of course.
5_star I'm happy to report that I've even been to such a nice restaurant. It was so nice, I'm tempted to swear to emphasize how nice it was. I took pictures of the bathroom, if that tells you anything. This place was top-notch. We ate an oyster appetizer, served with red vinegar. So fresh, so tasty. Next came deep-sea lobster, three pounds. I have never had lobster that tasted so fresh. And the last thing we ate was killer. Mediterranean sea bass, served with olive oil lemon sauce. Best fish I've ever tasted. But really I'm writing this review for the service. They were amazing. I think our waiter is called "Jerry," and he knew everything about everything. The waitstaff worked together on all the tables, and they seem really well-coordinated, and very concerned about not allowing us to keep our plates between courses. Once, someone even took our plates and exchanged them for new ones even though we hadn't used those ones for anything yet. Ha. I liked all of that a lot. Thank you Milos!
1_star Came here for dinner for a friend's birthday and was extremely disappointed and would NOT recommend anyone come to this wannabe upscale restaurant. So to start with we had 13 people and were forced to have the party menu which hardly had any selection and most likely contained items that were most easy to cook. Apparently their policy was that any tables over 12 people MUST have a party menu even though we insisted that we wanted to use the regular menu. Well guess what, half way through our meal there was another large table with 13 (I made sure I counted) who I guess had greater preference than us who all received the regular menu! Next complaint was their forcefullness to upsell. There was 1 section of the table that ordered a bottle of wine, and in my section we ordered individual drinks so I didn't want a wine bottle. The waitress kept asking "Are you sure you don't want a bottle of wine?" I'm thinking in my head "Hello we all have drinks here already". Ask once and it's enough! To put it even worst some of my friends were drinking tap water and everytime we would ask her to refill our water she would ask "Do you want Sparkling Water?". The waitress asked my friend 4 times!! Come on 2 times might be okay but 4 times?!? The best part of the meal was probably the antipasto appetizer which contained cold cuts, cheeses, breads, etc. The calamari was awful and had a bad fishy taste in it. I ordered the Chicken Garganelli and it tasted like it was burnt. My friend who got suckered into getting the Brocollini said it was horrible and extremely salty. He was only able to eat a few branches. Worst of all, the waitress NEVER ONCE came back to ask how the appetizers or main course was and didn't even offer to put pepper/cheese on our food. Okay so I thought okay nothing else bad can happen. I'll just never come here to eat again. But wait, there's more when our group paid the bill. So our group was autocharged an 18% tip which is normal for groups over 6. I was like yeah they totally don't deserve the 18% tip but whatever. When I was adding the bill up, the HST wasn't adding up correctly. I then figured out that they tried to charge HST on the gratuity amount. Now WHAT RESTAURANT CHARGES HST ON GRATUITIES?? So I talked to the waitress saying that charging HST on Gratuity is absurd. So finally she was like "you know what.. FINE i'll just take it out of my own cash" and slammed the counter when we were paying and gave total attitude. Okay if the restaurant was great, I'd let it go and I wouldn't complain about the extra HST they charged but after such a poor experience I DO NOT want to give them anymore that shoudn't have been given to them.
3_star Pretty good Mediterranean fare. I had beef shawarma atop hummus, and my tablemates all had other varieties of shawarma with the rice deal. It was fine, not too burnt like is often found at places that serve the stuff. The house-made pita was nice, and we had their take on samosas (beef filled mini-pies) which were called something else but same thing; pretty tasty. The atmosphere was nice and fitting, given the theme. Middle Eastern-style music, upholstery, et cetera. The only off-putting things that stop me from giving this place 4 stars are 1) the bathroom, which was composed of all very-old elements (toilet, sink) and was pretty gross. It's an old building, I understand, but y'know. Other thing was we were seated at a table which was directly next to an exit door. Pretty sure that's a fire hazard. My final gripe for this otherwise-okay place: They brought out my food by itself and thus my tablemates had to wait. This should be a cardinal sin in restaurants; if you had seen any of my other reviews, you'd know how annoying I find it as it's pretty unnecessary. I'll save you the rant, but just say if you start a restaurant please refrain from allowing that mess. Other than that, all was fine. I guess I wouldn't recommend going here if you want to avoid the Scottsdale (read: hoity toity) crowd, as they're all up in this place, but they were at least drowned out by the music.
1_star I called in a take out order on Saturday morning around 8:30. The person who answered stated that it would take 90 minutes. I said no thanks. Ordered from Bills in Cleveland Hts. Not sure if they understand the concept of a diner. Maybe they need to dine at Jims in Solon, to see how a real diner works.
2_star I don't know why this place has such great reviews. We ate there last night for the first ( and possibly the last) time and it was underwhelming and greasy. It could have been a bad day - they were really crowded because of the winter solstice celebrations but I don't know if I want to go back and verify this. It was super cheap though. We had the vegetarian empanadas. There was a minuscule bowl of salsa accompanying it. We've had much better luck with other South American restaurants in the area.
2_star Heard SO much hype about this place for the longest time. Finally decided to check it out. Wow. Just wow. The service is pretty damn bad. Whoever owns this place needs to add another server on the floor. You can't have one waitress seating people AND taking orders AND running food AND cashing people out. She was very short with us and made us feel dumb for asking any question. But I'm not blaming her because I've been in that situation before. It's whoever is in charge of staffing. The food was pretty average. It's the same stuff you would get anywhere else. Just served with a side of extreme sass.
1_star Went here because I saw a Groupon Now offer & was close by. I was eager based on the majority of the reviews & the fact that I love food trucks. Approached the truck, no line, ordered three bunz: bacon bird, Mac n cheese, & a plain along with some truffle tots. I have to say this is the first food truck where I did not finish all of my food. The tots were greasy & not very flavorful. The bunz were meh! I just did not like them, there was very little filling, & when there was filling it was not good. I had a credit on Groupon so I actually got my Groupon & meal for free, but I feel that free is way too much to pay for this! Also, the crew was not as friendly as other food trucks were. I mean I am coming out of my way to find your truck, you can smile or say hi or something! On a better note, located next to this truck was Grouchy Johns. I only had a couple bucks on me & was looking for their most inexpensive cold drink. I was immediately greeted by the owners when I approached the truck. I was reading the menu to myself, but aloud, and saw sweet tea. I told them I only had a couple of bucks & they took it & gave me a large sweet tea! Nice! That is the kind of service I'm used to from food trucks. I'll go out of my way to find Grouchy Johns...I'll drive right by TastyBunz.
2_star Was excited to go here then was disappointed. Party of four. tried the deviled eggs. really nothing there, just a plain old deviled egg with a little truffle oil. My wife had the trout. well that's what she got, a trout. nothing fancy, just a trout on a plate. I was looking forward to the pork belly. was disappointed when it came to the table. the plate didn't look great. little heap of grits with the belly put in the middle of it and a salad next to it. what, a salad? what do you do, use a hot plate to keep the dinner warm and cook the salad or use a cold plate to keep the salad chilled and chill the dinner? They chose to chill the dinner. at first I thought there was a little sauce with the pork belly but I think it was errant salad dressing. salad was just ok at best. not even sure why it was there, where is the vegetable? oh its the salad?, no way. the pork belly had a perfect crust to it. had to move it out of the gross grits. cuts very tender, first bite . . . dust came out of my mouth it was so dry. what pork belly dry? yep very very very dry. evidently they use rosemary on it so all you could taste was rosemary. rosemary shouldn't even be allowed in most kitchens unless you are serving rosemary. also no sauce with the pork belly. needed a sauce, just a little, something very big, with maybe a hint of maple, thickened by reduction. the meals were uninventive at best. seems like they have stolen all the OLD hip foods, duck fat fries, truffle oil, fried Brussel sprouts, which reminds me. Brussel sprouts are not cool in a restaurant. they stink the place up. should have been so many good smells in this place but instead it smelled like a mix of vomit and stinky feet, or brussel sprouts. very poor execution of foods, poor choices of combinations, not very skilled cooks, all the trendy items that are no longer trendy. sorry won't be back and cant recommend it. another odd thing is the black mirrors mounted throughout. I asked the waitress what they were because I couldn't tell. they looked like strange shaped flat screen TV's that were off , our waitress was great by the way, she said they are mirrors, supposed to make the place look bigger. guess the owners heard mirrors make the room look bigger someplace. well they just ran with it. so it was killing me I had to go look, when you get over to the mirrors you have to look straight up into them to see the room, say what? so guess it looks bigger if you are looking at the ceiling and see a room reflection? again, they heard something was cool, ran with it, and poor execution like the rest of it. I was so hopeful for this place. The hipsters that think they know everything will love it.
3_star My boyfriend and I went to Sassi for the first time and shared the grilled octopus, veal, gnocci, and mushrooms. We didn't love the food but we did love the ambiance. Beautiful restaurant if you are looking for a romantic dinner.
1_star I don't live nearby, but I was in the area, had heard about the place, and after seeing how busy it was decided to give it a try for breakfast. I got the "Burrito Bomb" to go and ate it right away. It was piping hot and tasted good enough (not great and pricey for what it was). The problem came about an hour later: first I started sweating and became very nauseous; then the intestinal symptoms started. Within the next hour I was racing for the toilet: without getting graphic, first out one end then the other. About 30 minutes later one more round of violent vomiting: and now, 3 hours later, I'm still a bit nauseous but other than that the illness is over. I have a background in science and food safety; and know the difference between food intoxication (when you get sick about an hour after eating and the illness is short-lived); and food infection (when you get sick, sometimes right after eating, and the symptoms last from several days to a week or more). Food infection, commonly called "food poisoning," comes from bacteria infected food that was eaten appx 3-7 days earlier and has been incubating in your body until you finally get sick. People often mistakenly blame the last thing they ate if the onset is right after eating; but the length of the illness lets you know it is really from something eaten days earlier. Conversely, food intoxication actually is from the last thing you ate, and the brevity of the illness makes that clear: it also is not caused by a bacteria, but rather from mishandled food that has become spoiled (e.g. leaving food with mayonnaise out too long, or using something too far past its expiration date). Based on the time of onset and the duration of my symptoms, I know that what made me sick was the Burrito Bomb from Luci's. Since I'm not in that area often, and paid with cash, asking for a refund doesn't make sense; and the likelihood of Luci's paying attention to what happened to me, and looking at their food handling procedures, seems greater if I make my complaint about getting sick from their food public. So that's it, that's my review from the one, and only, time I will eat at Luci's.
3_star Been here a few times, and am usually happy with the food, service and atmosphere. The rolls are not very special, just average, although the presentation is very nice. The tempura was very good, particularly the lobster tempura - very reasonably priced too. They also have monkfish liver sushi, which I always appreciate; good portion and tastes great!
5_star Grey food and friendly employeez! Carlos has a great customer service attitude evwrytime we come eat tacos al pastor he has a smile and makes us laugh!
4_star Food was delicious! The wait is insane but if you have the time then it's definitely worth it. We had the egg truffle sandwiches. The server offered us some extras like a side of avocado and I heard her offer extra cheese to someone at another table- she doesn't tell you these things are at additional costs. Other than that great place!
1_star First and last visit. The menu was hard to read. Ordered fish n chips. It was mostly breading. Reordered pork chops with mashed potatoes n green beans. They comped my first selection n took off $10 on the second which I had to take with me because we were late for a concert. On the up side, The decor was nice n the place was clean. Also the pork chops smell good.
1_star Just ordered the orange chicken to find out the chicken was raw!!! Made zero effort to rectify the situation. I just hope i don't get food poisoning, will contact clark county health department.
1_star This place does NOT deliver, even though it says it does on the Yelp page. Sorry, you lose my business. Also, consider having someone who speaks English answer your phone.
4_star Still love the place and will continue to frequent ! But I must say that on several occasions I have witnessed Tim " the bartender" be beyond rude and flippant to several customers ! It's too bad !
5_star This place knows its identity and does it right. Just a comfortable Gem in the mess of pretentious Scottsdale clubs. I haven't been in a bit, but I hope the bartender Kiki is still there. So friendly and attentive. Such an intoxicating smile. ;)
3_star Burgers were alright, definitely would go back again, the fat elvis milkshake is definitely something to write home about though! Peanut butter, banana and real bacon, may not sound that appealing but just works and is so good!
3_star We came to this restaurant after reading the wonderful reviews. My food was ok nothing wow. The major disappointment was the wait time... They literally had one waitress and one cook on duty!! Our drinks and food took forever!!
4_star Friendly place, staff is great, the twins are amazing at their job, good food, no really, good job you guys in the kitchen. LIVE MUSIC! yea.... did I mention the twins are amazing?
4_star This little breakfast spot is one of our faves in the Junction. Their daily specials are very tasty and their menu has some great spins on yummy breakfast fare. The service can be somewhat slow during its busy hours, but the atmosphere is cozy, so it's a joy to just sip on a java, chat and wait for the food to come. Best to go as a couple, as there is little seating for larger groups.
2_star Reading the reviews on Yelp, I was excited to try this place. Unfortunately, it did not live up to my expectations. Bottom line was that the food was great (I had salmon), but my party of 2 waited almost an hour for our meal and it wasn't even really busy. Our server was not very attentive either. Would probably not go back given all of the other options in Vegas.
2_star Where do I start? If you say it is healthy, I wouldn't call all the deep fried tofu products healthy. The dishes are average in taste, portion, and presentation yet way over priced. It is even pricier then the vegan places in the San Francisco Bay Area.
3_star Pros: smoked salmon, braised beef ribs, dessert Cons: king crab was lacking, prime rib was rubbery and didn't have much flavor, sushi was average and lacked selection
4_star It has been way too long since my last visit. The Dublin Lawyer for lunch was excellent. Don't over think it. Just go there. Not much has changed but there is a nice addition to the beer list. A cooler jammed with a-list craft beers.
5_star I have become a Sushi Koma regular. It is my boyfriend and I's favorite AYCE Sushi restaurant. The fish is always very fresh, and they have a wide variety of rolls to choose from. The restaurant itself is pretty small, so if you go during dinner time, you can expect to wait awhile. But it is well worth the wait! The staff is also very friendly and helpful! I definitely recommend this place!
4_star I really enjoyed this restaurant. The food was very good and the atmosphere was very cozy. We will be back!
3_star Very mixed review. First, the menu turns me on. I love Mideastern food, and especially love Mideastern vegetarian fare. The menu has tons of things I love to eat, so I have lots and lots of reasons to go back. My boy friend is just opening up to the cuisine, and I really hoped this place would wow him. It could have, but instead just - ummm - "not bad"-ed him. More on that soon. The service was great. For a casual place, way out of the park. The waitress was on spot from the get go. Loved her. When the boy friend spilled an entire iced tea, her coworker came running to help and they both smoothed it over and cleaned up the mess. They even let him have another tea, even though I voted to cut him off since he'd clearly had enough. So why three stars? Some real bizarreness on their part. We both had soups, which we loved. I had a wrap, which was great. The hot stuff hot, the cold stuff cold, and everything delicious. He had a sampler with salad, rice, and three kinds of grilled meat. Which was great, except the rice was cold. Not warm, cold. Like grandma sat it outside in the snow cold. He immediately let her know, no problem she'll get hot rice. They just made it fresh. She just as quickly came back and said they would have to microwave it, there would be no fresh order of rice. He wasn't into the idea of microwaved salad and meat, nor the idea of someone picking his plate apart for him to microwave rice, which doesn't taste the best microwaved anyhow. He said never mind forget it. She wasn't liking that idea, kudos to her. She went to the kitchen and got a manager to pry the rice away from whoever was being so cranky about it, and brought it out a few minutes later. Yay! Fresh, cold rice. No joke, after she went to all that work to make his order perfect, they sent out cold rice a second time. He wasn't eating it so I stuck my finger in it to see - yeah, about the temperature of my carrot juice. Cool. Not warm. Not very appetizing, and not even a safe temperature to keep food. Silly thing to get wrong twice, I think. So aside from that, I was very, very happy with the place, and want to go back. I hope they'll earn back that last star.
2_star At least the bar service was good... it's one thing if they're understaffed but when the waitress avoids making eye contact as we're waving our arms (yes we were being rude, it had been over an hour with no service) it is ruder. Communication could have solved this problem. I wish we had left because the food was gross. The ingredients weren't fresh or flavorful, everything was below average. If I had to go back, I'd only go for happy hour wine.
5_star We came here for lunch a few weeks ago before heading over to the Picasso exhibit. I like the decor of the place and the fact that it's a great place for lunch that won't break the bank at the Bellagio. I had the tuna sandwich with wasabi mayo and my boyfriend had the foraged mushroom pesto pizza. I loved the tuna sandwich. My boyfriend liked the foraged mushroom pizza but thought they could have added a variety of fancy mushrooms to warrant the word "foraged" in the name and to make it taste better. There was only one type of mushroom in the pizza originally. He brought up his suggestion to the manager there and she then had him speak to the chef. We weren't sure if anything was going to be done about it but we found out today that they now have a variety of mushrooms in their foraged mushroom pesto pizza! It's good to know that the management really takes the patrons' suggestions to heart. Thus, the 5 star rating. We also appreciate the great customer service and the nice, clean environment of Snacks.
3_star A classic steakhouse in Toronto located just off Yonge street with amazing décor. You feel like you've been transported back in time right when you step in. I dined in the wine cellar in the basement and I must say, it was quite impressive. There's nothing quite like sitting in a rather private area with thousands of bottles of wine around you. Service was also on point. It doesn't happen often, but it happened here - the steaks were undercooked. We all ordered medium-rare and when the steaks came, they were quite on the rare side to a point where I wondered if the centre got any heat. Fortunately the party was okay with it and we went on eating. We also had the rack of lamb which was actually really good. I would return to Barberian's just for the experience of dining in a massive wine cellar again. If you want to eat waygu or 40+ day dry aged beef... look elsewhere.
4_star We had the Bombay Chicken dry , as the all reviews were high for it. And it did turn out the Best Buy and did justice to all the reviews. It was spicy and full of flavours, for a person who started eating chicken recently, this was a good bet . Oh it was a take out,am yet to visit the place.
2_star So I've eaten here once before and ordered the veggie burrito and it was goodt. Last night we were in the area so we stopped in and I ordered the same thing (I'm a vegetarian so it's somewhat limited what I can eat there. The menu states the veggie burrito as this: Rice & Beans (Pinto or Black), Jack & Cheddar Cheese, Roasted Peppers, Zucchini, Corn, Tomatoes & Onions, Sour Cream, Jalapeno Cream Salsa & Lettuce I ordered mine without rice as it has chicken broth and black beans. when I got home and started eating it, all I could find in it was black beans, a little cheese, grilled green peppers and onions. None of the other veggies listed above. Needless to say, I think I'll stick with Qdoba or Chipotle for fast food mexican.
2_star Service was rushed and the staff didn't clear the plates often so the table was full of piles of plates. This was towards the end of the night with an hour left of service. Last call was at 10 and the staff was turning down the restaurant even though closing is at 11. The food was ok. Some special rolls were interesting but the menu was about the same in quality and selection as other AYCE places. Overall, not a great experience and would not return.
1_star Worst experience ever!! The hostess was rude. The waitress was rude and the manager Joe was worse! I think Amy's Bakery has met its match! The food was as bad as the service.
2_star First time going and feel no urge for a return visit. It was 6:30 on a Friday night and they didn't seem busy but still took 25 minutes to give me my order as I waited alone in the lobby. 10 minutes of it was looking at my order sitting on the rack with the single employee playing on his phone. He eventually looked up and checked in with me even after he was the one who took my order and handed me the bag. I ordered the Italian beef, fries and cannelloni. The sandwich was not impressive and the fries over cooked. The cannelloni was however very good and the crust still crunchy.
3_star SOHO - help me out here.. I want to be in love with you, I do... My original review is below but visit #2 was still no more than average - though I wish I could write so much better... ON the plus side... Your service is still very pleasant/attentive and space is very nice and you are trying hard, I think. ON the "needs improvement side - i'd love more flavor - well, ANY flavor - in your mains and better temps on your food. Lukewarm or cold biscuits, broccolini and mahi mahi don't cut it. Could the empty dining room last night be a reflection on other diners' similar experiences? I hope not. Don't be afraid to add a few more dishes to menu (menu skews to the light side on choices), to wallop us over the head with super Southern flavors and to experiment with different portion sizes or pricing to be comparable to nearby restaurants like Bar Cento, which include a full side with entrees.
1_star Had to try Wahlburgers in town since I had seen the show many times. However the burgers are overpriced for the size and without any sides being included. The burger tasted fine, nothing extraordinary, and lacked any reason to come back. The service was subpar hostess was very nice but our waitress was not friendly nor attentive. The manager that was featured on the show, never asked us how our meal was as she was on her phone for a majority of our visit. I would not recommend visiting, just take a picture outside.
1_star Der Hunger trieb uns hin ;-) und ein 2-für-1-Coupon aus dem American Casino Guide. Der Coupon wurde anstandslos akzeptiert. Das Essen ist unterer Buffet-Durchschnitt: man wird satt, aber lecker ist anders. Okay, ich habe schon schlechter gegessen (wenn auch selten), z.B. am damaligen Riviera Buffet oder an verschiedenen Autobahnraststätten. Aber hier kann ich wirklich keine Empfehlung aussprechen, es sei denn, man hat Comps oder echt großen Hunger und man steht gerade zufällig genau vor dem Buffeteingang und will nicht mehr weiter laufen. Aber selbst dann würde ich mich lieber noch woanders hin schleppen, selbst im Golden Nugget gibt es bessere Alternativen. Die Essensauswahl ist typisch für Vegas-Buffets: von jedem etwas. Leider ist hier alles suboptimal zubereitet und ziemlich geschmacksneutral. Die meisten Sachen sind Convenience Food (also fertig angeliefert und aufgewärmt). Die Raumatmosphäre ist okay (wobei der Buffetbereich tatsächlich etwas von einer Autobahnraststätte hat). Wir hatten Plätze mit Blick auf den recht belebten Poolbereich. Das ist auf jeden Fall ein Pluspunkt, denn viele Vegas Buffets sind komplett geschlossene Räume (ohne Außenfenster). Zur Info: Wir waren unter der Woche zur Lunchzeit dort.
1_star Med fresh owners and cooks smoke in the back of the kitchen. Ummm...illegal much. Whatever happened to health inspectors?
1_star Kids wanted some boba tea, so we decided to drop by chinatown for breakfast and some boba. This morning we decided to eat at noodle pot while we waited for volcano tea to open. Food was great! I had the shrimp dumpling and pig feet noodle soup. But damnnn the service sucks from the time we walked in. The lady behind the counter look unhappy when we walked in, no greeting no smiling alwayse watching my kids as if they were gonna still some CHOPSTICKS and SPOON hahahah FORREALS!!! I dont know if the lady was having a bad day or not but there is NOOOO EXCUSE for that kinda service. Overall food is excellent but service ruin it all!! Won't be coming back forever haha. Im use to the typical subpar service at asian restaurant but not one like this.
5_star Wow! This place is the best dim sum in town...in any town. My husband and I just drove in from CA and we were starving but had a craving for Chinese, we yelped and everything was closing or closed ( 10:15pm) we found this place and saw ..15 min left till closing and gave it a shot.So glad we did! So, we are avid dim sum waters back home, we have eaten everywhere from LA , OC to SD and this place takes it.Fresh, Fast and the service was phenomenal.They were kind and communicative.I was super shocked because usually other dim sum places they want you in and out ...sadly I expected this since they were almost closing ...but it was the exact opposite.They didn't rush us and in fact they kept asking if we would like more. The food was fresh and tasty and the prices you can't beat, especially is you want to save some cash for the machines lol. Anyhow, so good , so happy !!! Great place and clean.
1_star Been coming to this location for over 1 year now and the customer service from the hostess and the bar! The food is always great. The only issue I have is with the manager who works swing shift. She lacks people skills and has absolutely no phone etiquette! I was placed on hold by Johnnie at the bar(very nice lady)and the manager picks up yes can I help you...... I'm sorry whit whom am I speaking with??? This will be the absolute last time I order from this restaurant. If the manager speaks to customers this way I can only imagine how she speaks to the employees! This gets one star because of the poor customer service I received from the manager. But the food is good. No thanks!!!
2_star Just really mediocre food at tourist prices. I'm getting tired of chains that sell "street tacos." This is another bland, tourist Strip restaurant that knows there's a new batch of unsuspecting customers flying into town every day, so why bother with authenticity or quality.
3_star Went there for their 29.99 all you can eat sushi dinner special, so so. You order form a separate menu of appetizers and sushi. Found out you had an hour and a half time limit, bummers. I never had a time limit at buffets. They said that the portions were smaller than usual to cut back on waste. The appetizer portion were too small to share with my wife and I, who was also having the Special. It took a long time for our orders to be filled and the place was empty. Before I knew it, time was almost up. A lot of time was wasted waiting for our orders. Oh, and you are limited to only one dessert. At 29.99 I won't be coming back, for 19.99, I might reconsider.
4_star I've been twice and was glad that the food was good both times. The prices are decent for the entertainment district and the quality of the food. The zucchini fritti was good but a bit too oily. Arancini came in 3s and it was nice for sharing. Not a must try though. The prosciutto pizza was good. The crust was very thin so if you like thin crust, you may enjoy this. Overall, pleasantly surprised and would prefer to come here over some of the other "nice" restaurants in the area.
2_star I thought it was overpriced and it took forever to get seated. The pasta i ordered was ok, but there are better places for cheaper prices.
2_star Really disappointing. Bland. Signature chili is a paste. Fries were weak. Really nothing positive to write about other than free refills.
1_star My girlfriend and I had burgers here tonight and were really disappointed. The burgers were tiny and dry. The onion rings were cafeteria style (frozen from a bag). The sweet potato fries tasted like they were McCain. The decor was nice but the low quality cafeteria food was embarrassing. There are so many better places nearby for real handmade burgers and fries. I would recommend gourmet burger to anyone looking for quality food.
1_star Went into this restaurant at 10:00 pm (closes at 10:30pm) and was told they had no rice!!! Clearly too cheap to make new batch so close to closing. How does a burrito joint run out of rice? I was hungry so I still ordered a burrito and they made no effort to add any extra ingredients AND charged me full price!!! Do yourself and stay away from this place. Go to a restaurant that respects its customers.
5_star Food was excellent... authentic thai food! I strongly recommend the crab claw appetizer. Service is great and the ambiance is cool.
1_star Crap...ever since the place changed owners I ate there 2 times, both times were noodles, soup was watery with no flavors and not enough beef. Won't go there again.
3_star Good service. Staff was friendly and energetic. They left you to dine, but still paid attention. Still, at little 'over the top' with friendliness (anyone ever watch Office Space...well, I met the female Brian...friendly, but 'over the top'). So the pretzels were supposed to be fantastic and they were good with the cheese. But Rock Bottom (chain) serves better. However, Tabouli salad was very tasty. Overall, it was a good experience outside near the Suns stadium, but, the food was average. It's part of a larger chain where they just change the name of their locations...so don't be fooled, this isn't a local establishment such as as Three Doors Down in Portland. For what it's worth...decent food, good service, but nothing spectacular.
1_star 12:15 on Saturday and the host at the entry was nice. I asked about a bar and they said only one was open and it was partially outside. Sat down at the bar and there was bird poop on counter. I asked the bartender for a rag to wipe it down and was told I don't have one. I took a napkin and cleaned it up and wrapped in another napkin to ensure it doesn't spread. I handed it to the bartender and her reply was "wow you're handing me bird poop". After asking two times for a rag I asked a different employee and 10 minutes later he wiped down the counter. He said it's because customers are sitting here prior to us opening so they are not able to clean it. There was my group and a couple at the bar when we arrived. The bar tenders are rude and acted as if we were an inconvenience to them the entire time. We spent $200 and were treated poorly.
4_star So I'm by no means an expert of Mediterranean food but this place was pretty good. It was my first visit last night with my bf. The restaurant is nothing special on the inside, very simply decorated but clean. Service: great! We had a gentleman at first but then a young lady took over and she was very attentive and came by often enough to check on our drinks and to see if we had everything we needed. Food: My bf got the kabob plate which I can't remember what it was called but it included a beef,chicken,and some sort of sausage skewer. The sausage I thought was the best followed by the beef and chkn. Bf liked them all and simply loved his food! I had the chicken shawarma sandwich and it was light and filling. And just to add to all the other reviews....the fries really are good!! They are crispy and not greasy at all. Idk what they do but it's working! We will be back for sure!
2_star Two stars here. Restaurant is nicely kept, environment is good i like how the teppanyaki area is separate of the dining area. the food though, i was disappointed. Calamari you only get a few bites, jalapeño poppers were not spicy at all and had way too much spicy tuna in it as well as the rolls that we got. we ordered the vegas rolls and the rockstar rolls. both were nothing but the tuna and salmon it seemed. seems like the food can be better made. not sure that i would eat here again.
1_star Gross!!!!! Not even worth 1 star.. horrible.. taste- bland really really bland my kids didnt even like it & they love Chinese food.. disgraced their culture(&im part Chinese, i eat A LOT of Chinese food) they should do everyone a favor & close it Eewwwww!!!! They are still open because Southern Highlands has very limited asian cuisine. GROSS!! WASTE OF MONEY.. people that like this & gave them more then 1 star has NO taste buds. Matter of fact hasn't has REAL Chinese food.. China a go go has to really GO GO GET OUTTA HERE! GROSS CHEF'S SHOULD BE FIRED. DISGRACE EWWW
4_star I made a reservation for a friend's birthday and went through the Bellagio concierge. I had tried to make my reservation on the restaurant website but it said I had to call. I should have done it through OpenTable b/c I never have problems with them. The concierge had told me the dress was business casual and men cannot wear shorts, but when we were seated, I saw plenty of men wearing shorts, so that was a little irritating. Our dinner was great though!!! I had ordered a dirty martin, but there was barely any olive juice in it, so I asked for more on the side. For our appetizer, we got the charcuterie board, which was so good!! The pickles were the best part!! They also give you really good bread and olive tapenade which was excellent. For my entree, I had the seafood risotto, which was so good. I probably shouldn't have eaten all the bread because I was getting really full, but I managed to eat almost all of my entree. I also tried the tenderloin which was excellent!! My friends also ordered the scallops for their meal, which they say was really good as well!! We were really full for dessert, but we were celebrating a birthday, so we somehow ordered 3 desserts for 5 people!! They did put a candle on one of the desserts, so that was nice. We tried the banana tiramisu, the chocolate peanut butter lava cake and the cookie butter creme brulee. All of which were wonderful!!!! We couldn't stop eating even though we were so stuffed!!!! Overall, the dinner was great and I definitely recommend this place!
4_star The Cajun BBQ wings are some of the best I've ever had. If they had a bigger bourbon selection (read: Woodford's) I'd give them 5 stars.
4_star Bachelorette party of 12 girls. I called to make reservations and they informed me on the phone that with a large party of our size, we would need to do a set menu. They said that the waiter would work with us on the day of to put together a menu to work around any restrictions we had. We were running a little late (you can imagine how that can happen with1 2 girls) so I called to let them know and they were very nice and accommodating. They said not to worry and that they would hold our table for us. We arrived at the restaurant and were seated at a big table in the back of the restaurant (the restaurant is pretty big). The table itself was huge and we had plenty of space between the 12 of us. So, between the group of 12, we had the following restrictions: one pregnancy, allergies to peanuts, shrimp, and shellfish. The waiter asked us what amount we wanted to keep it to and we told him to keep it around $50/person. We ended up with the following: +Otsumami assortment of edamame, green bean tempura, shishito - all delicious. The dipping sauce had truffle in it... who doesn't love truffles?? +Berkshire Pork Gyoza - pretty good gyoza. Wasn't a big fan of the pumpkin dipping sauce.. +Yellowtail Taquitos - delicious! +Sea Bass Anticucho and Chicken Anticucho - the sea bass was amazing (as everyone else has already mentioned). It is so buttery and melts in your mouth. +A ton of sushi rolls and some sashimi - pretty good... I would say their strength is in more of their cooked food than their sushi and sashimi. I always prefer sashimi over rolls because the rolls are usually too fusiony for me but the other girls loved them +Rio Grande Churrasco - 5 diff meats with 3 diff dipping sauces. Very good but so full that we couldn't eat much Service was great. We informed our waiter that we needed to be out the door by 9:30 PM and he made sure that the food just kept coming. By the end of dinner, we were so stuffed that we couldn't even eat all of the churrasco and had no space for dessert. We even came under budget by a little bit and were all way overly stuffed. Food was pretty good... but more than anything, it's a fun atmosphere that's good for groups. Would definitely go back with a large party.
3_star I've had better. Daing was overcooked. Tapa was not the best. Garlic rice was ok; again, I've had better. Tocino was a little dry. Pancit was subpar. The only thing I did like was the longanisa; not too fatty yet very tasty. Was not brave enough to try the other stuff like kare kare, adobo, nilaga, miswa, etc. because they might use MSG. Although this place is AYCE, I was not interested in going back to the buffet for more.
4_star Stopped in for lunch before we left town. Split the Toscance Pizza and Chicken Club Sandwich. The Small pizza was a large serving, and both meals were delicious! Very friendly and efficient server.
1_star not good all the food has no flavour!!. Crispy beef is soggy with no flavour at all, the lettuce and bean sprouts in our vermicelli were all brown and rotten, pad thai is awful not an ounce of flavour and i'm pretty sure they don't know what thai style curries are because that is not what I was served at all. We will not order from here again.
3_star It's alright. Our grill wasn't hot enough so the food wasn't cooking as fast as it should. I started to get full eating the side dishes while waiting for the meat to cook. The staff was nice in accommodating us by changing us to another table with proper grill. Once the food started cooking, it was good. Short ribs were good. My friends had the octopus but thought it was too sweet.
1_star Worst experience ever in a restaurant. Horrible food. Bad service. Worst possible atmosphere. 45 mins to cook pancakes and eggs? We were the only customers! No, thank you, but no. Negative stars!
2_star Sitting here as I write. Nachos were great as usual and the service sucked as usual also. Suddenly the employees are required to leave their personalities elsewhere. Not a single person showed any interest in being there. Profits are bound to be on the rise due to the minuscule portion and it was like having teeth pulled to get extras, which we made clear paying isn't a problem. Lucky for them the dish was great and this will not be a deterrent against us returning. Hopefully someone in their management team will at least take a serious look at making smiling and interactive service part of the routine as it was a few years ago.
2_star The staff were friendly and the restaurant was clean, but unfortunately the food was not fresh. The appetizers had been refried a couple times. You can tell because it was dry, dowy and lost most of its flavors. The Lassi was more like a juice. I ordered the butter chicken thali. I received lamb instead which was not a big deal but I was really there for the butter chicken. They brought back something I have never seen before, a dark red paste butter chicken. Maybe they added extra seasoning to mask the fact that the chicken was just shavings off of a chicken drumstick. The skin was even on the chicken. It was dry and hard to chew because the chicken had been cooked long ago and left in the fridge. They probably ran out of the butter chicken to begin with and thought this would suffice. We will stick with Devs from now on.
2_star I used to like this place a lot, but in the last 6 months, it has gone downhill fast. When they switched to the fancy square plates, the portion sizes dropped in half and the prices rose. I went there today after not going for months, and it was bad, almost comical. My $9 plate had maybe a teaspoon of humus, and so little of everything else, it was a joke. Was this the appetizer or what? Its shame because it used to be good, but what did they think, nobody would notice? Word to the owner, we DO. I won't be back, and it wouldn't surprise me if this location closes soon.
2_star Very disappointed. It is excruciatingly loud, so we decided to do take out. We ordered the Jim's gyro with 1/2 lb meat to split. We were very disappointed when we got home and found about 1/4 pound of meat with french fries and salad on top of that. Not what we planned.
3_star I always root for Cocina Mendoza because of two reasons: first they are family owned and second, because they are simply such genuine, friendly people. Those opinions aside, here is a candid review of the restaurant. Cocina Mendoza is classified, in my mind, as a middling authentic restaurant with standard fare which takes liberties with the mid-Atlantic, or Pittsburgh, palate. Upon entering into the restaurant which has a fairly large sign outside its strip-mall location (free open lot parking) and legit clever decor inside (with music playing and big t.v.'s) you will seat yourself more often than not. This is traditional. You will be greeted by one of several friendly, bi-lingual Spanish and English speaking employees who will bring you a basket of corn tortilla chips and red salsa. The chips are from a bag. I've had three of their salsas, the standard, the tomatillo, and the chile de arbol. The standard, house salsa they bring free to your table may or may not be made in house but it is not made with fresh tomatoes or other fresh ingredients. It is also somewhat sweeter than I prefer though that may be a product of covering up the use of canned tomatoes or perhaps their regional Acapulco recipe is just sweet. I am not nearly as familiar with Acapulco as I am with many other regions of Mexico. The tomatillo sauce was warmed and has a consistency that reminded me of bottled salsas using corn syrup. I did not like it either. The chile de arbol was EXCELLENT the four or five times I've had it. It tastes delicious, authentic, and spicy in every way. After trying the salsas, I could tell they are cutting corners in certain ways to make fiscal ends meet. I totally understand these decisions however if I could make a recommendation to them: start making 100% fresh, spicy authentic salsas and tortilla chips your family would eat. In this area, salsas set the table for what is to come. I am confident Cocina Mendoza KNOWS this. As a customer, it is tough to change an opinion after a rough opening act. They will definitely bring in more customers if they properly set the table with an excellent salsa. After all, they could always hide pre-made ingredients and cut corners with other less obvious dishes and unsuspecting palates. Despite two of the three failed salsas, I've had between 12 and 15 meals in the restaurant or used their take-out option. I can easily attest to the fact that their CARNITAS tacos with fresh cut WHITE onion, FRESH cilantro, FRESH cut radish, and fresh lime wedges are truly mouthwatering, moist and delicious. I believe they'd be proud to serve these tacos, which are on a double soft corn shell, to anyone in the Hispanic community. Again, I rave about them because they are very, very, very good. I've had other dishes from bistec to pollo to asada dishes which were authentic and very well done! I've also had popular dishes that were pre-made and Americanized (even if they shouldn't be) ... they weren't good and could potentially drive customers away with bad word of mouth experiences. I don't order food I know to be Americanized Mexican. If I wanted that kind of food I'd just go to Mad Mex or another box restaurant. Cocina Mendoza makes good food when staying true to their roots. However, they "Americanize" many things, put items like extra big ground beef burritos on the menu, cut corners with obviously pre-made sauces (like enchilada ranchero sauce) or smother dishes with cheese masking depth of flavor leading many to question their overall authenticity and consistency. In a smart, necessary business decision, Cocina Mendoza caters to all clientele. So, if you are going to go to Cocina Mendoza and order a true Mexican staple and you will almost certainly like your food. If you order something that is not a traditional staple or you order an authentic something which has a suspect description, or order Tex-Mex you should expect the food to be average at best, watered down, prepared for a dull palate. Overall, in my opinion, Cocina Mendoza needs to stop trying to straddle the middle ground by being authentic with some things and cutting Americanized corners with others. Or, perhaps, they need to use fresher ingredients and make better Americanized food to cater to the masses. Hence, the mixed reviews are accurate depending on the customer's palate, the cook of the day, the quality of ingredients, and which dish was ordered. Comparison: Cozumel. My take: Your mileage may vary so I have no recommendation.
3_star Prices have increased at this location to cover the higher costs of operating their second location in the east end. Online menu was not updated to reflect this. Decent food but for the price they now charge, there are better options.
3_star I heard a lot of great things about this place and read some of the reviews that also said the same. But I was a bit disappointed when I finally dined here. A few of the dishes I ordered were pretty good but overall I think they're focusing too much on trying to create "unique" dishes and the presentation that it was just too much. As the saying goes "simple is better"... definitely applies here. Not sure if I'll be trying this place again.
2_star Our waitress was so very nice and understanding BUT our Fish meals were not good at all today and the fries were like they had been microwaved. There are times when food can be bad everywhere. Worst complaint was the Manager/owner? She was so, so rude like our business didn't matter. Very unprofessional, no respect and even though we were not charged for our food (paid for our drinks) she dropped our bill trays on the table from a high level...might as well slammed them down. Shame on her! We come in to visit family and have went there at least a dozen times and have never experienced anything like this! Time to find a new place for Family dinner.
2_star We went to Caffe Boa with a friend who raved about the place and said everything he's ever had there was great. We arrived for our reservation on time, and were seated immediately. However, no one came to greet us. After 15 minutes of waiting, we asked someone if we could please have a server. She didn't apologize for the situation. She just said she would find someone. Five to ten minutes later, a server finally showed up with an excuse (not an apology) that he was opening some bottles of wine for some other tables - as if we should understand. We ordered our meals, then 10 to 15 min later, the server came back to tell us that they were out of shrimp, so my friend had to change his order to something he ended up hating. The food took forever, so in the meantime we asked for some more bread and another beer. We also asked for some balsamic vinegar and olive oil to go with the bread, since that is what my friend said he has every time he goes, and that is what normally comes with the bread. We eventually got the beer but no bread. Had to ask again for bread and the server said they were baking more. Could he not have mentioned that before we had to ask again? We got the braised short rib pasta (which was bad) and the seafood ravioli (which was good). I would have ordered something for dessert, but I make it my policy not to order dessert and sink more money into a restaurant if I don't like it. When the bill came, they ended up charging us $1.50 for the balsamic vinegar. You'd think after the long wait to begin with, slow service and lack of shrimp, they could just throw in a few drops of balsamic vinegar for free...but no. We just wanted to get out of there. I will not go there again. The only good thing was the ambiance.
1_star If zero was possible, well, that's what I would put. Sat down, not even that busy, and it took 10 min for a waiter (had to ask for one). Then order is taken...and 30 min later, food. Sandwiches and salads. Really?!? The plus was the food is good, but way too slow for a restaurant.
2_star I made plans to dine at this place on a monday night. Walked in. Lights were on. There was no one at the hostess stand. After a minute or two this guy appeared and said "sorry no one showed up so we closed the restaurant." Moral of the story: call ahead cuz they open and close on a whim.
1_star 2/2/2017 - Takeout for 2 dishes took about an hour to be ready. Both Pad Se Eww dishes appeared hastily made and did not taste good. Restaurant was chaotic with many unhappy customers. Will NEVER go back to this restaurant. Go to Brown Sugar in Rocky River instead.
2_star The boyfriend and I came here for a casual dinner date, hoping to enjoy some simple food and the great people-watching from Serendipity's cute patio setup. The food, while certainly not an inspirational culinary masterpiece, was good. The service, however, was appallingly bad. And that's coming from a former waitress-I know how difficult this job can be. Despite the fact that the restaurant was not very busy (there were other patrons, but the majority of them already had their food), we still waited 20 minutes for a server to even take our drink orders. When we told him we were also ready to order our food, he said that he did not take dinner requests; he would have to get our waitress. My boyfriend asked if we could tell him what we wanted anyway, and he was nice enough to just say yes and said he'd pass it on to the girl who would wait on us. I thought this was an odd division of labor, and while we were waiting for our food, I noticed that the restaurant seemed to have one person who took food orders, one person who did drinks (and by drinks I mean even bringing you a Pepsi), one person who bussed tables, and one person who actually brought the food over. Yikes. Ten minutes later, the waitress came to the table: they were sorry, but the kitchen had run out of the spaghetti and meatballs my boyfriend had ordered. He changed his order, and we waited another 15 minutes. To make a long story short, after all this, the kid who brought the food out of the kitchen gave our dinner to the wrong table. The chef came out and apologized. He brought us a free dessert, and said he would re-cook the food, but the experience did not improve much despite this. We still had to wait at least another 20 minutes, and our waitress was no more available to us than she had been when we arrived-we barely saw her and ended up having to flag someone else down to ask for our check. What a mess. We weren't the only ones with this issue; the group of ladies behind us also waited a long time for no reason and also received the wrong food. And to add insult to injury, shortly after our food arrived, my boyfriend spotted a family who had sat down after us receiving the spaghetti and meatballs they'd told him they didn't have. This might have been just one bad night, but I certainly wouldn't take the chance by coming here again. I don't want my dinner with a side of Trying Not To Get Aggravated.
1_star If it was possible to give a negative star, I would. Went out of my way to go check this place out because of living social deal only to find that the deal I wanted to use was unavailable even though it was being advertised as an option. Argued with the manager/owner because she did not even know what deals were being advertised for her restaurant. The waitress was nice. Thats about it. Food was okay, service was horrible.
4_star ???????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????? ???????????????????????????????????????????????????? ??????????????????????????????????
5_star Street tacos - fantastic! You walk in the door and the grill smoke greets your nostrils and you begin to salivate. Service is fast and friendly, food is fresh and delicious -- and inexpensive. A great option on the strip.
4_star Great food, exceptional service and reasonably priced! Enjoyed a Baba Ghanoush appetizer. My veggie rice bowl with tofu was more than I could eat at one sitting. Very generous portion!
4_star The service is really great and the food is tasty. I wouldn't give them the full 5 stars because the burritos are a little dry. However - they do know how to make a fish taco and the fish they use is delicious!
2_star Atmosphere: nice looking, fun place, gorgeous patio set-up. Service: our waiter, male with reddish brown hair was friendly and attentive. Food deliverer, female with shoulder length brown hair, set food down and left; not much interaction with customers. Food: below average. Chicken barbecue pizza had chewy chicken and bottom crust was too thin and gummy to hold thick toppings. The rim crust was delicious. Barbecue sauce was tasty, zesty and sweet. Bacon was bland and gummy. Needs to be crispy, more flavor. Cheese was cheap tasting (pasty tasting). Price: ridiculously expensive. Two pizzas, appetizer and two sodas= $46!!! Humble pizza has a price comparison to California Pizza Kitchen but food is way behind. My favorite frozen pizza tasted better than our dinner at Humble Pizza. After we ate, we walked out to the parking lot and saw Papa Murphy's was in the same shopping center. We could've had a better tasting meal and a quarter of the cost.
2_star Sushi was mediocre for what I have experienced. The server nor chef knew what agedashi (tempura style tofu) was or how to make. Service was decent but not very attentive. The philly roll and hawaiian roll were decent. I am from out of town and originally decided to go to NYPD Pizza but saw teharu had a good overall score. I guess I should have looked closer at certain people who reviewed this restaurant.
2_star Did not particularly care for their food. Pretty weird-tasting pad thai. Also, my dining companion and I both felt sick to our stomachs all day after eating here. Would not reccommend- go next door to Verrazano's Pizza instead.
5_star absolutely great bar! i've heard its the same owner as common wealth downtown and it shows. has the same old timey, speak easy vibe. bartenders were fun and interactive.
1_star This place gave me the shits, like pissin outta my ass kinda shits. I went there right after new years for a chicken club and the flatbread was stale and tomatoes were definitely not fresh like the hills of Mangolia. The smoothie was good though.
4_star Ein Must-Visit für jeden Tourist nicht nur Eishockeyfans. Gretzky ist eine Legände in Kanada und das kann ein Restaurant natürlich nur schwer toppen. Aber es ist eine sehr solide Sache. Viel wichtiger ist auch das kulturelle Erlebnis, den Spirit Kanadas am Beispiel eine Ausnahmepersönlichkeit zu erleben. Gretzky ist eben nicht nur ein Hockeyspieler oder ein Restaurant: Gretzky ist Kanada und damit sinnbild für das zweitgrößte Land unserer Erde.
5_star I've been to this restaurant like 5x already. Every time my family or friends are in town I always treat them here. No one feel disappointed. My dad loves this place so much! I used to go to Nanay Gloria or Cafe de Cebu but not anymore. I'm glad Cutting board is now open in Las Vegas.
3_star Eh.. it was okay. I had the spaghetti with meatballs. Sauce was good, and the garlic bread was good, but the meatballs tasted like Costco frozen meatballs. Definitely not homemade. We also got an order of garlic knots. That's what knocked my rating down two stars. The dough was fried, not baked. They were greasy and gross. Tasted like a garlic donut.
3_star Pretty good food, better than Macayos. The parking sucks though, and it's right next to a windshield repair shop so parking is even tighter. The atmosphere is so-so, so if you are in the mood for Mexican I would choose this if you are between the 101/202 and the 60/alma school, but don't expect to be swept off your feet.
1_star We went there on a Friday without a reservation. We were told that it could be an hour wait. But the hostess was very unfriendly, it was our first visit there and did not feel welcomed at all. We ended up no eating there. I don't care how good your food is if staff is unfriendly I am not going in there. We drove back to our go to place Razzoo.
1_star I was surprised that we were able to get a patio table on a Hot sunny Friday afternoon with no wait. Now I understand why. Slow service, bored staff, mediocre food and an over all unpleasant experience. It's burgers and salad...! How do you mess that up? Apparently you can. You're better off dining on street food.
2_star Cool Hand of a Girl offers simple and healthy food made with organic products, which has become what you'd expect from a place in the Junction as of late. Don't get me wrong, I can appreciate how great I feel after a wholesome meal made with locally-sourced, pesticide-free food, but to me, one of the most important things that a restaurant can and should do is make their guests feel welcome. That's where Cool Hand loses points. Maybe it's all part of the appeal for the artsy crowd you can expect to see, but Cool Hand can make you feel as if you're an annoyance to them just for being there. So although I did enjoy my Chicken Tarragon sandwich, I just can't see myself getting back there anytime soon, and somehow, I dont think they'll care.
5_star Yum! Chinese/Mexican fusion, who would have thought?!!! Seriously, the jade chicken is amazing... try it :)
4_star We live in the neighbourhood and have been to this place a few times and it has never disappointed. It gets busy fast nowadays so make sure you book in advance, especially on the weekend. On our most recent visit my wife and I brought our son (he's 6) on a Friday night. We sat by the large windows at the front and had a great view of Yonge Street. Our server was fantastic, she was great with our son, and really attentive. At the end of the meal I ordered a specialty coffee that she wasn't familiar with, so she googled it and totally nailed it - some of the best service we've had in a while. My son had the fungi pizza and he loved it. I had the pappardelle with duck ragu and it was spectacular, the duck was so rich and flavourful. The desserts are very rich and are served in small mason jars. My wife had a pumpkin panna cotta, my son had a chocolate mud pie, and I had an apple crumble. All three were stellar. The wine selection was great. I already mentioned my specialty coffee but have to mention again that it was spot on! We all strongly recommend Lil Baci!
1_star I had to remove my other review because first impressions can be wrong. AWEFUL!! Went with my parents and the rude young girl taking the order messed every burger up! Went up to complain and nobody would listen they kept their heads down and never made eye contact with me. So I came home and wrote a letter. I gave them a week to get back to me and still no reply. Don't go if you want your order screwed up and you actually want to enjoy your dinner.... We won't be going back to the Habit, ever again.
5_star Greeted right as you walk in, service very friendly. Early Sunday it is not crowded at all. I ordered the prickly pear sandwich and it was
1_star Got there for brunch at 1130. Waiter gets drinks wrong. Ordered food and 45 minutes later still no food and four other tables seated 15 to 20 minutes after us have their food and one is even leaving. Waiter says five minutes, we waited 10 still nothing. We walked out, recieved no apologies from staff. Just a "can you tell us where you were seated". Seriuosly, if you cant serve your customers close to the order they arrived in, close the doors and get out of the business.
1_star Just garbage. Service sucked. Coffee sucked. Took over 45 mins just to get food and they were not busy. Simply a waste of time.
2_star With all the local accolades and buzz, my party of 4 sat down with a certain level of expectation. Our assessment was that the food was OK, but considering we spent about $190 on the meal, we said, "meh". My tuna dish was good, not outstanding, as was the curried chicken and the appetizers--goat cheese dumplings, onion soup, and spring-like roll. The creme brûlée was just so so. The wine offerings were good but not any hidden gems that would make us say wow. We got the impression this restaurant doesn't know what it wants to be yet--we found their fusion concept to be lacking in taste and execution--and at the price point I'm not going to wait for them to do so.
1_star I don't often write reviews... But I had to share our awful experience... Ordered dumplings and two noodle dishes for my partner and I... App came quickly, followed by my partners noodle dish... Then we waited... And waited... And asked for mine... Finally after 20 minutes, I decided to cancel it, and we left... This was an awful dining experience, especially for Vegas. Plus, the food we did have, wasn't good...
5_star I am a big Thai food fan and must say I rarely write reviews, but this place is more than worthy of my praise. I was in Las Vegas for a convention and found this little gem. I ordered the Tom Kha soup (phenomenal), Fresh Spring Rolls (light and fresh, as the name suggests) and the one dish that blew me away - The Vegetarian Panang. - I must say that I've eaten at many Thai places and many curry dishes and this was one of the best I could remember. I highly recommend this restaurant to anyone visiting or looking for a top notch meal. TWO THUMBS UP!!
3_star I'd probably say 3.5 stars. The food was pretty average. The lobster bisque despite the hype was merely OK. The crab cakes were good. Our steaks were cooked properly, but again, were really nothing special. They couldn't serve me a witch doctor (supposedly a specialty drink of theirs) because they were all in use at the nightclub. What, special glasses or something???? I didn't understand that very much. Anyway, that was a con and we both felt the prices were too high for the quality presented. We did walk out on the roof top and the view is amazing so that was a plus. Overall is was a decent experience, but except for the view nothing was even close to spectacular.
2_star Not a great experience. My husband and I stopped in to Sprecher's for a sort of post-Memorial Day/back to work after a long weekend treat. The wait staff is friendly but I think we were very rushed. We ordered the stuffed mushrooms to start - Chef "Mic" (as in Microwave) did not get all of them as hot as they should have been. I wondered in what freezer lane of Costco they were found. Also, our server forgot to bring the little plates - not a huge glitch but I wondered what else would go not-so-right. Well, that was dinner. Decided on the spur of the moment to get comfort food - meatloaf, mashed potatoes and "creamed corn." The corn actually was whole kernel with some semblence of cream sauce, which was ok-tasting but not hoopla. I am not sure what flavor was in the potatoes, that were under the two thinnish slices of meatloaf. I could tell by the "stiffness" on top of the slices that the meatloaf - perhaps the entire plate - had been sitting a long time and zapped for heat. yarny breaded onion whatever-they-were didn't do anything to cover that up. We sat on the patio, which we normally like there, but were seated just under a speaker at the edge of the gazebo that covers the bar. I'm not "old" but can only take so much Z104 during dinner. Once we were done, took forever to get our bill and a take-home box for the leftovers. Would have been an OK instead of really not-great experience if it hadn't been so expensive. Not such a treat. Has been better other times we've been there.
3_star When my boyfriend told me we were going to "Salad King", I expected a salad restaurant. What I experienced was much, much better. You have to head up a flight of stairs to the second floor to get to this little hole-in-the-wall, but the climb is worth it. It's a very open, clean, and spacious layout here. All of the tables are metal, and the paper menus also double as placemats. You can select the spicyness of your meal via the amount of chilis you have added to your meal. You can apparently go up to 20. I don't want to know what happens if you select 20. Food wise, imagine McDonald's speed, yet relatively good quality. I was susprirsed how quickly our food arrived betwee ordering, and it being placed down on our table. My boyfriend got their Penang curry soup with white rice, and I got their spicy chicken (standard 2 chili sauce) with white rice. It came served in a very liquidy red sauce, and I was skeptical that it would be good; I was wrong! I cleared my whole plate, and left very full, and very happy. If you're in the mood for some fast Thai food, check this place out. If you want a more relaxed sit-down experience, you may want to go elsewhere. This isn't the kind of place where you sit down and chat with friends for an hour and a half; you sit down, order your food, demolish it, and head out.
2_star Not impressed. Great decor, great location - service, food and overall vibe was ack! Will try again in a few months.
5_star Seemed to be more of a locals place. Our waitress was amazing, the food was great and the prices weren't bad either. Would definitely go back again!!
1_star This was the absolute worst sushi experience I have ever had. I thought they were going to arrest me for wanting to take the rest of my sushi roll home. I got the all you can eat sushi and they charged me 4 extra dollars to take 4 pieces of a roll home. This is absolutely ridiculous. I could understand if I was going to leave 4 untouched sushi rolls there, but I had literally 4 pieces of one sushi roll left and they charged me. Unbelievable. They would also not bring me anything else until I finished ever single scrap on my plate. Not to mention our server was rude and unprofessional, and the customer service was atrocious. The sushi came out quick but the k-pop chicken I ordered came out cold and overcooked. I felt like I was being scammed for money. I had already paid for my food and then they wanted to charge me an extra fee to take 4 pieces home. So I decided I would just leave the 4 extra pieces there and was told I would still be charged additional fees even if I left the extra on the plate, so either way you were going to be charged more if you had anything left over. Complete and utter nonsense. I will not be returning here and I will never recommend this restaurant to others. Such a ripoff and disappointment.
3_star Mediocre food in a trendy atmosphere. Expected a good meal, instead got dry and over salted chicken parm. Waiter never checked with us on how the meal was after it was dropped off by the runner. Manager came over with attitude to inquire on our complaint, but barely acknowledged it. Eat elsewhere, then come for the drinks upstairs.
3_star Although not my favorite, Pita Jungle is an okay place to grab lunch. The food is very good, but certainly not the best. Sometimes I feel the food is too flavorful, and not in a good way. I did just discover that Pita Jungle has a reverse happy hour on food, and I enjoyed getting just about one of everything for about $20. The service is pretty good and PJ finds itself in a pretty good location downtown with easy parking. I've noticed it gets VERY busy for lunch, so allow a little extra time.
3_star Earl of sandwich is a great concept and the menu is super enticing. Prices are fair, quality is average. The turkey is in the form of cold cuts (not roasted like Capriotti's) and mirrored the quality of a Quiznos or- worse yet- Subway. The bread here is baked fresh to order and is fluffy on the inside and crispy on the outside- yum. The All American sandwich was okay, but again the quality of the turkey was off putting. It had cranberry sauce, buttermilk ranch, lettuce, tomatoes, and cheddar. The fellow reviewer who said this sandwich trumps the Bobbie must have had a few too many, I mean really. The tuna melt, however, was great- very simple with just tuna salad and melted cheese, but delicious. If you like tuna melts then this is the place for you (that might have been a 5-star sandwich!). Potato salad was average and they have a selection of other salads and kettle chips. There is also an assortment of baked goods, unfortunately the chocolate cupcake we tried was yellow cake mix with chocolate frosting (lame!). The earl gray lemonade was refreshing and delicious, and I loved that it was something different. Major props for having good vegetarian options (veggie sandwich with feta and peppers and a caprese). I'd probably come back for the tuna melt and an earl gray lemonade, but I am shocked that this place has better ratings than the much superior Tom Colicchio brainchild Witchcraft (which uses vastly superior ingredients and has more exciting offerings). Mad props that it's open 24 hours.
3_star Excellent food. Good prices. Nice balance of flavor and heat. Have not had a bad meal, have just had to wait a little longer than I wanted. Plan to relax and you will be fine. Actually would give this place four stars if they could be more consistent on time. Good service otherwise. Maybe food that tastes this good deserves some grace. Maybe I should be able to embrace the moment of peace it offers. Maybe I should go to the Fast Food place down the street if I am in such a hurry. Maybe... Food and Service - Wait time -
4_star I have both eaten in and taken out with a positive experience. From walking by, it doesn't look like the greatest place, but they have an interesting menu with different asian/asian fusion dishes so there's a little bit for everyone from the exotic to the simple. The Malaysian Sate, which I had with beef, was delicious and came in a more than adequately sized portion. The Pad Thai is also a delicious meal. All of the appetizers and other dishes I tried were more than satisfactory. For a student on a budget, this place is both delicious and relatively inexpensive. I would recommend it to anyone who likes interesting tastes of Asia.
3_star This place is decent. I would recommend the chicken cheesesteak and pass on the fries; the fries aren't that great. Kids liked the chicken nuggets.
4_star I Had A Great Time, $1.75 22oz Micro Brews, Karaoke Was A Blast, Hole In The Wall And I Wouldn't Have It Any Other Way!
3_star All you 49er Fans, this is the bar to go and watch the games. They have a enough TVs so everyone gets a chance to see the action. However, it does get really crowded with so if you want a good seat you have to arrive an hour before the game. The beer is only $3.50. Also when the Niners score you get a free jello shot. The service here is okay but they get a bit confused because they don't even keep track of who ordered what.
2_star The wait staff was very nice and the outdoor atmosphere was great but as for the food, I've had better Mexican in Indiana and North Carolina......and this is Phoenix, for Christ's sake! I know, i live here. sizzle in the fajita. They served refried beans and rice a roni. Never had pasta in a Mexican restaurant. Did the run out of arroz.....real rice. Better Mexican at the Bell.
1_star Awful. The noise level is deafening. Right after the four of us paid paid several hundred dollars for dinner, we were asked to vacate our table because someone else was waiting for it. Wait, what?! None of us will ever go there again nor will we recommend it. Too bad because one of the group is on the board of a large public company HQ in Charlotte. Stagioni won't get a second chance to make a good first impression.
4_star Food is awesome, but the shop had very limited seating, so it's really cramped. Be prepared to wait a while for a seat, then you still need to wait for the food to be cooked. The good thing is everything is fresh. Recommended Dish: Chive and pork dumplings, Green Onion pancake Reviewed during: Mon - Fri Lunch time Service Speed: 4 / 5 Cooking speed: 3.5 / 5 Food Quality: 5 / 5 Food Quantity: 4 / 5 Price: 5 / 5 Cleanness: 4 / 5 Repeat: Yes
4_star The carne asada torta is great. Terrific flavors, soft bread, tender meat. Actually anything with the carne asada or the carnitas is good. And the ladies in the kitchen and behind the counter are super sweet. It's good place to stop by for lunch or you can phone your order in and they'll usually have it ready within 10 to 15 minutes.
1_star Just finished eating there and could not write this quick enough. Each time I've gone there the service has gotten progressively worse. Was looking for southern BBQ. Nothing like Texas. Wouldn't recommend this place at all. Food is not bad, service is bad and prices way too high.
4_star Stopped today and was there last month. Both times, they were short on staff. However; the waitress was apologetic and was very good on both occasions. The food was also good both times. It's nothing extraordinary but it's always decent lunch fare. Will always go back.
4_star Had the $9.95 meal deal. Picked a main dish and two sides. Generous portions of everything was given. I had the Pork, grilled zucchini and potatoes. Everything was seasoned well, the prok was juicy and flavorful. It was enough for two whole meals. The sandwiches looked good and the pastries looked devine. Am determined to make it back there soon. Great place for lunch, and near a great historic neighborhood to go walking around when finished to make up for all the tasty goodness in your belly.
4_star The lunch buffet is awesome! You can get mild, American-friendly dishes like chicken tikka masala and more authentic fares, such as goat meat. The buffet alOfws you to try tastes of everything, and go back and get more of what you love. The naan is delicious and the tikka masala is the perfect thing for a cold day. I know it's not something that is typically done, but one of my favorite things to eat at Maharani is a few of the gulab jamun with some mango ice cream in the same dish. Lovely combination of textures, and hot and cold. So tasty, and the perfect way to end a meal! I would probably visit just for the smells! Service is good, water glasses are constantly filled and plates are cleared quickly.
4_star I went with a group of 2 other friends at 11pm and we ordered a cocktail each, as well as the green tea brick toast. The cocktail was good, and the brick toast was really good too. The only thing that stops me from giving it a five star review was that the waiter did not give us utensils until five minutes after our toast came (even though it wasn't too busy), and it took a long time for the food + drinks come.
4_star 4.5/5! Cause there's always room for improvement right? Totally kidding, I literally just hate that I can never finish the food here LOL Denny's is a key place for us to go when we have family from overseas. It's almost become a ritual to bring every visitor to try out this modernized diner. We went around midnight and were seated right away and it took about 5-10 minutes for the waitress to come to our table. Usually I would be pretty upset about this but it was only one waitress responsible for our whole side; it wasn't quiet either, it was pretty crowded for how late it was. Regardless, our waitress was awesome; super friendly, cheery, and extremely efficient. She took our drink and food orders together and it arrived within 10 minutes. We all ordered a breakfast pancake platter: blueberry pancake breakfast, peanut butter cup pancake breakfast (new!), and cinnamon pancake breakfast (new!). I was told the cinnamon pancake tasted like a cinnamon roll! All plates come with two eggs (can be switched to egg whites), their delicious hash browns, and bacon or sausage (or both!). We all decided to get turkey bacon. From all of us, the food was delicious. Every table has salt and pepper, ketchup, strawberry and orange jams, sugars and sweeteners, etc. The eggs, bacon, and hash browns come on one plate and the pancakes come on another. Naturally, you can understand why I can't ever finish their food. One of us finished their whole two plates but the rest left a bit of each. You know when you're so full but the food is way too good for you to stop but you know it's not a good idea to continue for the sake of your stomach's sanity? Yeah, that's a Denny's visit for me. They also have free wi-fi! It was a little humid inside but it wasn't unbearable. All three orders put together came up to about $33 which I think is pretty reasonable considering the quality and quantity of the food you're served. Denny's is always a recommend :) enjoy!
3_star Since the renovation of the restaurant it looks more appealing to the eye. It was nice how it's a family friendly restaurant & the customer service was awesome. I give this place three stars, because their food is mediocre. There is nothing special about the burgers. It's nice they have a variety of burgers to chose from, but when you bite into the burger it's not anything spectacular. Also I don't like how they have steak cut fries I'm more of a shoestring type of person.
3_star The Fifth Grill and Terrace was rated on a blog as one of the best steaks in Toronto. My husband and I were excited to go, especially because it also boasted a beautiful rooftop dining patio. The experience was neat, as the entrance is an unmarked door in an alley and after being checked off the reservations list were escorted up an old industrial elevator to the top floor. We had the place to ourselves which was a little weird at 6:30 on a Saturday night. This meant our waitress was very attentive. The wine list was short and expensive but did have a bottle of Canadian red which was delicious. The food was very expensive as well and was fine, but not delicious and worth the cost ($50/main mean plus $7/side vegetables). The salmon appetizer was very disappointing since it was just a couple slabs of cold salmon and no flavor profile. The ambiance was very nice, though there is no view since it is squashed between taller buildings.
3_star Was anxious to try this new place in Cuyahoga Falls. Great location and simple smart decor. Our waitress was extremely knowledgable providing beer and food Recommendations based on our tastes. Unfortunately, we were disappointed in the limited, pricey, and eclectic menu. While I love this type of new adventures and food, the bone marrow was oily and not prepared correctly. Their greens were delicious along with their scallops but the burger, which we heard so much about, was average. We each tried a flight of beer providing four different tastes of their crafts. Three out of four were flat. Concerned some mainstream food should be provided on their very limited menu. Considering 2 flights, one appetizer, one salad, a burger and scallops was $93. Ouch. Won't be running back.
4_star This is flatbread (Afghan style) central my friends. If its not here, it does not exist. Real good flatbread styles from the other side of the world. Oh and the deserts are real good too, take them to go. In goodness they have tea and such on the house, as is custom. Moustafa runs a good operation here, along with the ladies kept in back. As custom too, lots of smoking and chatting outside, no need to rush off.
1_star Horrible. Food had to ordered and paid for at counter. Cashier did not speak English. Food was eventually brought to table, Luke warm. And missing extras we ordered and paid for. Tortillas were soggy with grease.
5_star Its super cool. Favorite bartender is Travis. The pregnant girl my favorite waitress.
2_star Myeh. Broken wifi, and the cappuccino I ordered was just an espresso shot in a cup of hot milk. But that chocolate chip muffin was REALLY good.
1_star We waited 30 minutes with no one taking our drink or food order. We left. Very disappointing. There weren't very many people there either. If they're going to make it they need to get their act together.
1_star Low quality, high price and service was RIDICULOUSLY slow! Did I mention my wife got food poisoning the first night we stayed in Vegas at this place!!! The food was bland as well! Go ANYWHERE else but here! I really don't like giving poor reviews but can't help it with this place!
1_star If I could assign"zero" stars I would. Absolutely horrible. Service......bad. Food.......worse. No attention at all is given after you're seated. Had to get up and find my server for a knife! Had to get up and find my server for drink refills. And I still left 20% grat. Used to frequent the original Nora's back in the 90's. They lost their way from those days. But the place was packed so I'm sure they will not change. However they will go forward without my business or that of my friends unless they do change. ASAP!!!
5_star I've watch D-Beatstro improved their offerings and options over the last few months and it's been great to see them grow from sort of disorganized but charming to really having a solid menu, kitchen, and coffee set up. They have a nice variety of baked goods, occasionally have gluten-free options too for those of you that need/want them, and herbalist blended teas available. But my favourite thing now is their brunch, because it's good, really good. Seating is comfortable and well spaced out, so if you're tired of sharing elbow room with other folks during weekend brunches - this might be a great spot to check out. The restaurant and cafe is also wheelchair and/or mobility device accessible with a ramp outside (they also have an accessible washroom.) The folks here make a great soy latte, and why anyone would recommend going to a Starbucks or Tim Hortons over even a non-dairy latte, I don't understand, but Kevin S. you do you. They also have a variety of other fun drinks - like hot chocolate, white hot chocolate, matcha lattes, and other surprises in store for you. They also "only" have soy, almond, coconut, and cashew. Oh no, too many options? Branch out a little. Check em out for brunch or during the week.
2_star Bubble tea is good enough, but the service is definitely a weakness. The guy on the counter was so rude with me and other customers.
5_star Good BBQ is a layback space and generous drinks. The brisket is as tender as butter and baby back ribs have a great smoke. Your choice of sauce and don't forget to try the gooey butter cake! It is amazing - like pecan pie without the pecans and the pie is cake!! It's a great trial of your sugar levels
2_star I really hate to give this place such a bad review but I just can't take it anymore . I love the food so much and I come here pretty often too. The service is just so bad. I have never had one good experience with the service here. They are extremely rude!
2_star Not the best Steak House on the strip, far from it in fact. Had two mediocre meals at this place. Cost for 4 approx $600. I think my money would have spent better elsewhere.
3_star I ordered the country steak with gravy, corn, and cream potatoes. My meat was slightly warm which was problematic for me because I prefer my food hot. I ate quickly since it was not hot; however, my cream potatoes and corn were steaming. The corn and potatoes tasted like they were both from the same can, and the cornbread muffins were hard and cold too. Now, my mother ordered a chicken cheese steak, french fires, and fried okra. Her food was soooo good. The chicken was season to perfection with the onions, peppers, and cheese. Her fries were hot (you can't mess up fries), and the okra was breaded with the necessary amount of bread, the okra was fresh and the lemonade was the best Country Time I have had in a while. Georgio's is not all bad, but my guess is you have to be careful what you order.
2_star Service takes forever! Food is inconsistent and poor. Eat down the street at chipotle or mcdonalds instead.
4_star Out on a cold winter's week night, some friends and I thought we'd head to Terroni on Adelaide for a casual bite. Not having a reservation, on what appeared to be a very busy night, the hostess recommended that we try their new venture, La Bettola di Terroni, which was close by. Once we arrived, we were all immediately impressed by the glass-walled pantry in the entranceway. It is always comforting to find a restaurant that flaunts its freshness. To me, it screams, 'Come in! We know what we are doing!' We took the advice, and waited for a table in a very cramped entrance way. With three other patrons in front of us, the hostess desk seemed very busy, but soon we were greeted and seated having had a table reserved at the suggestion of the hostess at Terroni. The first thing we noticed, sitting at the end of a very long shared table, was how loud the music was. A mixture of 60s R&B and 70s Disco; it was far too loud. We actually couldn't even hear each other. Being a trio, I had to use my friend to the left to convey what I was saying to the friend sitting opposite me. At one point, while trying to explain my thoughts on my salad to the person across from me, they smiled, nodded, and asked 'so what salad are you having'? I'll admit the restaurant was packed, bustling, and full of all the noises that come with that, but despite that, the music was the biggest contributor to the noise. Our server soon appeared and did a great job answering all the questions we threw at him about red and white wines. He spoke well and seemed to truly care about recommending something we'd enjoy. Unfortunately, upon his return he gave the white to the red drinker and vice versa. To his credit, he noticed his own mistake and did not make it again with any of the refills. Looking at the menu, anyone familiar with Terroni will find a lot to like here. It is, as their website describes, a sort 'best of' all the food at Terroni, with something for everyone. Bread arrived with olive oil to dip. The oil had a nice earthy bitterness and was quite enjoyable. Our salads arrived soon after: a Giuggiolosa with mixed greens with Cambozola cheese, grilled peppers, pine nuts, black olives, honey and a Barbabietole e Caprino with roasted beets, goat's cheese, lamb's lettuce, pistachios, candied lemon zest, and anchovy balsamic dressing. The Giuggiolosa was slightly too sweet and could have used a few more of Bettola's exceptional olives to add some more saltiness, but the Barbabietole e Caprino was near flawless. The beets were well roasted, and the flavours all stood out, as they should have. Looking at the menu, one of my guests fondly remembered having eaten Arancini di Modica on a ferry ride once from Italy to Sicily, so out of nostalgia, we ordered them. Arancini are breaded and deep-fried balls of rice, cheese and other fillings. At La Bettola di Terroni, they're filled with mozzarella and a pork ragout. They were a step above their peasant food origins, but all of us agreed that they weren't spectacular, didn't live up to the nostalgia, and we wouldn't be compelled to order them again. Our pizzas arrived soon after. Having been to other Terronis before, I knew what to expect, and so we decided to split two pizzas between the three of us. Although thin crusted, they're not small. We ordered a Smendozzata, with sausage, red onion and gorgonzola on a tomato base, and a C't Mang with prosciutto, pear, walnuts and honey with gorgonzola and mozzarella on an olive oil base. The Smendozzata was classic Terroni style, and just as expected. The Gorgonzola was sharp and salty, and the sausage had a hint of fennel. Tasty. The C't Mang was also excellent, with the perfect combination of salty and sweet, and a nice sharpness from the Gorgonzola. Overall, it was a good meal. With La Bettola di Terroni, the Terroni family has added another feather in its cap. La Bettola di Terroni serves classic, Italian comfort food and serves it well. Besides the noise level, it's be a great place to take a date, bring the family, or bring friends.
3_star Food is alright. Ambiance is boring. Service is always great though! Good happy hour menu. I do like that they have a bar area with a couple of tv's. I just wish they had better food options (like sushi) and a better ambiance.
4_star 777 is all you need to know when visiting Mr. Lucky's. I had heard from a friend about this off the menu deal that gave me a steak, 3 shrimp skewers, and some mashed potatoes, BOMB.com for the $7.77 price tag. AND there's nothing a little A1 and ketchup couldn't fix. For what it is, I can't complain. You get a whole lotta bang for not a lotta bucks. I say you pocket the savings and go help support the local dance bars, win win for all.
3_star I got over my initial disappointment that this is not what anyone who frequents delis in NYC or other big cities would call a deli, and I must say, the food, although decidedly modest in culinary ambition, is consistently good. The fact that all profits go to charity, per owner JD Gibbs' design), is also cool.
5_star Help me kick my Friday night off right. Walked through the door to a comfortable atmosphere. Greater by a wonderful waitress and not rushed to place our order as we enjoyed a meticulously made Old Fashion and a house refused peach martini. As our drinks soothed our pallet we were served an appetizer of burnt ends with Korean BBQ sauce and BBQ slaw. These delicious bite size morsels melted in my mouth and served as a nice prelude to the enjoyment to come. The brisket was recommended and served with BBQ corn with an infused BBQ butter along side on some creamy and lite macaroni and cheese. The meat was full of flavor and so tender that it dissolved in our mouths. I enjoyed the Friday night prime rib with loaded baked potato. The a 12 ounce piece of meat the portion seemed huge. The flavor was filled with the effort you would expect in a slow smoked prime rib. Once we finished our meal we slow rolled next store to enjoy a movie. That is how you end a stressful week. Thank you.
1_star Worst service ever ! The waiter was so rude and careless we asked him to switch tables because the seats were not comfortable and there was so many empty tables he got offended and started insulting us in Chinese so we do not understand .. When u walk in to this place u don't feel welcomed !!! my advice is to go to other sushi places out there that offer you a much better food and service
1_star Being from Chicago and a Blackhawks fan I decided to stop by this bar with my girlfriend to watch game 5 of the Stanley cup final. We get to the front and there is maybe one other couple standing around. Normally when going to bars in the Scottsdale area your greeted by a bouncer not a hostess, but I figured hey what the heck. So as we approach the hostess the first thing she says to us is sorry there's a 2 and a half hour wait to get in. We say 2 and a half hours ? well unfortunately we would have missed the game if we wanted to wait that long. Supposedly her reasoning was because the bar area was too full ? Never heard of such a thing in Scottsdale considering I've lived here for the last 5 years. Looking in there was clearly enough room for at least another 50-75 people in the bar area. Not only that but her tone when saying that was very rude and condescending. I'm thinking to myself you know your not the only bar with the Blackhawks game right ? Lol We took our business to bottled blondes where the service was top notch and people understand the concept of customer service and customer retention. Very disappointed after hearing this was a Blackhawks bar. Will never go here again. I'll post a video to show you how "full" it was inside.
3_star My friend and I swung in her last night around 10:30 after a show at the Smith Center. Both of us had missed dinner and were starving. The place was pretty dark and empty looking but once inside we found three or four other tables of late night eaters. As a whole this place is kind of a greasy spoon and a bit sticky but that really didn't bother us. I ordered the waffle breakfast with eggs and sausage and the portion was huge. My friend got the same thing only with pancakes instead. We both really liked what we had and seriously loved the butter they used. The service was fine nothing good or bad to say about that and the price was right at $24 for both of our meals and two coffees. Certainly be someplace when a late night breakfast craving hits.
5_star I went to Park on Fremont yesterday and had an amazing meal. I had the chili and the half baby backed ribs. I would recommend those highly and don't forget to get a beer in a jar. FYI it's best to park at the El Cortes and not the parking lot next to park. It's only one dollar an hour at the El Cortez vs 20.00 for the unsuspecting tourist.
1_star Food was cold and way overpriced...my boyfriend ordered mushy peas for his side and we watch as they opened a can and threw them in the microwave for a minute...they were cold and they looked and tasted like baby food not true mushy peas...will never go back.
5_star For those who haven't recently been to Fire Water it's really gotten quite excellent. This is a classic (and classy) family-run restaurant the food that is served is first rate. The restaurant's atmosphere is sophisticated but, at the same time, almost homey, making Fire Water a very pleasant dining experience. Prices, too, are reasonable for the quality, and the service is unmatched.
4_star 1) Bún I've been looking for a pho place that serves bún with this exact combination: spring roll, grille meat ball and shrimp on sugar cane. Finally found it here. 2) Pho Broth was clear and light but still flavourful. Good amount of meat. 3) Jackfruit milkshake Contains real jackfruit, not too blended so you could still feel the fruit. Restaurant was still 3/4 full on a Sunday night with a thunderstorm on the way. Service was fine, milkshake came at the me of our meal but maybe they were too busy or forgot. Would return here.
2_star Sushi is so-so, a bit pricey for so-so sushi. But worst of all this place smells like a dirty dish rag that has been sitting out in the baking sun. The smell is very off putting and ruined our experience. Also the service was so-so.
1_star Let me just dive right into it. Terrible food and horrible service. I took a group of friends and it took them 45 mins to even come around to take our drink orders. We ask for a bottle of white that they have listed up on the chalk wall and our waiter tells us that its better we order from the menu cos the wine list up on the chalk board is there to look pretty and they might not have those wines. They then run out of wine glasses by the time we get around to ordering our second wine bottle ( i would have thought you could do 8 rounds of dishes in the time they made us wait for the wine, apparently putting out 9 clean glasses is more work than I thought). The waiter finally comes to take our order and informs us they they dont have any sandwiches. We put in our order and when the food finally arrives, they have get the wrong dish for one person and forget one order completely. The french onion soup arrives and it does not even look like French onion soup, forget taste like one. My friend and I order the grilled salmon. Both of us get an over salted morsel of fish. I somehow get a salad and he gets just fries. My other friend, who orders the chicken, gets fries and salad with his chicken and another just gets chicken and salad. The chicken was dry and chewy and we had to wait for 10 mins to get get salt and pepper for the table. Not once during the entire meal did someone come to our table to check on us and ask us how the food was (they probably knew) and we had to threaten to walk out before someone even came to take our dessert orders, which we just had to give up on when they hadn't arrived till 11:45. In conclusion. Terrible food and horrible service. Never going back there.
4_star Went to this restaurant on Saturday for dinner. It was busy. Food was good. Just beware of the suggested specials which is recommended by the server. Ask for the price. On the menu the mains are reasonable e.g. lamb shank is $25.95. From the specials the veal chop was $37.95 and halibut was $37.95. For 4 of us we wanted to share the calamari as a starter and the server suggested we order a main dish which we did but the portion was not the greatest. We gave our feedback to John, the manager the following day and he confirmed that all the servers would inform the clients of the prices of the specials on a go forward and he hoped we would give them another chance.
5_star Great service, a nice alternative for lunches in uptown. The owner is so helpful and friendly, gives great suggestions for mixing and matching proteins or sauces. Place can get packed for lunch.
4_star Can I get a Whopper? Not anymore... A former Burger King at Bathurst and Bloor has become the second Toronto location for the Vancouver dynamo chain. It's easy enough to almost walk past Guu Sakabar--nicknamed Guu 2--as you travel down Bloor Street; the exterior is dark and the signage is minimal, as are the windows. Once you do see it though, the slate-coloured walls and wood accents look stunning and attractive. Inside, things are kept just as simple and uncluttered with a very open concept dining room filled with long wooden tables. Unlike the Church Street location, this Guu has a small separate dining space where patrons are expected to de-shoe before being seated on the floor. Actually, you won't find a typical table anywhere at Guu Sakabar. In the main dining room, the idea is that you share your experience with others at large communal tables--with your friends, or with strangers. If you're uncomfortable with these seating arrangements you can sit at the bar, but fair warning you will be right in the thick of things... This restaurant is famous for a quirky element that is unavoidable during your dining experience; from the time you enter to the time you leave you'll be subject to loud yells and cheers from the staff that boom through the whole restaurant. They boisterously welcome you when you enter, and give you a loud farewell when you leave. I would assume there are a handful of people out there who would be infinitely turned off by this, but I think it gives this place one of the best atmospheres around. I almost expected the Happy Birthday chant to be low-key as an ironic contrast, but they don't miss a beat. The entire staff literally sings a birthday song to you, even the chefs behind the counter. With that in mind, this has to be one of the most well-trained service and kitchen staff I've ever come across. I went to Guu 2 on a Tuesday evening, and it was jam-packed. Between seating guests, taking orders, delivering orders, cooking, clearing and processing payments, I have no idea how they manage to keep on top of their enthusiastic cheers. Guu has raised the bar for what I believe a well-working service staff is capable of. I will say that a couple of our orders that I consider starters, like salads and sashimi, came out last, but the dishes are small, and if you order a few and they come out of the kitchen so fast that the sequence hardly matters. The organization and teamwork is impeccable; we sat at the bar in front of all the action and more than once, a dish would be ready to go out and the chefs would hand them right to us. It seems like everyone knows where everything goes and what everyone is doing. Awesome. Well to me, a restaurant is worth nothing if the food doesn't hold up, so I am happy to say that the food on this Japanese Tapas-style menu does have a strong voice, even in this noisy dining room. A variety of dishes are offered, from the expected edamame and sashimi to the more unique items like puffed octopus (a soufflé of tender octopus and creamy cheese) and fried skewers of quail egg. Each item's price point is around what I expect from a Tapas restaurant, but the servings are very substantial. The sashimi salad ($7.80) in particular is large enough to be split amongst two people heartily, or four people with ease. The sashimi pieces are definitely worthy of two bites each and you can get six in a platter for only $6.80. One benefit to sitting at the bar is watching each dish go out. One by one we found ourselves ogling at what was going past. Quite simply, the food is great, and you certainly get more than what you pay for. It was just a fun dining experience to be a part of; and I did feel as though we were part of it. You may have to yell your conversations across the table to be heard, but at the same time, you'll be smiling while doing it.
1_star It's too bad I like their food, because tonight was the last time I'll ever go here. I got here at around 10:30p, the place was a little busy, more than I expected for time, but I was seated quickly, despite the fact that no effort was made to clean the dried strawberry rings off the table. I ordered a burger and a banana shake, and was quickly brought a glass of water, no utensils, no napkins (but who needs a napkin when eating a burger?). Fast forward 40 minutes when my burger arrived. It tasted ok, as good as any other time I've been to a franchise and was served within 10 minutes of placing my order. After I finished eating, I sat waiting for the waitress to bring the check to see if she had charged me for the banana shake I never received. After another 15 minutes I was brought the check, and as I'm walking to the register the another waitress comes at me with a melted banana shake. I refused, paid my tab, and left, never to return. It was the first time in my life I've left $0 for a tip.
1_star Starting with the stale chips and ending with a disgustingly dirty bathroom with no soap and no paper towels. I can't imagine what the kitchen looked like. Beer was good.
5_star For someone who is not really a fan of golf i REALLY like this place. Its a great place to hangout, eat, drink and have a lot of fun. I only been there once and i can not wait to go back and do it all over again. it is also a great place for big groups. Thanks everyone at top golf for the amazing experience.
2_star Here sushi equates to much ice-cold rice with very skimpy bits of fish on top. Had to ask waitress for wasabi and ginger and given inadequate amount. Salad floating in dressing, bland miso soup. Slow service. A year or two ago one could get a decent lunch here.
5_star My boyfriend and I had been wanting to stop by for months. We finally had the opportunity last night and had a wonderful meal. My boyfriend is from back east and misses the mom and pop restaurant. We finally found it here! The food was amazing and the service is excellent! We have found our place we want to be regulars at!
1_star Last straw. Sat done ordered and waited. No one came back, watched lots of other people get their stuff and we waited. Maybe if the owner didn't cater to his friends who happened to be a party of 20 plus maybe we would have been attended to. I don't know but I will say it. Yes we were the only ones of color. Yes I said it. But I don't like to think that. I forgave the waitress that walks blindly around me and asks the other numerous tables can I help you. I wish this disgusting place would close or get a new owner. Yes he was there catering to his friends. It must have been him since he was running around for them. I'm ok now. I will tell everyone I know.
3_star Meh... That's all I really thought while I ate my chicken fajita sandwich. It wasn't bad by any means... For a $13 lunch, I wasn't impressed. I liked the inside of the place, it looked fun to be in. There is a large selection of things to get but it's just one of those places that feel like I got kinda ripped off. I could go to Sacks down the street and get an amazing chicken fajita sandwich for a couple bucks less. I like to give places the benefit of the doubt and maybe what I got was not there best, so I shall return in the future and hit up the other grill that has burgers. Extra star for the dude walking around with a bowl of candy. That was cool.
2_star The pizza was good and the salad was huge. However, this particular Metro location on Horizon Ridge is always extremely slow in getting your food to you and many times the pizza is cold. Yesterday the waitress totally forgot our order after a 35 minute wait. She didn't apologize but took 5 percent off our bill. So if you go just be be prepared for long waits to get your food. This is going to be our last visit after 10 times of being loyal customers. Enough is enough. They need a floor manager to be on top these issues.
1_star I wanted to give BWW the benefit of possibly having a better experience on my second visit there . On this Monday night visit I was with a friend. The host seated us on the patio and informed us our server would be with us shortly and she would come back and bring me some flatware. 'Note the restaurant was not busy..' Needless to say after waiting more than 15 minutes my friend called BWW from the patio informing them that we had not been served. Beverly was very apologetic and stated someone would be right out. Well after an additional 10 mins. wait we decided to leave. As we entered the restaurant There were servers standing and sitting around. I was astonished and for what good-if any it did i shared my frustration with Beverly. She stated that those seated servers were not ours. Didn't matter. What happened to teamwork? Needless to say I will not return to this BWW...440 E. McCullough Dr. Suite 230 Charlotte, NC
2_star Meh, I've experienced better is definitely an accurate representation of how I felt after my recent visit to Terroni. It was ok, but for the price, Grazie at Yonge and Eglinton is much better!
1_star Unorganized mess. Don't believe the hype. My friends burrito had literally three small pieces of pork and my salad bowl was basic and flavorless. It wasn't cheap either. Oh and i finished my meal before my friend even got his meal which is mainly the reason for the first word of this review.
2_star I received a coupon for joining the Corleones V.I.P. Club and another for my birthday for one free small sandwich. I usually go to the 16th st and Camelback one, but since they opened this one its closer to my house. I brought the coupon into the store and the guy behind the register stated it was expired. I didn't see the expiration and told them it was my fault, no big deal. I went home and printed my other free sandwich coupon and proceeded to call the Corleones and place my order for pick up. This is 20 minutes later, and I call in my order and the owner gets on the phone, has an attitude that I'm the same person and that he threw out my Philly cheese steak a few minutes earlier. The owner inquires about "what other, coupon" I have, with an abrasive tone, indicating I made one up. At this time I am very appalled that the owner of Corleones is actually talking to me like this and immediately ask, "is this how you treat all your customers," then proceeds to tell me he doesn't need my business, and hangs up the phone. Frankly this is a pathetic way to treat a long times Corleones customer, to say the least, I will not be recommending this place to anyone based on such horrible customer service by the owner himself and will be taking my business back to the 16th st and Camelback Corleones. Obviously this translates down to his employees and they will most likely see it OK to treat people like crap. This owner thinks he's too good to be cookin on the hot grill and servin Philly cheese steaks....c'mon buddy?
4_star I'm glad I gave this place a shot, I ordered the Santa Barbara and I was not disappointed. I was surprised to see that you have to pay for fries separately but no biggie. There was not much variety there and I will admit that the employees don't know the menu as well as I expected. (I usually like to as them their recommendation or their most popular item) The Santa Barbara was delicious, it comes with bacon, avocado on sourdough bread. (Highly recommend this if you're a simple ingredient type of person) Their location is also great, it's across the street from Zoyo's (frozen yogurt) and if you have a picky eater you have chipotle, Mad Greens, NYPD, Wingstop, and Foce guys in the same plaza.
4_star Nice location: not crowded and fast and very friendly service. This review refers to a carryout order of the newly re-introduced Cheesy Bites pizza. Generally I am not a fan of Pizza Hut, I find their Pan Pizza too greasy. I have tried the Cheesy Bites in many places around the world and especially in Europe it was a-m-a-z-i-n-g. So the European version of the Cheesy Bites is my benchmark. (for pizza connoisseurs, yes it was Pizza Hut and it was that good) The Cheesy Bites themselves I was slightly disappointed when comparing them to the EU ones. The European ones were big, puffy and filled with cheese. These "new" ones were smaller, crispier and without as much cheese. They were actualy smaller version of the Stuffed Rolls Pizza Hut had. I should point out here that the cheese had a slight tanginess I didn't like (same as with Stuffed Rolls); mind you I am very eclectic (and even weird) when it comes to cheese (for example I hate cheddar, unlike 95% of people) so unless you've tried other versions of the Cheesy Bites you probably won't notice the difference. Otherwise the crust and sauce were just perfect. The crust was chewy and soft without greasiness or sogginess and combined with the sauce it had a very pleasant sweet taste. The price for the large Cheesy Bites was about $12 or $15 if you choose a specialty pizza (like the Lovers pizza) and while it may not be the cheapest pizza in town, especially for a pizza chain, is good value for something different. If you just want great cheap pizza try Jesse's Pizza or Pizza My Dear for $5. The pizza was baked adequately, maybe it would be better with a minute less or so but the baking at Pizza Hut is usually automated. The place wasn't crowded on a Friday night and service was fast and very warm and firendly, such a rarity these days. Overall I'd give this version of the Cheesy Bites 8.5/10 and this store 4.5/5.
4_star Quick, great price and tasty. The breakfast BLT was just made, hot, crispy, and fresh lettuce and tomato. $3.99 it cannot beat.
4_star This my back up place. Whenever I'm torn between two places, I go to Honey Pig. Always a good choice.
5_star I always make sure to stop at the good egg whenever I'm in Phoenix it's my favorite place to eat breakfast or lunch they have the best biscuits and gravy in town. The place is always clean and the staff is very helpful and friendly keep it up good egg!
1_star I don't like anything about this place - the food is TERRIBLE & overpriced. The beers are way too expensive compared to other pubs. The service is awful & the building is a dirty old house. I've had several issues with the management as well. They just don't know what they are doing.
4_star We had a great dinner again at Donatellos. We have been coming here for years, actually followed them down the street when they moved. The service here is friendly, attentive, and the servers know you are there to enjoy an evening. We like to have our appetizer while we stroll through the menu. I tried the grilled peppers appetizer, it was not what I had expected, the server took it away, replaced it with something else, and it was removed from the bill. My entrée was the veal Marsala, an amazing dish. The veal is so tender, and the Marsala sauce incredible. This seems to be a family run restaurant, very welcoming, and caring staff. I can comfortably recommend it to my friends
5_star The best all-you-can-eat sushi place in the city. Lots of options, speedy/friendly service, tablets with pictures to make ordering quick and easy. Highly recommended!
5_star Can you please open on of these in NYC?! I fell in love with this place. The food. The service. The ambiance. Even the location was perfect. It's away from the Vegas strip which can be a bit too loud for one to enjoy a nice meal but at the same time its so close to Fremont St that has a lot to offer. The restaurant is located exactly across from the back of the Container Park, which by the way everyone should go to. The wait time here is tricky, it depends at what time you show up. But don't be taken back by the amount of people waiting, every second you wait will be worth it once you go in and eat. The menu is very basic, but everything sounds great and if you are like me you will find yourself looking at other table sot see what people ordered. So everywhere I turned everything looked amazingly good. For appetizer, we had some biscuits with strawberry sauce drizzled with confectionery sugar....TO DIE FOR. As soon as we took a bite of the biscuit we knew that we were in for a good eat. For main course i went for the pancakes with an apple sausage and my brother and mom went for the breaded steak, yes STEAK. When they ordered they missed the part that said steak so when they went in for the cut they say that it was not a fried chicken breast, it was steak. And holy moly was that a big piece of steak. Both of them could of ate from one plate. The steak came with two eggs and potatoes. As to my pancakes, it was a simple dish, but boy were those pancakes huge. They gave me three I only ate one and a half. I couldn't do it. And let's just say that for the price I did not mind not being able to finish it all.
5_star This was my first time here as we were shopping in the area with my family and haven't had dinner yet. Ya a good choice. Nice, homely atmosphere and great food to go along with it. I tried their Sheppards Pie and was glad I did. Next best thing to being home made. Fiancé had salad and French onion soup with garlic bread. She liked it, but wasn't the best soup she has ever had, should have been made with croutons. Step son had the veggie burger as there was not many veggie alternatives. Still was tasty though, he said. Staff were polite and friendly, food was quick and accurate. All in all a great experience, and will definitely be back.
3_star Ordered delivery, and the food was great. There is a $20 minimum, so expect to place a big order. Customer Service: The woman on the phone was extremely rude. Beyond a confrontational tone, she basically hung up on me. After I spent 20 dollars, of course.
3_star Waited almost 20 minutes for my breakfast order, which is why I'm giving just 3 stars. But once it came, my food was good. The verde sauce on the huevos rancheros was delicious. I probably won't do the potatoes again because they are heavily seasoned with rosemary which I personally don't care for. But they were roasted to perfection, with onion. So if you like rosemary, these will make you very happy!
5_star It had been a while since I had Italian food so the wife and I randomly picked RigaTony's and we are damn glad we did! The interior is tastefully decorated and charming and it has a cozy atmosphere without crowding the tables together. The food starts with a sample of wine and an excellent salad and bread fresh from the oven, I had the Fettucini Alfredo with a meatball and it was just fantastic! The wife had the Fettucini Alfredo with Chicken Lemon and Artichoke which was delectable! Our service was prompt (we came at 4:30pm on a Wednesday) and our server was friendly, sociable, and helpful! Good Job RigaTony's!!!
4_star Went to AQTS with best friend on a weekday. Very nice Victorian decor. For $38, you will have four different finger sandwiches: smoked salmon, cucumber, egg salad & chicken cranberry. Two scones with Devonshire cream & jam. Petit four sweets. One made to order daily quiche and green salad. One loose tea from 25+ selections offered. Sandwich bread came from bakery at same plaza. Fresh made daily. Scones are ok to me, a bit dry. I had tried better scones at Blue Willow Tea Shop Muskoka. For me personally, #1 scone in Ontario is Blue Willow Tea Shop. #2 is Windsor Arms. #3 is After Queen. Service is pretty attentive. Reservation IS highly recommended. All tables were occupied when left. Have a happy afternoon tea! It also offers crepes. Price ranges from $10-$15.
4_star My favorite local breakfast place! Omelet and home fries are my go to. If for some reason I don't fee like eggs, which is rare, I go with the chicken and rice.
1_star The potatoes in my breakfast burrito were not cooked all the way, way too much seasoning on the carne asada fries, and to top it off the cashier was extremely rude and unpleasant. I'll stick to the other taco shops, thank you very much.
5_star Finally I have found my favorite place to eat in Las Vegas. Even though I was quite impressed by the quality of their food and service I didn't write a review that day. Visited them again today, and guess what...? Same quality and even better customer service. Five stars for sure Tasty Grill. I'm in love
3_star Bernard's is a French Bistro located at one of my favorite spots in Las Vegas, Lake Las Vegas. I've passed it many times and this past Saturday I went for Brunch with my Girlfriend and her parents. The service was very friendly and helpful with breaking down the menu for those not familiar with French food. Though despite being a fancy looking place our bread basket came out with mainly toast and jam which kind of took away from the experience being that I expected Croissants and more/a better baguette. It's rare for me to critique the starter and apologize if I come off pretentious but I was not impressed. My girlfriend had the Spinach & Artichoke Crepe which looks great. Despite ordering it easy on the fondue both My Girlfriend and her mom felt it was still too cheesy and not leaving you desired to have more. My Girlfriends father ordered with Fish & Chips which should be an easy mark to hit but after trying it we all agreed it was very bland. I however lucked out with my meal when I ordered the Eggs Benedict with Smoked Salmon. The eggs were done perfect and served on a nice durable English Muffin. Usually places put too much or too little Hollandaise sauce, but not only did they put the right amount but the sauce it self was very well balanced. It wasn't too sweet at all yet full of flavor which I find rare. Of course the Smoked Salmon only helped being that it was a nicely prepared portion leaving a light spice and an amazing taste in my mouth (The seasoned potatoes served with it weren't bad either). Unfortunately it seems the dished are a bit hit and miss but I give it 3 stars for the Service, Location, and the strength of my dish in particular.
4_star After wandering around Caesar's Palace for a while trying to find Mesa Grill, I asked an employee, who sent me in the opposite direction of the restaurant. Then I asked another employee, who had me turn right, when it should have been left. The THIRD employee finally gave me accurate directions. And, of course, this meant a lot of walking through the smoke-filled (cough, hack, wheeze) casino. Ugh! (Pro tip: If you want to get to Mesa Grill without inhaling too much cigarette smoke, enter Caesar's Palace from the front rather than the parking garage in the back.) Fortunately, once we found the place, the hostess helpfully seated us as far away as she could from the smoke of the casino. Our waiter was also very helpful. My wife has a low tolerance for spicy heat, and he was able to help her find an entree that wouldn't be to spicy for her, the Blue Corn Crusted Halibut, but leaving out the jalepenos that are normally part of the dish. When she tried to order the Plantain Tamale as a side dish, he sadly shook his head and said "You don't want that." (It sounds rude written out like that, but it really wasn't.) At first, we thought he was joking, but then he explained that it was too dry. He recommended a corn-based side dish instead, which she was very happy with. I, on the other hand, was looking for some spice, and was very happy with the New Mexican Pork Tenderloin, with an Anaheim Chile Relleno on the side. The pork tenderloin also came with a sweet potato tamale that my wife gleefully stole. An unexpected benefit of where we were seated was a good view of the kitchen. We particularly enjoyed watching the woman in charge of keeping the steady stream of dishes from different orders organized.
5_star I had to bartend down the street at The Lava Lounge on Friday night for state wrestling and stopped in for a sandwich. The place is bright and very clean. I was greeted immediately and ordered...The sandwich was awesome! The cereal bar snack was delightful! I never write yelp reviews and I felt compelled to because these guys have it figured out!! The staff was super friendly! I will tell everyone I know!! Five Stars!!
4_star Very friendly staff, Heather was awesome and the owner, Dave, came out and visited. We were driving through Phoenix on our way back to Tucson from Sedona and the Grand Canyon and was looking for a place to stop on the north side to let the work traffic thin and found Caps on Yelp. The boneless mild wings were delicious. We had several salads and they were huge! Several ordered steaks and were pleased. Mom loved the grilled veggies and bonus was ladies night with $3.50 margaritas, Mai Tais and martinis! Glad we found it! Thanks Dave!
4_star This place has fairly good burgers - certainly as good as any of the trendy new burger joint du jour that seem to be popping up in every neighbourhood lately. The real standout item here is the onion rings - probably the best I've ever had.
3_star The food is good, but little things like charging an extra $4 for a TINY side plate of extra beans and rice when we ordered two starters, two mains, drinks and dessert, is small-minded. Having said that - we enjoyed our meal; the ingredients are fresh and the mains portions are generous.
4_star This place has changed over the last couple of years. Initially, I was unimpressed. We went last night and things have changed. Particularly: 1. Great Service - the waiter, bus staff, manager were all very, very attentive. In fact, the busser actually grabbed a diaper-bag that a new mother had left in a chair (post meal).. and sprinted to the parking lot to make sure the family received it. Above and beyond. 2. Menu Chang - the menu is much better than when it first started. The food is good.. not great.. but a good place to go get a meal with your family. (Still a bit "heavy"). Our favorite family "chain" restaurant for American cuisine is Red-Robin. This is now our favorite family "local" restaurant for American cuisine.
2_star I've had waaaay better sandwiches. It's perfect for the late night "smokers" that don't care about what the food taste like as it is shoveled into their face eyes closed.
1_star This place has the worst food on the planet. Take this as an indicator: the chips and salsa were horrible, the drinks were flat, and there was a blatant typo on the menu. Don't waste your time or money.
1_star Ok where do I start. Every time I go in here they ALWAYS get my order wrong. And you'd think by now I'd understand. But I have hope and I tell myself you know what this time I know they won't disappoint me. But here I am getting disappointed. When I order my $10 Mexican Chicken Cesar salad I ask for and extra side dressing and croutons. Sometimes they don't have any croutons which to me doesn't make sense. Like how are you not going to have croutons for a chicken Cesar salad. Anyways then I ask for an extra Cesar dressing there's times where they charge me for it and never put it in the bag. Then there's times where they they give me ANOTHER DRESSING like ranch (I would eat it with ranch. But I dislike ranch). Then they always take forever for the simplest things. And I would understand if the place was annoyingly busy ok I get it. But sometimes there's no one in there. I love this place but for a small $10 Mexican chicken Cesar salad you expect to have everything in the bag before you leave.
4_star Meat portions were a tad on the small side but all and all we enjoyed it. Staff was super friendly and the place was clean! We are definately putting this on the list for dinner outtings. And theres options for kids! Cant wait to come back and try something else.
2_star My family and I ate there around 7:45pm on a Tuesday night (not too late) and there were about 5 or 6 other tables sitting when we arrived. The service was ok at first but towards the end it definitely fell off. Usually they give you bread but we had to ask for it and once people began to leave we were the only one's there and you could tell the staff wanted us to leave (very awkward). The food was ok but not worth what we paid and definitely not worth the overall experience. Many other great options in the South End area so I don't think we will be going back any time soon.
4_star With the proliferation of westernized Japanese fast food all over Toronto, it's hard to not dismiss square fish as a novelty. But you will be wise to give this small restaurant a try. My friends and I tried the square sushi, unagi bowl and I had the doshi. The square sushi is a little on the pricey side at $12. Flavors are light and the rice is soft and fluffy. If you're not a fan of lightly seasoned food you may not like this place. With that in mind I wouldn't recommend this dish or get it again. The small unagi bowl and doshi however are a must try. If you enjoy poke bowls, think of the unagi bowl as a more Japanese variation. The bowl has the same soft rice as the sushi with unagi of course. You also get a healthy dose of edamame, seaweed, lettuce and ginger. I may have missed some ingredients but I think you get the point. More Japanese style sides are added to the bowl. I'm not sure if you can yocustomize it, but a small bowl will set you back $8 and will definitely fill you. Now the doshi. Clearly I saved the best for last. When I saw it, I thought really donut sushi ? First burrito and now donut? This is just another novelty that will die. But it's the most interesting looking thing and only one way to find it. It was incredible. I got the salmon doshi,l coming in at $9 the salmon sits on top with the avocado giving this a very distinct look. Smart move to put the salmon on top and not a "bun". Inside you get your veggies, seaweed, letttuce, cucumber, corn and small salmon patty. At the bottom the bun you get is fried with rice and a bit of cheese inside. The suttle flavors work well together in giving it a Japanese experience in the form of a donut. Square fish has done a great job in capturing the essence behind a Japanese dish in a westernized form. The place is a bit small. But the staff is friendly and the place is very clean. On top of that the service is really quick, living up to the fast food culture. TL;DR If you're unsure if you want to try a sushi burrito or sick of that whole trend, I highly recommend you come to square fish and give the doshi a try.
4_star The pizza here is pretty good. The wings were decent. The pricing wasn't too bad, $5 for a huge slice and a beverage. The service was adequate, friendly and quick enough. The inside section is tiny and can get cramped pretty quickly.
3_star Good size portions! Not as good as when they were smaller. Service can be slow. Very greasy. But great atmosphere. Just think they have grown too fast.
3_star It's an all you can eat sushi bar with an interesting marry go round of sushi available if you get the all you can eat. It's decent quality, for the price. The environment is nice, very spacious and fancy. I would recommend this restaurant for those looking for sushi in downtown mtl
3_star Restaurant used to be better. Was in last week (end Feb-08) and the waiter we had just sucked. The food took almost an hour to get to the table (it was an easy order). At least it was decent when it got there. Otherwise, good location, nice decor, great potential. How hard is it to hire decent wait staff?! There's one or two waiter(ess) that are great, and the others just suck. The guy we had last seemed like he just got out of rehab. I think he still had the shakes. When I asked about a dish he said "so what about it". Well geeze dum-F, you tell me. That's why I'm asking. Also seems like a lot of the bar-losers crowd anymore too. If that's what your into. Sometimes a couple cougars. Mostly old sausage factory tho. Thank goodness it's smoke-free in Ohio anymore. Otherwise the place would be a write-off.
2_star The dinner buffet was disappointing. The meats at the carving station were okay, the sushi was sparse, and empty most of the time. Fried chicken was cold. We dined at 5pm and was expecting way more food.The selection was surprisingly small, not what you would expect for a high-end buffet. Definitely better off going to Bellagio or Caesars
1_star Horrible customer service! The younger guys have some major attitude - like they are doing you a favor. Doesn't make sense when there is Papa Murphy's south across the street and Nick's Deli & Pizza west across the street. I spent my $40 at Nick's and they were nice to me! Learn some manners!!!!
5_star There is not a cleaner and healthier burger place on this planet, this guys are so busy that they are constantly rushing and when you talk to them it's like being in a fine dining restaurant, how do they do it, wow, anyway very polite and they do everything to make this an memorable experience. I love in and out burgers, that is the only place I could eat a burger and say wow.
5_star When it comes to the food, that place is simply phenomenal. Simple menu and everything I had was simply delicious. That lamb pasta I had during Winterlicious was one of the best pasta dish I had in years and I came back a second the same week for that same dish. The seasoning on my octopus appetizer was to the point; it was spicy and the the orzo brought the perfect amount of umami to my meal. The dessert and appetizers were also very well made and portioned. The space is industrial and lofty. Great for events but if you are looking for intimacy, It might not be the best venue. I am curious to know where that chef learned to cook like this. His recipes are inspired and simply delicious. The place is often reserved for event, call first to see if they are open to the public.
1_star I gave my parents a Groupon to Americano for my Mother's 83rd Birthday. I use to live in Bratenahl and thought this would be a special way for them to celebrate. I now live out of state. They celebrated on Friday night and here is their review of Ameicano. I am embarrassed that this was the dining experience I gave them for this special occasion. It was memorable - all for the wrong reasons. My parents had a terrible experience at this restaurant on August 20th. They reported that the setting and gardens are lovely. They were slightly disappointed that they did not receive a window table as requested. They were served nicely prepared cocktails and appetizers were brought promptly to the table. They ordered their entrees at 7:50 pm. They both ordered the duck. Then the waiting started ........ they waited and waited. People were seated after them received their entrees while my parents kept waiting. A little before 9 pm a waiter - not the one that took their dinner order - asked if they wanted to order dessert. They told the waiter that they preferred to have their entrées first. The waiter seemed surprised and said he would check but never apologized. People who were seated near my parents, inquired on their way out of the restaurant, about what they ordered that they were waiting so long for their food. During the wait their water glasses were not refilled and no came to their table. They said that there were a number of servers and other attendants buzzing around the dining room. Their entrees were served at 9:15. The Duck was presented with sweet potatoes and carrots. The disappointment continued, the duck tasted like a prepared frozen food that had been re-warmed! The maitre'd asked my Dad, "Are you enjoying your evening?" Always the gentleman my dad responded, "I rather not answer ". It was very disappointing dinner experience and not what I had planned for Mom's birthday. I can understand a bad night in the kitchen or in the dining room. I cannot accepted my parents waiting for nearly 90-minutes for their dinners or being ignored, water glasses not being refilled, and no apologies extended. My Yelp recommendation to Clevelanders and tourists is to avoid the Americano and celebrate and dine somewhere that takes more pride in their entrees and service.
2_star SLOW SLOW SLOW!!! I'm a vegetarian but was the driver for my group of friends. I didn't' mind that there were only a few side dishes that I could order. But, I ordered fries and it took 25 mins for them to have them ready for me. My friends enjoyed their chicken but we were all upset about the 25 min wait at a "fast food" restaurant.
4_star Very generous meal before my flight. Pretty good, prepared on site, actually fresh and quite solid. Very impressed... Very much not "airport food."
5_star A great place to take your family for a healthier meal. Lots of fresh salads, soups, breads, and muffins. Something for everybody. Our finicky kids really enjoyed this restaurant and we will be back!
2_star We came here on a recommendation from a friend, it was close to my parent's house so we didn't have to travel very far, and we didn't want to wait very long to be seated. In the beginning service was slow. They had a party of 12 that was here before us but they were getting dessert after we sat down for about 10 minutes. Seemed like they were more attentive after I whipped out my yelp coupon for free draft beer for checking in. It Nigiri definitely has way too much rice on it. The fish was pretty fresh but sliced so paper thin I could see through it. Almost like they were trying to ration their fish. When the server delivered our combo tempura a freaking ant came with it!!! They don't do half rolls unless it's your very last roll. The rolls are the standard portion of rice but some looked scaled down. In the end the menu is pretty large with a lot of variety just don't expect large portions. Would I come back? Probably not due to the traveling distance.
3_star Cheese and pepperoni ok. Sauce was excellent, cheese ok not good or horrible. Crust ok. Had 2 wall of fame pizza. Potato and flame thrower both horrible. "Homemade" cola products out of fountain really good. Sauce -excellent Cheese- so/so Crust- ok Not crazy expensive, ok value
1_star Bathrooms were very dirty and toilets were all clogged. Buffets items had lots of deep fried very oily choices. Butter chicken was pretty tasty until I noticed a COCKROACH on my plate. I nearly "Ralphed" right there in the restaurant. I asked the waiter for the Bill not sure how to even describe the event without wanting to hack. The waiter was confused to why we wanted to leave so quickly with our plates full of food. My husband politely said we kinda lost our appetite because we found a bug in our food. The waiter apologized and took our plates and went to the kitchen. He can back saying that 2 days ago the fumigated for roaches and that possibly one could have fallen in that was dead already. He also said that he wasn't going to charge us. He apologized again and we left. All the servers were super friendly, kind and understanding. I even feel bad about writing this review. Although I thought I still should... I think they need to close down and ensure the kitchen is up to code before re-opening.
4_star Good atmosphere Very well lit with tasteful decor Cheap food Vegetarian friendly We had the veggie burrito which had potato, beans, grilled veggies and maybe cheese. It was very good though. Out whole meal with one burrito and chips and guacamole was about 7.50 which is better than chipotle and you don't need to get chipotlaway (southpark reference). The Guac was good and creamy and had a good flavor. The burrito was big enough to feed us both with the chips. I would definitely go back.
3_star Safe bet for a cheap buffet . Nothing blew me away but the price is right. Nice service and cool fish tank.
1_star Mushrooms on the pizza was so burned. It turned off my appetite. I mentioned to the waitress and all she said was " oh, really? " not even a sorry. That pizza ruined my last meal of vacation in Phoenix.
3_star I'm HUGE on service, having said that, if your product/ food is delightful, but your service distasteful, it will without a doubt translate onto the plate you serve me. These are some of the most doleful looking waiters I've ever met. They genuinely look and act as though you are a telemarketer they want to brush off as quickly as possible. No, like I literally mean they MARATHON away from you as quickly as possible, as if to avoid communication and questions. (What the hell service is that?) Aside from the servers, this place is great (for the food). The kitchen seems to be trying to make up for the blues permeating in the dining room. Rich quality in the dishes, the freshness and flavours are satisfying by anyone's standards. The Caesar salad was scrumptious! There was not an unturned, underdressed piece of perfectly bite-sized piece of romaine lettuce in my bowl. Creamy as it gets, they are not sparse with that dressing. The pasta is so fresh, and so nice. Perfectly cooked each time. Perfectly seasoned too. MmMmmmMmmmm! Note: Their lasagna was not that great...don't order it. Do yourself a favor and order one of their special pasta dishes.
4_star The burgers are far superior to other burger joints around. The standard cheeseburger with extra grilled onions is what I ordered. Very tasty- tastes like a burger that you could get at a great family BBQ. I ordered fries with my burger. They are just ok. I think I'll give the onion rings a shot next time. The service was very friendly. All the staff seemed to be having a good time at work. I liked this upbeat atmosphere. I'm a fan of Habit.
4_star Honestly, I am not much of a taco person because it usually upsets my stomach. My cousin kept insisting that if I go to tacos 101. She loves tacos and insists that this place is one of the best taco places in Toronto. So I did eventually go with her and I tried the fish taco. It was excellent. The portion size they gave me was huge so had to take the rest home with me and eat the rest for dinner. We did actually find a seat which was supposedly rare in a small place like this. My only thing is I do not like taking food on the go as I enjoy sitting and eating my meal while it is hot and fresh. So if you are trying to find a spot to eat when it is busy it will be difficult. So have it in mind that it may be a food to go item.
4_star Good food, great service. Husband and I ordered the chicken with mac and cheese and the gyro gnocchi dish. They were both very good. I thought the mac and cheese could have been creamier and needed a little salt, but husband thought I was crazy. Also thought the lamb in the gnocchi dish was a little dry... husband also thought I was crazy about this. We polished off our gluttony with the deep fried brownie. It was good, but I wish we had gotten then brie ice cream with apple fritters. Wine and beer selection was good. We don't get to eat out often and I'm glad we chose this place!
4_star We always love our Italian food so I couldn't resist checking out this place when we were inside Wynn checking out the casino. It was a great find and the decor inside was executed perfectly! The staff we really quick to serve us and the meals came out really quick. We had asked for a white sauce instead of the tomato for one of our meals which they got wrong but were very apologetic and came out just as quick with another one for us. All up a great meal and find in such a great casino.
3_star One of the better Mexican restaurants in town but service was a little slow. Reasonably priced and server was knowledgeable about the menu.
5_star Good food and a great atmosphere... As soon as we came in we were greeted and brought our drinks... We ordered bruschetta as a appetizer and it was brought out fast and was delicious
1_star Sorry but today I thought I give them another chance since they moved but the food was such a dispoitment, burritos was cold, my sopia was not cook, I ordered I extra one didn't get it didn't care. Only good thing was my Stella. Never again to bad old place was so good Carne Adovada not the same to bad.
3_star Pho is ok..the meat is very tough. I didn't care for the place, kind of dirty my opinion. I would give the place a 4 stars if the staff was friendly and the place was clean. I won't go back.
5_star Yes. Yes. Yes. Anybody who does not give this restaurant a 5 is a food critic who's just trying to take down one of the best taco shops in America! We were so excited when this place moved over to the west side closer to our house. Try to quesadillas and the horchata.
3_star Kinda pricey, but delivers on par korean food. I had dolsot bibimbap and pajeon. The bbb was okay, but the red pepper paste was missing something. The pajeon portion is probably meant for four people so I took that home. It was tasty, a little doughy compared to traditional pajeon. All in all satisfactory, as the ambiance and booths provide a lot of privacy and that's a bonus for a hot date!
1_star THE STAFF HAS NO SENSE OF URGENCY. MANAGEMENT IS UNHELPFUL , RUDE AND LIES IN YOUR FACE. We went for breakfast and waited in line for almost 40 mins to pay. After we paid the cashier warned us that they will switch to lunch dishes at 10.45 am. We waited another 7-8 mins to get a table. And when we walked in at 10.42 am most of the dishes were switched to lunch already and omelet station was closed as well. When we spoke to manager a guy name JEREMY told us that omelet station closed at 10.45 am which was a lie. Said that we were freaking out about just an omelet and told us either to eat lunch or leave. Not kind of answer that you give to regular customers that were waiting to eat breakfast for almost an hour. And definitely not a proper level of hospitality for establishment in VEGAS.
2_star I've been going to Panera for their salads pretty much since they opened and I've been to Panera's all over the country, however I had a unique experience last night which was the first time I've ever been to this Panera. I ordered the Southwest Chile Lime Ranch Salad with Chicken except when I got it home I discovered it had no chicken. There was romaine lettuce- lots of romaine, no arugula, no corn blend, no quinoa. There was some tomato. Not certain the cilantro was in there but there was quite a bit of feta-and no avocado. It tasted good, but 3 ingredients-really? At Panera? Is this some kind of a joke? I'm going to give them one more chance and eat the salad there rather than take out and if basically the majority of the salad is missing I'd like to know why and will ask for my money to be returned. I would have given it 1 star but I liked the dressing and I was really hungry. Buyer beware.
2_star Way over priced for what it is. This place is a classic example of "great branding". Decor was sharp and well themed. Clean blue tiles, egg shaped lighting etc. But then you look at the food options and the prices and it's just so boring. You can have eggs, eggs, eggs or eggs. With a side of eggs. Cmon...give me one of those big plate options with bacon and/or sausage home fries, toast. And it shouldn't be $14 either. I'll stick to better prices, wider selections, and less "selling the sizzle, not the steak"
2_star Under new management and it's worse. Foods the same but prices are up and service is down. Unfortunate because I used to really enjoy this place.
2_star Ate here on a Saturday night after being away for 10 years or so. Good: friendly, efficient wait staff. Bad: food kinda mediocre. A plate of strudel-like things at the salad bar had three or four nasty long black hairs strewn across the food. Will skip it for another ten years.
4_star The service was very good. The have a bar with 3 TVs and my lychee drink was very good as were the fresh summer rolls. My noodle dish was good, but I got a 2 out of 5 on the spice level and absolutely could have handled a 3. It was good by all means though I think the flavors are a bit more bold at Thai Spoon. My husband had the pumpkin curry and again it was good through the one at Nicki's Thai Kitchen is a bit better. It was not very busy but there was a lot of take out orders. I would go again, it would be a great place to watch a game and have some Thai food but it's not the best Thai I've ever had but it certainly was good. I do prefer the food down the road at Thai Spoon, but this place has a full bar and you're not crowded against the next table like you are at Thai Spoon.
2_star This place was the one really dependable dim sum house in the city for many years. Family and friends used to eat here quite often both dine in and take out. The food was fair tasting and service was fine if you don't arrive during the peak times. Every changed a number of years back on one particular occasion when we saw the waitress wipe the dirt off her shoes and then wiped the table with the same cloth. Without trying to stereotype, she was one of those recent immigrants from my home land where such practices are likely normal. So it came down to two choices here: ignore the fact that these things probably happen at most restaurants and we just don't see them (especially the kitchen) and continue coming here to eat or stop coming cos I can't seem to get that image out of my head. I choose the latter. Without getting into too much detail, I'll just say eat here if you can block out what I just told you here or bring your own table cleaning cloth and wipe all your utensils before eating. I'm not sure if she still works there but I'm not taking any chances. I prefer other finer/cleaner establishments regardless of the price. 3 stars here for the food, price, service and one star for cleanliness.
4_star Walked by this joint a couple of times and on the 3rd day decided to go in for breakfast. They claim to have the best pancake in America, well, it's really good! Everything else was average but those pancakes man!
3_star The service is good, the food was properly prepared,the place is clean, the menu just doesn't do it for me. I just can't find anything I love it's ok just my personal taste runs a bit different than the typical chain restaurants...if you are ok with chain restaurants this one is top notch.
2_star I ate here recently and was fairly underwhelmed. I had the black bean quesadilla with pineapple. It was bland and not very flavorful. I could have gotten a better quesadilla at mad mex. I was disappointed, as others have raved about this place. Even the guacamole appetizer was a bit bland.
1_star I love burgers. I had heard talk of Hero's so was looking forward to trying it out. I'm a little confused by the 'gourmet' burger description. These burgers are lower than your typical fast food burgers. If I'm going to have a fast food burger I will go to Harvey's, McD's, Burger King any day but I will never again eat this crap.
3_star Overall: Very Good Food @ a Reasonable Price vs. Terrible Customer Service and Other Details - My wife and I both got frield flounder filet with calabash shrimp (aka popcorn shrimp). She got a baked sweet potato and I got onion rings. - The kids got a large actually grilled grilled cheese sandwich and about two flounder filets, fries and drink. (Sub for fries and non-fountain drinks would be extra.) - We went on a Thursday when they offer kids eat free with an adult purchase. Pros: - The food--kids food & our entrees--was very good. - The price was very reasonable & even better when you consider the kids eat free night. The entrees were $7.99 each for the fish, shrimp, side, & salad bar. - Place seemed nice overall. - Hot, fresh hushpuppies to the table like some restaurants bring out bread before you place your order. Cons: - This was Thursday, but we had to wait at least 5 minutes--with no one ahead of us--for the hostess to appear from the back of the restaurant to seat us. We started reading the menu while we waited. - The large flat-screen TV was facing our small children and tuned to a "Crime Investigation" channel. The program on was "Deadly Women" or something like that. It showed lots of very interesting crime scene pictures and recreations that captivated our small children--much to our dismay. When we asked our server if they could change the channel it took them quite a while to return with the remote as the show continued its gruesome and salacious programming. We finally had to swap seats with our kids as our distraction games didn't work. The audio was still tough to ignore. - Our server was nice and competent. We just didn't see her that often. - The salad bar was included with our entrees. After visiting it, I can see that it's not exactly the crowning jewel of their establishment. Perfunctory, at best. - Had to wait a bit for the hostess for check out only to discover that the kids' meals weren't adjusted correctly and had to be fixed. Further adding to our wait. Final Thoughts: - We might return for a take-out order, but we probably wouldn't return for a sit-down visit. - But since most places don't do "kids eat free" specials with take out, we won't likely bother. - Lots of other places to spend our money. - The quality of the food alone vaulted this rating to the 3 star level.
4_star My husband and I tried Chart House during AZ Restaurant Week. The atmosphere is obviously incredible with the view of the lake, golf course with tall palm trees, and Camelback Mountain. We really enjoyed the spinach and artichoke dip for an appetizer (but not the beef carpaccio as much). We also felt the black and blue salmon was excellent! The coconut crunchy shrimp was very good, but not too much different from other coconut shrimp we've had. The mud pie dessert was also very good! Our server was very good, but there was a point in time where our drinks were empty for a few minutes....not much time, but still, I always feel like a drink should never sit empty for any amount of time. My water also didn't get filled until right before we were about to leave. But overall, we still very much enjoyed our meal and our server was very friendly and mostly attentive. We plan to definitely come back to try their happy hour as the bar area looked very nice and inviting.
2_star The food is not the greatest and they really need quality training in customer service! I found hair in my food and when I called to report it for a refund, I was asked how long the hair was! And then I was told I will not be given a full refund...I will not be returning!
3_star You can't go wrong with pub food at a pub. We got the jake's platter and everything was great. Not over fried, perfect crisped, and better than expected. Service was decent and attentive, they helped recommend drinks for my wife which helped the experience. She had a Blue Hawaiian which was ok, not overly strong. Needed more alcohol. Overall I was happy and will definitely return for the great neighbourhood patio experience.
2_star Service is horrible! Ramen (well, the garlic soup) is great, but I wouldn't go there again and wait in line for an hour and a half for a bowl of their noodles with a side of bad service.
2_star Didn't impress me at all. The atmosphere was nicer compared to frankies plus it wasn't as noisy as frankies and the food was a tad bit better...but still. The only thing I was impressed was that there were a lot more vegetarian options and it was a tad bit cheaper. Overall, I wouldn't go here again. I'd rather spend my money elsewhere.
3_star Mushroom salad and sweetbreads were my favourite. Along with the deserts! Mushroom salad had a nice tangy dijon mustard buttery dressing on it and sweetbreads are just my favourite thing so it's hard to go wrong. Their pouding chomeur? is really good and reminds me of the cake at bar isabel - so yummy! I would rate this place a 3.5
5_star Great drink specials and food! Service is outstanding too! Love Ashley, Bailley, and Kalie! They always take care of us!
3_star I typically love Oregano's, but I like the one my fiancé and I go to in Tucson. This one did not impress me at all. Our waiter was a little too pushy when it came to adding things onto our meal for an extra charge... We both ordered the Pasta Basta and I didn't want any meat on mine (I have a mainly vegetarian diet). After pushing me to order some meat, he made a snarky comment about me not eating any protein. Also, there was a waitress there who was serving the table next to us. She was wearing extremely short shorts, to the point where I lost my appetite. Is there no dress code for the employees here? Overall, the food was good. First time trying the garlic bread and we ordered it with cheese... It was fantastic!
1_star I am from Venezuela. I went to this place 2 weeks ago and I really had a nice time. I tried to go again tonight and they didn't let me go in because I didn't have a Canadian ID or my passport. I was rejected because I didn't have a Canadian ID, when I am 27 year old! I think this is very discriminating and even more when they are supposed to be a LATIN club! We tried to talk to the manager and they he insulted us! And the bouncer call our friend "maldita puta" the ones that understand Spanish know what that means!
4_star At first glance of this place I had high hopes. Nice enough decor, nothing fancy. The menu alone is quite extensive, comparable only to another mile high menu Ikes out of Tempe. After deliberating over 100+ sandwiches, ordered the 'Hat Trick'. To my surprise, was perfect. Was almost like a Alfredo pasta squaw with chicken toasted bread. Where to go wrong? The only reason I can't give it a 5 stars, it appeared understaffed & just a few minor details that matter. Plus $14 & some change is a little much for a young man like myself. I do appreciate a good meal so,I came through for a new place. So with that, I can only hope to come back and be impressed once again. Who can say? I'm hoping for another well done sandwich.
3_star Let me just start off by saying I'm not a vegetarian and so may review may not pertain to everyone. I went in thinking that it would be a good healthy place to go. The environment was really chill and I loved the garden place. I looked at the menu and decided on a dragon mint twist and Thai wrap. I had actually had a great vegan burrito before so I assumed the wrap would be up to standards. When I got it I just kind of looked at it and thought I could have made this at home. Later, when I went home with the wrap my Grandma asked why I would buy a spring roll. Being from an Asian family I commonly make spring rolls and that's pretty much what the wrap was. Except with less flavor and sadly no meat. I guess it had better ingredients than a regular spring roll but I would have rather gone to a pho house and eaten something bigger and cheaper. The smoothie was okay in flavor but I wasn't really into how chunky it was. I'm kind of sure the chunkiness was on purpose. I didn't really like the mint leaves, lime rinds, and other unknown chunks. Overall, I don't think I would go back and the place just wasn't for me. Though I'm sure vegetarians would probably have a different opinion.
3_star Well, I'm glad I was hungry when I got here. Nothing was bad, per se, but not a lot was great. My comparisons in terms of big-time buffets are the ones at the Grand Hyatt and Coex Intercontinental in Seoul. To start off with, even though we didn't really have a problem ourselves, the service seemed a bit spotty, with neighboring buffet-goers having great difficulty locating/flagging down anyone to take drink orders or bring back drinks that had been ordered some time ago. It seemed that there weren't enough servers, which is either an oversight or just plain not caring on the part of the management (I spied a self-important type in a suit walking around with an earpiece, seemingly oblivious to customer complaints). There was enough variety...seafood, Asian, Italian, American, etc. I actually thought the American dishes fared the best, such as the baby beets and prime rib. And maybe it's my sweet tooth, but dessert wasn't too bad, either. I enjoyed the shot glass-like portions of tiramusi and other desserts whose names I can't remember now. I'll check out another place next time I'm in town.
2_star Fried rice was okay, postickers were good. Their general tso's was not even remotely spicey. Was not at all impressed.
5_star Awesome happy hour, very well crafted drinks, love the old fashion and Juan is my favorite bar tender!! pork belly sliders are delish as are the shishito peppers. :) great atmosphere.
1_star Couldn't find our waitress. When she finally showed up, she rudely did not serve everybody at the table. The bartender served us. I demanded the check, but the waitress decided to ignore us. I asked to speak with the manager. The manager did not introduce herself as the manager, offered to help, but instead of helping me to pay the check just walked away presumably to look for the waitress who was the origin of the problem. Obviously lacked authority. I paid through the batrender. I spoke with another manager who said he wanted to help but couldn't since I hadn't paid by credit card. If you go here, eat at the bar. Everybody else is an idiot.
1_star Went into this taco place awhile back because of the Yelp reviews. I was very excited to try it out. Went in and the employees were friendly. Customer service is there. That all went away while waiting an hour plus for my order and being told that it took that long because they had a phone order. And having customers who ordered after me get their food before me. I honestly think they forgot my order and tried to cover it up by saying it took that long because of a phone order. Food was ok. Same as all the other cheap Mexican places. The wait ruined my experience.
3_star We went for the Sunday Brunch, which was just ok. It's about $30/person for the brunch, which I think is fair since it is a buffet and the spread is pretty impressive. They have everything from a doughnut machine, to omelets, to lunch food and desserts. BUT, the food just tastes mediocre, so I personally would rather eat less food, that tastes much better. The building itself is interesting, so that's really the only reason I would recommend going. The main seating area is very...GRAND haha hence the name, and the side railhouse seating is also really nice and has large windows for a nice view of Pittsburgh.
1_star Must be honest, after years of running restaurants and eating in a variety of them, the world over, this was by far the worst experience I have ever had. We had to wipe down or own table on the patio, the service incredibly slow, the waitress complacent and finally I had to get up to get our cutlery. Wow! It takes a lot to shake me up, but it was an upsetting experience. Even my children noticed. And all this on a quiet eve in the restaurant. I will not return. I've never written a negative review, but feel folks should know before making this choice.
3_star My husband and I have been wanting to try this place out as we don't eat gluten or dairy and they offer gf pizza & vegan cheese, which we are thrilled about! We ordered a pizza and wings and I will say that we both agreed they tasted great- no complaints there. However, there were 2 big issues we had with our experience: 1) They only offer 1 size of gf pizza; for an average pizza place this might be understandable but when at least 1/2 of your advertising efforts are put toward claiming to be "allergen friendly pizza place"- it should be expected that you offer more than one size pizza as my husband and I splitting 4 slices was pretty disappointing...so why didn't we order a 2nd pizza? Well, that leads me to the 2nd issue- the price...$24 for a small pizza (4 small slices) and 6 wings is MUCH MORE than a little on the pricey side. Again, while the food was good, with all the GF options coming available now, we will spend less $ getting more pizza elsewhere. Please lower your prices & offer more than on sized pizza Mandy's because we'd really like to come back!
5_star Very good! Staff is friendly and the food is wonderful! We have gotten the gyro sandwich and the chicken alfredo and my kids are hooked.
5_star We made reservations for my friend's Bachelorette event & they gave us extra special treatment. The view of the strip was spectacular. We arrived when the sun was going down so we saw the strip during the day & the evening & both views were wonderful. The service was more than incredible. We felt like rich people being serviced. It was an incredible experience! They provided us with sample food & we ordered an appetizer before our main course. It was plenty of food, all of it more than gourmet. It was exceptional. The whole experience was just amazing & I highly recommend this place again & again.
5_star This place is a major win. The place is very clean. The staff is very friendly. The cook came over to ask if all was well. I really recommend this place for some good pizza. I think the secret is in the sauce.
2_star Green Lemon Grass is located in Richlane Mall, where they have served the Richmond Hill neighbourhood for over a decade. This restaurant is like a busy bee, tables always full, continuous short lineups and fast service. In other words, table turnover rates, on average, are high. The menu is based on comfort foods of noodles, curry, roti, rice and soups. Do not expect fine dining here. They built their reputation for fast convenient meals (fast food like). BBQ Chicken & Spring Roll Vermicelli ($7.75) was a mixture of grilled chicken, fried spring rolls, topped with peanuts, carrots, cucumbers, shredded lettuce and mixed with fish sauce. Served dry and warm, it was quite appetizing with the tangy fish sauce. The chicken was over-grilled and very dry; rubber-like texture. The spring roll was also over- fried, where parts of the wrapper was burnt; however, was crunchy. But burnt food can cause cancer. Small Rare Beef Noodle Soup ($6.75) has bean sprouts, slices of beef and garnished with green onion and a sprig of mint leaves. The beef was thinly sliced and lightly cooked; therefore, the texture was well maintained and easily absorbed the soup base. It had a very standard pho soup base, therefore tasted consistent with my perception of pho. I found both noodles were extremely salty and had too much MSG to it. Water was being chugged down the throats for the rest of the afternoon and evening. For the speedy service, convenience of meals, on a tight schedule, does not hurt to go. But if you are looking for an enjoyable, savory meal, then this restaurant is not what you are looking for.
3_star Been here twice for dinner. Food is always hot. Despite the fact that there is a huge line to get in which is no surprise considering it's the first one in Vegas it's worth the wait. I don't know why but I'm always a fan of crappy buffet pizza. Their garlic bread is tasty. They have your typical types of comfort foods( fried chicken, mac & cheese). The main star is their chocolate (milk & white) and caramel waterfall. Tried their white chocolate one, wasn't too impressed. Good price for dinner if you don't mind waiting.
4_star Went to this place with a group during winterlicious. It was one of the first places I tried chicken and waffles in the city. I recommend. Others at the table tried the fish and gumbo. Warm and inviting place.
2_star Been here quite a few times. Garlic sauce is really good as is the hot sauce. The quality of the chicken isn't that great sometimes. Once i found a small piece of plastic in my shawarma. Trying to convince my coworkers to try Tummy Time down the street instead.
5_star I've been coming here for the last few months and I must say the greetings are Extremely! Welcoming!...more so with Corita & Catrina know how to make a guest feel recognized, appreciated and welcomed. Bar-none my experience with Bar Louie is second to none!...HOOOORAH
4_star When my family and I were hungry we decided to go to Giada to eat. My mom watches FoodNetwork all the time for cooking inspiration and her favorite "food celebrity" is Giada. We all were happy to see her restaurant and wanted to know if this place was worthy of coming back to or not. When we came to the front desk, a hostess told us that we were able to be seated anywhere we wanted as long as it was in the lounge area of the restaurant. It was really busy and all the four person tables were taken so we settled for a seating that was meant for two people. Keep in mind that my family consisted of four people. This was the time when I started getting my hopes down. Luckily, soon enough, a waitress noticed us sitting in the cramped lounge and brought us to an actual table instead. I was so thankful! Our spot was away from the windows that overlooked the strip so I was a little bit disappointed. Little did I know that I would soon forget all about the view... Our waitress was extremely nice and her enthusiasm didn't sound forced at all like some other waitresses. We started off with an appetizer that consisted of: Mussels Chicken Marsala Meatballs Arugula salad The appetizers were very tasty but my favorite out of all of them would have to be the Arugula salad. There were a good variety of greens and the dish came with a very thin slice of cheese (I can't remember what type of cheese it was). I sort of wish that there was more cheese. The dressing was on point too! For our main course, we ordered: Whole Roasted Chicken For Two Charred Asparagus Sweet Corn The chicken was meant for two but since my family was the type who can't eat a whole plate of something without getting full, we just ordered one of those. When the chicken came in there were about four hearty pieces of chicken and this type of soup or sauce that included veggies. It was the perfect amount for us! The asparagus and the corn were side dishes and complimented the chicken nicely. By the time dessert came around, everyone was pretty full so we all shared a Soufflé. It came with a delicious scoop lemon ice cream that the waitress scooped in the soufflé before our eyes. Powdered sugar was also sprinkled on top of everything. It tasted amazing! Overall, the service was great (besides the hostess)! Everyone was really nice and gave off a "comforting aura." The food was fantastic and you can taste the quality in the dishes! I would most definitely come back when I have the chance.
4_star We love the sushi here. The fish is fresh, the service is usually quick, and you will leave very, very full. Here are the only complaints: their music (club style) is always so loud that it is hard to have a conversation; and the names of some of their sushi rolls are vulgar and distasteful. C'mon people... Remember that kids also come into your establishment!
1_star I live around the corner and have tried Kirei three times now. I really wanted to like it for convenience sake but won't be going back again. I have tried their ramen, sushi combo and sashimi tray. The ramen was ok but not very good value as they only give you 2 slices of pork. The nigiri, maki and sashimi weren't good both times that I tried it (most recently last night). The fish was not fresh at all. The salmon was very chewy (I didn't even know that was possible) as were several large chunks in the spicy tuna roll. The albacore tuna was inedible. I actually stopped eating after a couple of pieces for fear of getting sick. The ratio of fish to rice in the nigiri was not right either - too little rice and too much fish but I guess some might like that. Service was decent and decor is nice but the music they have playing in the background is terrible - think Muzak but worse. We did takeout last night just to avoid the experience. Perhaps I was unlucky with my experiences but the third time was definitely not the charm in my case!
4_star Usually when you think of a bar you think good beer and not as good food. That is because you do not go to a bar for food you go for the beer, this place you have the best of both worlds. I had the Cyclops burger (fried egg atop a big ground beef patty) I did not even have to put your typical condiments on it. Onto the more important topic, the beer. You have a vast variety of beer from all around the world including some local brewery beer. I am not one that normally will drink beer with a glass but the bartender was adamant about me using one with my beer. This place was fairly busy and the staff was nice but did not spend a lot of time with us, but everything was correct and I never sat without a beer in front of me. All in all if I found myself up in the Cleveland area again, which I am sure I will, I would defiantly stop in again
3_star It was a very nice looking place , the staff were fantastic , the food was good , however I did think for the price the food was not great. We had jalapeños on our pizza and they were pickled and the vinegar was over powering the rest of the pizza flavours. I wouldn't recommend there is better pizza cheaper.
1_star My wife and I went here last Friday night and the server knocked over a large glass of water. He did not even say he was sorry. He then did not change the table cloth but instead just tried to mop up the water. He then left us to do something else. We did not want to sit at a wet table so we moved to a different table and the server continued to ignore us. I finally got fed up and we left. I told the owner why we were leaving and he yelled at us. He has now banned me from his restaurant. My story sounds like some other similar posts.
1_star Nastiest place ever !!! Servers need to work on their hygiene . Saw our waitress cleaning a table then go straight to the kitchen and make food ! I watched her the whole time and she never once washed her hands. So gross. We will never come back to this nasty place !!!!
1_star Terribly overpriced for what you get. Ordered 2 of the dinner meat rodizio which includes 12 meats and the salad bar. We usually saw the same 4 meats and only saw a total of 7 different meats, one of which was pineapple (not a meat). The Tri tip and sirloin were both good, but the others were just ok. The salad bar was a big disappointment. Not much of a selection for a higher priced restaurant. For two of us, our bill came to $117 which includes my 20% tip. Not worth the money to eat here. We only tried it to experience a Brazilian steakhouse. Advise: if you want great meat, spend the money and go to one of the amazing steakhouses around the strip. Heritage steaks at the Mirage is amazing. (No I don't work for them)
2_star Marathon ticks many of the boxes for a Calgarian on the lookout for an Ethiopian food experience: plenty of different meat and vegetarian stews available individually or as shareable platters, an abundance of injera (spongy flatbread) that makes utensils optional, a distinctive, spicy coffee ($3/person) that follows dinner, and a sparsity of service that adds - not detracts - to the pleasant laid-back atmosphere of the restaurant. And if that's all you're looking for, Marathon will not disappoint. If you're like me, however, and expect good, African flavour for your money, I suggest you look elsewhere. The stews - I had their staple beef, chicken, lamb, and chickpea stews - are all fairly uninteresting, many of them rich in the flavour of their tomato base and little else. If it hadn't been for the somewhat smokey lamb, I'd liken the experience to eating pasta with tomato sauce at a cheap Italian chain restaurant. For what you are paying - e.g.: $18/person if you do the dinner combo platter - the serving sizes are quite small and though the injera is plentiful, it is too bland to eat on its own. It's unfortunate because there are not many options for Ethiopian/Eritrean food in the city. Perhaps the demand just isn't there. But I can't help but wonder if Marathon's lack-luster (and expensive!) execution of the genre may be partly to blame.
5_star I recently found out I'm allergic to dairy and eggs, so I was somewhat thrown into the vegan lifestyle. I had lost hope finding a restaurant where I can actually eat breakfast, but then I found this place! AMAZING! I had the biscuits and gravy with tofu scramble, and it was to die for! Come eat here...NOW!
2_star The service was good and the wine was great, but that's about it. They did make a good effort by offering to create me a vegan plate, so that's pretty much what the two stars are for. The food itself was mostly bland and uninspired. One of the mysterious veggie sides on my plate tasted really good, but it didn't make up for the plain re-hydrated shiitake mushrooms that were the mainstay of my meal. I do understand that a restaurant like this is not prepared to cater to vegans whatsoever, but as a fine dinning establishment, I do expect a higher standard for EVERYTHING that comes out of the kitchen. Kudos to our server for warning me that the fries are made with duck fat... I do think everyone else enjoyed those, but there was a mixed consensus on all of the entrees.
2_star This place is way overpriced. I ordered quesadillas it did not come with sour cream or guacamole, they charge extra for that. I asked for salsa for 4 people and the waitress comes back with a small cup of salsa. Food is very ordinary. We used to love the Tijuana Flats in Florida, this location is totally not worth it. Bye Bye Tijuana Flats, I am not coming back.
3_star Folks...lets get real. Its a chinese buffet. You get to pig out until you explode for less than 10 bucks. We all go into these places knowing its not gourmet. And we are all generally amused that they have options like pudding, enchiladas, mac n cheese and garlic bread. If your ideal evening is eating yourself into a coma and having explosive gas for about a day....Red Wok will do the trick.
1_star GROUPON SCAM PLEASE READ: UPDATE 11/9/2013 YELP deleted my photo of the container of chicken tikka masala next to a can of coke. The picture shows the size of the container, smaller than the size of a coke. This was my order, my experience so YELP is being an ass to remove my photo. On to the review: This place was a total SHAM. We bought the $25 for $12 take out Groupon. We showed up and asked for a menu (no menu from Kohinoor online, not even on their Facebook. SCAM) , they said they had no menu, WHAT? After asking a couple times the owner said to someone else "get the menu" and cocked his head. They managed to come up with a ridiculously priced menu after being there for 10 minutes. $12.99 for chicken tikka masala with no rice or naan. The Biltmore doesn't even charge these prices. We are a regular of Curry Corner literally a stones throw away and the owner starts talking crap about Curry Corner. At CC you get the tikka masala, rice AND add garlic naan for $10. Anyway you don't eat chicken tikka masala without rice or naan (and no other restaurant we have ever been to HASN'T offered it) so my husband ordered this for me (it came to $20 here!!!!!) and his Lamb Biryani ($12.99). When the food comes and the owner shows my husband the food my husband is shocked SHOCKED he is charging $12.99 for what CC charges $8, then the owner tells my husband that CC sells a smaller size, that my husband could go to CC right now if he didn't believe him. WHAT!!!! We eat there once a week! I get the same thing @ CC and we would know what size they give us! My husband is Arab and is talking to the owner who is totally swindling my husband. He gives my husband a small mango yogurt drink and then he goes on to tell us that if we stop going to CC and go to his restaurant that he would sell us the buffet for $8.99 and our kids would eat free (they are 26 months and 9 months). Then he takes my husband next door to the store to show him the halal meat (is this when they put the buffet food in the take out containers or take the buffet food to the back and make chicken tikka masala and biryani out of the buffet spread? No proof but I wouldn't doubt this). So my husband said ok, he paid for our food difference $8 and left. When we got home, his biryani was BEEF not lamb. There was no mix up, we were the only ones in the restaurant, and my husband was talking to the owner the entire time. This was a HORRIBLE Groupon experience, and a total scam, offering a take out Groupon for $12 for $25 worth of food and then offering ridiculous prices and claiming they don't have a menu. BY THE WAY they have a lunch buffet for $6.99 and dinner for $9.99 WITH CTM, samosas, rice, naan etc, so prey tell me how they are selling chicken tikka masala TO GO for $12.99 with no rice or naan? My husband threw out his biryani the beef was inedible (chewy and old, the dish was room temperature) and then he ended up eating leftover bbq pulled chicken sandwich that I made yesterday. I took pictures of my CTM and the container is smaller than the size of a can of coke. CTM was room temperature (it should have been HOT) edible, not good, but not bad but I wouldn't go back if it was even $5. In the real world we pretty much got $10 worth of food (inedible BEEF biryani) and we paid $20.
5_star Incredible hummus! I had the vegetable mantar and baklava - couldn't have been better. I travel a lot for work and LOVE Turkish and Mediterranean food... By far the best I've had. Great service and prices. One appetizer, entree and dessert was $20!
1_star I am not a resident of Tempe. While visiting family members who are, I have attempted to get in twice within a two year span. Both times I was turned away at the door. Once for wearing brand new(literally)basketball sneakers and last night for wearing camouflage cargo shorts which were also fairly new. I searched near and far on the Internet for a dress code for this establishment and all I could find was casual followed by a no dress restrictions block. It's pretty embarrassing being turned away for something I hadn't known of. I have to slam this place, being in the heart of a college campus, who would have thought this place was upscale while visibly witnessing a bunch of drunk people at the bar area from outside? I don't use this as a tool of reasoning or for any other benefit, but I am currently an active duty service member in the armed forces. I saw there is a military appreciation benefit at your Chicago location. I advise making your "at the door" dress code known before hosting this event, as many others in the service dress just as I do. I'm from around Chicago area and will be sure to let my fellow service members know what to expect at the door if they choose not to wear khakis and dress shoes at the door.
3_star Place is overrated, yes decor is cute and location is great, but food could be a little better, we had omlets and it was nothing special at all
3_star Really nice people. The food is ok. I thought it would be better. Everyone's taste in Italian food is different though
3_star I have eaten at many upscale steak houses because you pay extra for the care and concern that goes into the meal. I have eaten at the STK each trip to Vegas the last five trips. I was more than a little concerned this trip. The food was very good but I ordered my steak peppercorn crusted and after a couple of bites realized it wasn't. The waiter asked what I wanted to do about it. He said he could put it back on the broiler. After I had eaten on it? Lo and behold that is exactly what happened. The same steak came back with a mild apology. At the end of the meal, I was surprised to not have the bill adjusted in any way or to even be offered a comp of dessert. Not sure I will return when I return next month to Vegas. Lots of coetition in this field in Vegas makes it unlikely.
5_star Great beer selection, great service and a creative touch to the menu!
4_star My old boss took us out for lunch and we went to Bamboo Bistro. The ambiance is clean and casual. The food is delicious however they have a triple-layer dessert that just didn't hit the spot. Overall it was a pleasant dining experience.
2_star My boyfriend and I were having a craving for burgers and decided to give Meatheads a try as opposed to going to our regular bar for burgers. We regretted it as soon as we took the first bite. The burger here was greatly unimpressive and meat itself was mostly tasteless. I like it when I have a rich beefy taste to the burger patty, but this one did not have a trace of it. (so much for advertising the beef ... ) The burger was dripping with grease and it soaked the bun with the grease which made it soggy. Needless to say, eating became a messy ordeal. For two burgers, drinks, and fries (regular and cajun) we spent nearly $22!!! I was thinking this was gonna be the best burgers I've had, but it was a huge let down. I'm not coming back for sure. Much too expensive, burgers AND fries were subpar. Even if it was cheap, I would pay more for something that actually tastes good. At least the people were nice. Decor was very modern and clean. Oh and they had the new coke machines. But those things wouldn't be any reason why I would come again.
2_star 100% over rated. Was there last Thursday night at around 11pm. The chips/guac/salsa appetizer- disgusting! Guacamole was literally GREY(shoulda taken a pic to prove it). The cherry limeade cocktail I ordered from our server Randi prob took 15 minutes to get to me. It was tasty tho! Between the app and getting my limeade Randi had taken our dinner order. 20 mins later she returned with, "the computers went down can I get your order again?" Lol. When the burgers came out-overpriced and mediocre-and on some kind of focaccia/ciabatta bread-No Thank You! And no French fries!! They come with a salad!! Yeah when I crave a burger it usually coincides with wanting to eat healthy-Umm NO!!!! My bad though, I shoulda read the menu. So we ordered the sweet potato fries. They were decent but why cover an already sweet-sweet potato frie with Cinnamon and possibly even sugar??????? Stupid. Horrible value, bad quality, and mediocre service. STAY AWAY!!!! I guess most gays don't really know good food.
1_star Terrible. Dry corn bread. Rib tips were all fat and mushy and had no flavor. If you want bbq in this neighborhood go to john mulls roadkill grill. Trust me.
1_star We went to Farm and Craft last night for my birthday dinner, and it was the worst service we have ever had, from start to finish. The hostess ignored us, and we waited 8 minutes to be greeted by our server when we were sat. I ordered a beer, it took 10 minutes to get. We waited another 5 minutes to order, and the appetizer took 25 minutes to get, and the entrees came out a minute later. To be fair, the restaurant was very busy. But the service was terrible. We will not be back, which is a shame, because this used to be one of our favorite spots. I'm not sure what's going on with this place, it's gotten worse and worse. Do yourself a favor, and don't go here, unless you sit at the bar, and only come during the day. The dinner service is a train wreck.
2_star I'm thinking it was just an off night, but for this kind of money, off nights aren't really acceptable. First, it took forever just to get anyone to approach out table - no water, no menus, no offer of very expensive wine or drinks (and we wanted them!). Not particularly busy either, so I'm not sure what was going on. When we did get some service, we asked about wine and the waitress (although nice) didn't have much knowledge about the Pinots we asked about. Boo. Last time we dined here, the server gave us the most amazing wine experience along with the amazing meal. Moving on to the first course, my husband and I both ordered the iceberg wedge salad. Hard to go wrong with that, right? Nope. Worst part of the meal. Not only did it not have the avocado promised, but it was completely devoid of dressing. Further, the applewood smoked bacon was 100% fat and inedible. Avocado was brought out by the server's assistant, but we sort of gave up on the rest. Blech. The main dishes were excellent and well prepared, so we were all getting back to the happy spirit. Then came dessert and coffee. My husband started to order the same thing as I had (chocolate souffle) but then we agreed to get two different desserts and share them. He initially considered the banana bread pudding, then changed his mind and went with the PB & J chocolate cake since I don't like bananas. Out came the banana bread pudding, naturally. Also, the souffle is not at all rich in chocolate or the least bit memorable - definitely not worth the calories. Another member of our party had ordered coffee earlier in the meal and received a nice presentation of sugars and cream. When I later ordered decaf with the dessert and asked for cream and sugar, the server's assistant asked me if I could just use my friend's leftovers (and they were truly left over - not all that much to work with as the coffee is very strong and needs lots of both). Is it really that hard to bring a new presentation of sugar and cream with the $700 dinner? I think not. The setting, view and atmosphere are absolutely second to none, but overall, we were pretty disappointed and doubt we will go back unless we feel pretty sure this was just an off night.
4_star By far the best shawarma in town, I ordered the sandwich and it was delicious I highly recommend this place it's good fast and the staff are friendly.
1_star Chorizo hash had no visible chorizo, just occasional heat in a bite of pulled pork. So much sweet potato/yam and worse was that it was undercooked! Yuck. Waitresses discussing how to get people to eat and leave fast right beside us. Very rude and didn't make us feel welcome. A bad experience to have pleasant digestion. Won't go back. And I sought this place out as we are from out of town.
5_star Such wonderful people Very tasteful decor Wonderful food and reasonably priced Always fresh and top quality ingredients Highly recommended
3_star Came here for the steak and lobster special. There was a line for it. Waited about one hour to get in, took less than 10 minutes to finish the steak and lobster, maybe less than 10 mins. Waiter was friendly and attentive. Many come here for that. However, they'll turn people away close to 11.
4_star Great neighbourhood shwarma joint and great service. The owner really makes you feel at home. The tzatziki mix is great, especially with the potatoes.
5_star Everything about this place is AMAZING! The drinks, pizzas, and appetizers tasted great. Service was friendly and quick. The atmosphere and style of the restaurant was well designed and very comfy. Great happy hour specials too. Definitely worth eating there!
1_star Was hoping this would be a good sushi place, but was anything but good. Sushi took an hour to come out and was subpar. No refills on our water the whole time and they charged us full price for sushi that was on their happy hour menu, I guess they don't even know their own happy hours. I've been to quite a few sushi restaurants in the valley and this is by far the worst place. ?????????
2_star With half an hour to kill and a hankerin' for some greasy pizza, I walked into Metro Pizza one afternoon to grab a bite. After having a hostess ask "For you?" when I told her I was looking to get some lunch, I was seated at a table with a checkered tablecloth reminiscent of every other pizza joint I've ever been to. What wasn't familiar, though, was the bizarre decorative choices made in this restaurant, seemingly in the late 80's (which was likely also the last time they cleaned the walls). Imagine cotton-candy blue and pink pastels, and then imagine that they somehow devised a way to make these colors less vibrant. Throw in some neon tubes and a horribly-misplaced wooden wine rack for good measure, and you've got Metro Pizza. Confusing decor aside, I expected a good meal based on my experiences at the Tropicana location. An individual cheese pizza took them a satisfactory amount of time to cook and serve to me, and the staff's disposition was sufficiently cheery (though the bowtie on one of the waiters was a bit creepy). Grease dripping from the folded slice in my hand, I said a quick prayer and took a bite. When I said up top that I wanted some greasy pizza, perhaps I should have been a bit more careful what I wished for. The river that slopped out of this slice of pizza would be enough to clog the arteries of an elephant. Despite the liberal application of pizza grease to this concoction, it didn't taste bad. I likened it to a less-disgusting version of Pistol Pete's (or Chuck-E-Cheese's) pizza, which I always thought was half-decent. If you didn't stop reading my review after that last statement, thanks. I finished my pizza (which must mean it's not that bad, right?) and settled my check, then headed out the door. I left disappointed -- and wanting a shower -- not necessarily because of the food itself (which would merit three stars on its own) but more by the general nastiness and creepiness of the establishment that I had just given twelve dollars. The first thing Metro Pizza needs to do is take everything out of the place and paint the whole thing one color (and not in pastels, please). The cotton-candy walls and columns made my teeth hurt. Also, lose the neon. Nobody likes neon anymore, especially when it matches the pastel walls. Let a bit more light into the place, mop the floors and wipe down the walls every now and then, and they'll have a nicer restaurant on their hands. I can't make a better pizza so I can't tell them how to change theirs, but less gut-busting grease would be nice. If you're going to go to Metro Pizza, go to the one on Tropicana and Maryland. Let this one either realize the mistakes its making, or let it die the death it should have had years ago.
5_star This place is really in the middle of nowhere and it's too bad because I'm sure they will be out of business soon. I probably eat there at least once a week and I have yet to have a bad meal. The chipotle steak sandwich is my favorite and the people there are as friendly as they get. Hurry up and help save this place.
5_star I love this place. Always fresh food and a great place to just have a nice breakfast or brunch either alone on the patio..or at the bar with as few friends. My absolute favorite is the french toast with strawberries...yummy
2_star this place is really going down hill fast....been eating there since they opened and not only is the food now lacking but the service is just flat out bad. Called an order to go today and made 3 stops prior in about 30 minutes and still had to wait on my food. A few weeks ago they completely missed one of our dinners on a take-out order as well. Such a shame
1_star Tasteless and dry chicken. Waitress seemed like she didn't care and barely came to my table after I commented about the food. I won't be going back to this place. Food and service sucked.
4_star Definitively one of the best places in Montreal to have fresh sashimi! The chefs and part of the clientele are Japanese. I first wanted to order the tasting menu, but for $80+ per person, the 4 course menu did not appeal to me. I opted à la carte instead and ordered the following: -miso soup ($5!!): won't recommend -beef sashimi: very good, but sauce a bit too sweet -seafood ceviche: delicious, but taste too much lime/yuzu -omakase sashimi: HEAVENLY gooooood!! Seven kind of fishes, 2 pieces each for $45. Not cheap at all, but definitively worth it!! -seared salmon and unagi sushi: Unagi is a must! So tasty!! -miso black cod: very good Service, however, was really so-so. The waitress was not very knowledgable. I've asked for suggestions and she just gave me a description of a few dishes. She didn't even know which fishes were available on that night. That was very disappointing. Quite expensive, but for a special occasion, I will definitively return to try out more sushi and sashimi! *nom*nom*
4_star Came here for a late light lunch after checking in at The Encore yesterday. Atmosphere is pleasant and the room is tastefully decorated-definitely nicer and more stylish than a typical cafe or coffee shop within a hotel. We shared 3 items: Pancakes-simply delightful and some of the best I've had! Light and fluffy and topped with a handful of blueberries and strawberries. Roasted Tomato Bisque-equally as good with a drizzle of olive oil, a fried basil leaf and a parmesan crisp. Buffalo Chicken lollipops-like a buffalo wing, but the end of the drumsticks have been cleaned so your fingers don't get all messy from the sauce! Of course, it came with the traditional blue cheese dip and carrot & celery sticks. Would definitely go back and would like to try it for dinner as the menu looked delish! Perfect meal to tie us over until dinner!
1_star First time at Naked Fish's... Very disappointed. We waited about 15 minutes to be seated which is fine but once we were seated, the waitress gave us no time to get settled in and came over to rush our order. She did not offer a greeting, recommendations or even a smile. She had the personality of the salmon sashimi, which may possibly have been the worst we ever had. It was slimy and fishy and at $12 per order, not even close to being worth it. I am very disappointed with the yelp community for praising this pretentious and unfriendly restaurant. We spent $70 on a meal and enjoyed nothing from the menu nor the experience. We will never go back. Actually, the Cali roll, although very small, was tasty. Also, the other waitress who had to help us because our waitress disappeared during our dinner and the beverage runner who helped us more than our sashimi waitress, were very pleasant and friendly and made me wish we could have tipped them instead. We have tried many sushi places in town and for those of you looking to enjoy the whole experience of dining out for a quality meal that you are paying for, please avoid this spot. Go instead to Soho (west side) or Miko's Izakaya (east side). They truly raise the bar. Actually, pick up some sushi at whole foods and dine in before you spend your money at naked fish's.
4_star Meghan was awesome, great service thank you. The restaurant itself is a little busy and loud, mainly due to the location. Food is above average.
2_star My daughter and I decided to try Babbo for lunch today based on reviews and friends recommendations. The hostess was less than friendly when we asked about being seated at a booth. The waitress was nice and took our order quickly. My daughter order a pasta dish and I ordered a pizza. It took forever for our food. My pizza was not even warm. I did not want to complain since my daughter treated me to lunch. I think Babbo has been the only upscale Italian eatery in the area for some time. We recently visited Pomo Pizzaria down the street and it was soooooo much better. I would not return based on the service, wait time and of course the food.
2_star Today was a very different experience than in the past. First, the restaurant did not seem as busy: it was 9:30 a.m. and there are usually people waiting for a table. That felt a little odd because a busy restaurant is a sign of good food and service. The service was fast, but one of our orders was wrong so they had to go back and fix it. Then when my order was finally ready, the hash browns and bacon were overcooked (almost burned in some spots) and looked old, like they had been sitting out a long time. We could also hear the people in the kitchen yelling at each other, which was not pleasant. This was not a good experience because the ambiance was low-energy and sad and the food was pretty bad.
2_star I admit it I am a pizza snob, with New Haven pizza as my gold standard. The people at Giorgio's are extremely nice and I appreciate that it is a neighborhood place, but it is bare bones decor and eh pizza. I have not tried the pasta dishes and I expect we will on a don't-feel-like-cooking night. I guess what is bothering me is that although I know the pizza was made fresh, the crust almost tasted like a frozen pizza, as did the sauce etc. Darn you, Modern Apizza, Sally's and Pepe's, you have set the bar too high.
3_star We had a very pleasant family lunch in the Gilley's restaurant. We didn't go in the saloon but the restaurant at the back is family friendly with super friendly waiting staff who really took care of our boys (7 & 5). We went in as it is one of few strip restaurants that looks onto the Strip with natural light - the darkness of the casinos gets oppressive after a while. The food was nothing remarkable, just bog standard burgers and fries etc but it was pleasant enough and the cocktails are good! There were big TV's which kept our children happy with the baseball and soccer coverage. We went at a Monday lunchtime so it was quiet. Highly recommended for families with fussy children.
4_star I came here last night with two friends to watch the hockey game. It was packed, and we were seated at a high-table in the bar area (we really wanted a booth, but the wait was 15-20 minutes). Our servers, Andrea and Alex, tended to our every need! A booth opened up about 15 minutes after we sat down, and Alex moved all our stuff for us, which was so sweet of them. For food, one of my friend's sandwiches were burnt, and Andrea took it back three times until the kitchen had it done exactly the way my friend wanted it. My food (bow tie pasta with Rose sauce) was a little cold, but didn't bother me too much. Andrea kept coming back to our table to check whether we needed refills or more bread. Overall, I'm giving four stars because of the servers, not the food. I was so happy with the attention we received from them, especially Andrea - she did everything she could to make sure we were satisfied.
3_star Two and a half stars, actually. Adequate food, excellent service, $15 slushies called "margaritas" that taste nothing like a margarita. An annoying fee they add to the bill that we had to Google, and it seems it's a fee they charge you just to eat at their restaurant. If you don't mind getting ripped off and you stick with beer, it's not a bad place.
2_star Used to love this place...went here tonight and they are horribly understaffed. I know it's not the employees fault but it took about 10 min just to have someone come to the front to take our order. Out of 6 orders they messed up on 2. The employees were very friendly and apologetic, but that doesn't make up for it. A lady at another table took her burger back up to the front because it was served raw. We have been here at least 5 times and unless things drastically change back to the way they used to be, we will not be returning. Buns were soggy...fries were over salty...and everything just seemed sloppy :(
1_star 5 stars for the food- i truly love the food here, everything is delicious and the margaritas are too good to not get 5 stars for the service- any and every server I have had has exceeded my expectations! wonderful people! There is one bartender there, I cant remember his name, he is maybe in his 30's, definitely heavier set guy, mexican and i think he wears glasses; I don't enjoy being served by him, I've overheard some sexually inappropriate comments coming from him concerning other paying customers in the restaurant. I find this highly offense and unprofessional, it makes me extremely uncomfortable and I also wonder what comments he has made about my body sexually. All of the hostesses there are nice, friendly and full of smiles, except one, I dont know her name either. She is mexican, and last time I was in there she was handing out food, which was new, considering she is the girl who never smiles and makes it seem like it's a painful task to seat me. She always glares at me, never smiles, sighs when I let her know how many people are in my party and lazily walks us to our table. However, every other hostess I have ever come across here is all smiles, courteous and just as friendly as the servers. A couple bad apples can surely affect business, I know I avoid going to this establishment on certain days due to those specific employees. I have even mentioned something to the General Manager who simply replied, "That is just who they are.", with a smile on her face, like it wasn't a big deal and walked away. I was highly shocked, but with her attitude and lack of concern for the company, explains why those couple people act the way they do.
3_star I cane her a few friends expecting a fabulous meal. Sadly I don't get this. Pros: -Server was great -Orange juice was...Awesome! -Ambiance is wonderful (especially outdoors in the summer) -Option to make a reservation and they call or text when available Cons: -Menu was pre-set -Food took along time -Food came COLD Overall, I will try again and hopefully get the same server and a better meal.
4_star I am a big fan of this place, especially with the renewed focus on the menu. In the winter the the pub is very cozy and relaxed, a nice place to spend a coupe of hours with friends. In the summer there is one of the best patios in the city that lets you watch Church street walk by. The beer selection is solid with a number of local and international craft beers on draft. There are also a number of excellent bottles. The mixed drinks are good, ask for the Glee made by David for a fun multi-colour drink.
3_star Came here yesterday, Sunday for the first time w/friends. Ordering of food was easy & food was good overall. Potatoes came out cold & waitress thought our friend was kidding about getting new hot batch. She did oblige. My husband & I each ordered a meal & water; came to $27 which was quite pricey. May go back but no gua
4_star We're new to the area and honestly struggle for a quality neighborhood restaurant. This place is above par and quality is fantastic. The waitress was young so didn't understand timing however the manager was spot on attentive and high quality. Great wood oven pizzas as well. Definitely worth it and affordable.
4_star Hands down, this is the best, most authentic sushi place in town. The sashimi is actually very fresh compared to other places I've been to downtown. The atmosphere is nice. It's lovely and quiet. It's one of those places you wouldn't really know of unless you just walk by it. We ordered a sashimi set and some tempura. Though the prices are on the slightly steeper side in comparison to other sushi place, the freshness is definitely worth it. Service was great. Did not have to wait too long for anything. It is definitely the kind of place you go to to enjoy and indulge on tasty food and not just to stuff your face with sushi
3_star Delicious food (try the teriyaki chicken burger!) but terrible service. Maybe the waiter was new.
3_star I made my first visit here today for the $2 taco special. On the plus side, service was good and my three tacos looked good and were prepared quickly. On the not so good side, the chicken taco was unseasoned. The veg taco was pretty good. Still a reasonable deal, maybe try something other than chicken for your taco filling.
1_star Tonight I went to Texas Roadhouse for dinner, I was extremely excited because this is one of my favorite places to eat. Unfortunately the experience wasn't great. When we were seated we were told they would bring us bread when it was ready, they didn't. My salad came out at least 10 minutes before our appetizer. When our food came out (we still haven't received our bread) and the plate did not look appetizing. My pulled pork looked like it was the scraps and there was zero bbq sauce on it. It was so dry. Not once did they ask how the food was or bus the table. When we left out table had every single plate from appetizer to salad bowl. I was very disappointed.
5_star Loved Henrys! Amazing tasting, very fresh, good service. Will definitely be back. Tried the beef bing appetizer (highly recommend), hand shaved noodles with shrimp, and Kung pao chicken with rice.
1_star They have changed the Pita bread and I don't think it is good. They used to make it fresh on the grill, but now they use store bought already made. To bad.
2_star Restaurant week fail. Very disappointing. Wine was good, stuffed mushrooms good. Steak was horrible, dry, flavorless. Only one of the 3 tacos in the taco platter had any flavor. We left most of our food on the plate and the waitress couldn't understand why we didn't want a to go box. I said because it isn't very good. She looked shocked. That brings me to the service, in short it was substandard as well. From the hostess who barely acknowledged us, to the waitress. I asked the waitress about the gluten free options and she looked clueless. We had to just Sit there another 15 minutes while she tried to find someone to answer my question. I was asking the waitress another question at one point and she walked away, she seemed to be in a daze.
3_star I'm not really a complainer but it took my two lg cheese pizza over a hour to get delivered to my house which is 6 minutes away. Pizza look so delicious until we took a bit and the dough was not fully cooked! Like if it was rushed to me . So then I called them back and he said that they were busy and short someone for the night. Overall I'm not ordering pizza from there again. I was hoping to find a pizzeria by my house so we can be locals There. Unfortunately that didn't happen.
1_star If it were possible to give 0 stars, I would. When told that we would have a table in 20 minutes, it took over an hour to sit. Then we went 20 minutes without someone even asking for a drink order. We had to go ask for menus ourselves. We had to wait another hour to eat. It is ridiculous to me that they wouldn't hire more wait staff for a Sunday brunch! I will absolutely not be returning here, and I recommend you don't either.
3_star Our experience tonight wasn't the best. We ordered a Sausage and Peppa's but our pizza was delivered Peppa's and Onions. Cooks mistake they forgot to put the sausage on the pie. When we brought it our servers attention I was kind of shocked when she said "when i was bringing the pizza out I noticed it was missing sausage". Really and you still served it??.. I too have been a mediocre server, however I can say if I felt something was not prepared correctly I was having the cooks correct it stat. As quick as our pizza came out the server and cooks could have corrected it and another 5mins would not have been missed. Overall the now veggie pizza was good. I might try this location again.
4_star Place is very clean, I don't know why this stood out but it did. I got the Barby slider, was a tasty little burger. I could see myself stopping in from time to time.
3_star Our group of seven went in for dinner on a Friday night. The atmosphere is nice and cozy and the staff were friendly. Having never had experience authentic Brazilian food, I was happy to try it out for the first time. I ordered a soup for appetizer and slow cooked meat stew for the main course. The caldo verde soup was good, and warms you up quickly from the cold winter. The stew was delicious. The pork and beef were very tender, and the flavors were very tasty. I only wished there was a little more rice or another starch, as there was so much sauce and it would have made the stew even better. Price was okay at around $30. My friends also enjoyed their meal. Overall, a great place to try out Brazilian food, and I would go back to try something different.
1_star Waitress we had was rudeeeeeeeee! She was rude when we got in, rude when we ordered, rude when she brought our food, rude when we told her she forgot one of our sides and rude when we asked for the bill. I went with a small group. Food was just okay. It's pretty hard to screw up breakfast, but it happened. One person in my group ordered a sandwich. Disappointed - thoroughly. Bits of small chicken pieces which fell out every time they a bite of the sandwich. Barely toasted bread, which was also soggy from the chicken that was probably sitting in the sandwich and waiting for the slow waitress to pick it up. Pancakes were forgotten by the waitress. When they came they were not hot, not surprisingly. Home fries were soggy. Won't be coming back again.
4_star Don tortaco has the best carne Asada fries! My only concern is their guacamole never tastes the same. Sometimes it's good and other times it's not so good. It's a gamble. And I've heard that in groups when people are talking about this location the guacamole flavor always comes up. Also they need like a house salsa. Not just a red and green or pico, have a nice salsa to go with the chips. Other than that everything is tasty. Definitely better than faustos.
4_star Great tacos! And yes, the hot sauce is awesome and burning hot! Food order was fast and portion size was decent. Not much seating space, grab the food to go and find a nice patio near by, such as cold tea just across the street, it's pretty much prefect!
1_star My Yelp app said this place received 3.5 stars, so I was curious... How it ever received 3.5 stars is beyond me... This was my first time there and I will NEVER go back. They were not horribly busy, so I went in and sat at the bar. The bartender greeted me quickly and asked if id like a drink and a menu.. I ordered a drink, she brought it, then I ordered something off the lunch menu. They brought the usual chips and salsa. Warm Salsa???? I thought it was strange to have the salsa be warm, but I tried it anyway...it was somewhat tasteless, so I switched to the next dip.. this was better than the first but still lacked something. I was only 5 chips in and scooped what looked like a hair out of the 2nd dip... I looked around to see if the bartender would look at it but she completely disappeared. I told myself I could be wrong... I wanted to believe I was wrong... My first mistake was not leaving right then and there.. After 20 minutes the bartender reappeared with my food. She warned me the plate was hot, but what she should have said was the plate is hot but the food is NOT.. I ordered the lunch taco plate.. The menu read 1 flour tortilla taco, served with pico, etc.. a bowl of tortilla soup, rice & beans. (the beans had cheese on them in the picture).. I tried to eat the soup, but quickly discovered I had to use my knife to cut the completely oversized, undone vegetables in the bowl. After 3 bites I gave up and slid that aside. I moved on to the beans, which was cold, tasted sour and had no cheese on them it all. I slid that aside as well...At this point I'm famished, so instead of leaving, I proceeded to try the taco.. . I realized there was no pico or cheese on the little side plate they brought. I ended up with lettuce and 2 slices of avocado. I look up to find again the bartender/waitress disappeared. I can't even ask for any.. I opened the tortilla to discover dried up steak... That was it... I pushed that aside and waited for the bartender to get back... so she comes back and ask if I needed anything else.. I looked down at the plate, then back up to her and said "just a check" She looked at my plate turned around and proceeded to bring me the check and asked if I wanted a box.. ARE YOU KIDDING ME? In what world would someone not ask if there was a problem with the food, especially if you seen your customer barely touched the food. That was my breaking point... I asked for the manager and low and behold he finally appears 10 minutes later... I communicated what I experienced, explained the food was inedible, told him I was going to pay the check, leave and never return. He half acted like he was concerned, offered to get the check only once, then proceeded to clear my plate and walked away.. He should have insisted and tore the check up.... WOW..... the restaurant industry is so competitive, especially here. even more so with the ability to post. The owner would be saving himself a lot of bad reviews if he took action right away.... If I owned that place, the cook, waitress and manager would be gone today..... I've had better service and food from Del Taco.... UGH!!!
4_star I love this place. Nice selection of craft beers, late night food, solid To Go set up. The service has never been fantastic but I love the atmosphere and the GOURMET Asian food. I love people watching at this place and love stopping in for a beer. This will always be my first TO GO option on the way home
1_star Snooze is the ONLY breakfast restaurant I know of that has a wait for their bar. Went to Over Easy instead. Change your bar wait policy and we'll try your establishment.
1_star Blegh. How do I even begin. While good customer service shouldn't be expected in Chinese restaurants, I don't expect aggressiveness. After hearing so many great reviews for peking duck, I expected nothing less; however what we were served was in the pits of what we expected. First, for $34 dollars, it comes with a whole duck, 8 pancakes and what looked like a random vegetable satay with pieces of duck thrown in. I found it very odd that the waiter came out with whole duck sitting on the plate and immediately turned around and went back to the kitchen. 5 minutes later, the duck is "cut", and plated on top of extremely stale and greasy shrimp chips. The duck skin was scorched black and there were barely any meat. This led us to question if they really gave us the whole duck, and exactly how old the duck was. Judging by its skin, it looked like it was ready to thrown out anyway. We were surprised they would have the gall to serve this. The picked radish and carrots looked like it had been cut by a 3 year old--uneven, chucky, hideous slices that had discoloured tips. When we complained about the duck, the waiter had a smug look on his face and said, "Oh, you want shrimp chips? No problem, we'll bring you more". Are you kidding? NO THANK YOU. We left the restaurant happy to not have supported such a terrible establishment.
2_star I was excited to go there after reading promising Yelp reviews. After my one and only visit I have mixed feelings about the place. The sandwich with bacon, onions etc. was tasty but definitely overpriced. A small piece of relatively dry bread is not worth the money in my opinion. Plus I had to wait for my sandwich for a long time, around 20 mins (!!). And they weren't even that busy then. I had to ask about it a few times and the whole situation felt quite awkward. At some point you don't want to give up when you have waited long enough. By the time I finally got it I had read the idle newspaper thoroughly (which is kind of a good thing). Haven't gone twice.
1_star ATTENTION: NEW CHEF. DON'T BOTHER! As a Hudson resident, I've eaten at Peachtree plenty of times since moving here a few years ago. Friends told us about their famous fried chicken, and while I am the last person to order fried chicken, I must say it WAS incredible. We brought out of town friends and family to Peachtree for brunch, cocktails and dinner. We were very proud of this local gem. They had creative recipes, infused their own cocktails and rotated their menu seasonally. Well, no more. Last night's meal was an absolute disappointment. Out with another couple, we gushed about how we haven't been to Peachtree in quite a while and were ready for some of that famous fried chicken. The recipe is completely different. And while that may not seem like a big deal, the server's reaction told the story. I asked what prompted them to change their recipe, and she replied that they "got a new chef". I said, wasn't the previous chef one of the owners? She awkwardly acknowledged he was, but that he hasn't been there for about 8 months. She didn't care to ask us how anything else was. Clearly, she probably already knew. Overall, this place has just gone down hill. Lifeless, unaware servers - never asking if we wanted to order more cocktails, and constantly having to ask for water refills.......Flavorless cocktails; Overall boring food; Bringing appetizers out only to be followed 4 minutes (not joking.....4 minutes) later by our meals...and the list goes on. I was embarrassed that I brought these people here. No wait on a beautiful Saturday night. Telling. Mark my words, this place will be closed in a year. I don't know, or care what went on with the management, but it is shame we lost a local favorite.
3_star Pizza is very good. A mystery is they do not serve ranch dressing, which is weird because they serve salad. This actually was a huge disappointment.
3_star This place had a cool atmosphere and the calamari was probably some of the best I've had. The reason I give them 3 stars is because of the pricey soft shell crab sandwich that had too much bread and came with about a quarter of the ACTUAL crab in it. I was really looking forward to that sandwich after the good appetizers we had (calamari & Gator) but unfortunately left disappointed. I would try this place again though...
5_star I just graduated from CMU and the thing that I miss most about Pittsburgh is Pho Minh. Their pho is unbelievable and their #4 (pork spring roll) is equally as amazing. Moreover, Pho Minh completely trumps Tram's Kitchen. I took my parents here for my "last meal" before leaving the City and they loved it, too. They aren't into 'ethnic food' at all. That being said, I would take ANYONE here. Their grilled chicken (#30 something) is perfect for people who dislike pho. It's a must if you're anywhere near Pittsburgh.
3_star This is an update to my previous review where I had the chance to learn more about the restaurant, that gave me a better perspective, as well I sampled the dinner menu. I had ordered chicken satay as one of the starters, and found the satay to be so incredibly mild I had to call our server over and enquire. Satay should have a spicy bite with a healthy heat and I asked why this was so mild. I was told they tamed the Thai dishes down because this was family restaurant, and kids would not be able to eat food with traditional spiciness. Good point! that helped me position the review a little better. The chicken on the Chicken satay, was lacking flavor, lots of chicken but very bland. We also ordered the Thai chicken wings, good size but again pretty bland. My friend ordered the Pad Thai, that's not a tough dish to cook, I ordered the Chicken Penang with chicken fried rice. It wasn't bad, again, I have to look past the authenticity and settle for family rated food. So, that being said, you certainly get lots, and the service although very busy, our service was excellent and thoughtful. It was suggested I try the coconut ice. A whole, small coconut imported from Asia, with coconut in a coconut milk/cream concoction that was delicious, I highly recommend this. Overall, if you are looking for plenty of family type Thai food with lots of leftovers, great service and modest prices, this is for you!
1_star The menu looked amazing and the staff are incredibly courteous. However, the place reeked of BO, with every whiff of air overpowering the senses. Pepperidge Farm frozen garlic bread is significantly more tasty than their stale bread. Overall, the food looked questionable and the pasta was either overcooked or super crunchy. I was envying Jack in the Box across the street or a can of chef boyardee. My 5 year-old cousin can boil "normal" pasta that's consistent. Why can't a business that charges upwards of 10 bucks a plate do the same? I was honestly tempted to run, but was afraid I'd burn in hell; so I paid like a good citizen. UPDATE: I spent 75 minutes this morning on the toilet. Their food will thoroughly cleanse your colon; be warned.
5_star Best hot pot in Champaign Area. The bolus and shrimps are so delicious, highly recommend~ Please try the plum juice and soy milk, they are amazing. The environment and service are great. It will be hard for you to find another place like this in Champaign.
1_star This place was messy and loud. The food really wasn't great and the salsa bar looked like a three year old put it together. Overall the only plus was the tortilla chips that were free before the food. I will not be back unless one of my friends pays for me
5_star Excellent place with good food, fast service and plenty of screens to watch the game. Prices are affordable and the service was prompt and courteous.
2_star After reading some great things about this place, myself and my boyfriend decided to check it out one Sunday afternoon. I'm also planning on opening up my own breakfast cafe in the near future, so visiting and comparing various breakfast places is also helpful for my own market research. This time around, instead of just us two, we invited 3 more couples to join us. My first impression of the cafe was spacious with a nice plain brick wall and art work on the wall for sale, features I've noticed in other popular brunch places. One drawback to this place was their beautiful front counter was facing toward the wall; it would have worked much better facing toward the doorway with fresh cupcakes on display. I also noticed that no music was played in the background, a feature I enjoy. The menu was a foldout with two sides plus the back listing drinks, as they also serve beer. Our water was served plainly, although a nice jug full of water with mint leaves and lemons would have been an extra nice touch. I ordered the Big Breakfast ($11.95) and earl gray tea ($1.50). I'm guessing they were under staffed or I sure hope so because one of their kitchen staff sporting a hairnet was going around taking orders as well as serving food, not exactly eye pleasing. I hope this isn't their usual wait staff head wear. After 30 minutes, our orders arrived, although the long wait could have been attributed to the size of our party. The portion sizes were massive, you get two sausages, two bacon strips, two eggs any way you want, potatoes, pancakes or French toast, fruit and pre-buttered toast. My poached eggs were on the runny side as I like mine to be somewhere in the middle. The bacon was good, but had no hint of any other extra flavor. The sausages were a bit overdone and dry. The potatoes were nice and crispy, the pancakes were nice and fluffy, however, none of the fruits in the fruit salad complimented each other and were instead all very separate flavors, you could tell there was no thought put into the dish. We also found the meal to be quite cool and not hot at all. My earl gray tea was served in a nice tea pot but was a bit on the thin side. The bill for the two of us was $30, pretty good price for the portions that you get, but more suited for someone who just wants to be fed as opposed to someone who wants to enjoy what they're eating.
5_star Came for brunch Sunday and had eggs, sausage, toast, apple cinnamon pancakes, which was all delicious. The place was pretty packed & the Staff was nice to everyone. Would recommend to a friend!
5_star took the wife over to lakeshore to check out what the hype was all about, pizza was very good. Not your normal fast food pizza joint, very high quality. The dude working there i think his name was sean, very friendly, good kid. we actually swapped numbers hes gonna help me find a car from his friends at roy foss. Anyways we dined in and enjoyed the cool space. Will definately be back!!! and sean if you read this you better not forget to call for the car!!! ha ha just kidding brother. GREAT PIZZA!!!
2_star I wanted Chilaquillas , I asked if they had it and she said yes. I ordered it with green chilli and she she OK. I was obviously interrupting her texting session. What I got was soggy chips under green chili. It was funny. The green chili was good though. Everyone else ordered burritos, I bet they were delicious. Just stick to the burritos and you will be fine. Also don't ask for a small soda because all they have is medium and large and they will look at you like an idiot. Lol!
2_star The food here is generally pretty good and the atmosphere is nice, however, many of their employees are arrogant and unprofessional. Their prices are also a bit ridiculous for what you get. On our most recent visit, we had ordered a salad, a slice of pizza, two pastries, coffee, and a soda (all were readily available behind the counter). We received our soda and coffee, along with a numbered card, and found a seat while we waited for the rest of our order to be brought out. We waited 15 minutes for our fairly basic order, until I went up to the counter, numbered card in hand, and politely inquired how much longer it would be. A dismissive employee greeted me with a rude "What'd you order?". While telling her my order again, she cut me off mid-sentence and said, "We'll have it out when it's ready. Go sit down and we'll have it right out." A few minutes later, the food came out and it tasted all right, but there's no reason we should have had to wait 15+ minutes for food that was already sitting right behind the counter when we ordered it. At a normal sit-down restaurant, 15 minutes would be acceptable, but this place should be the equivalent of a Panera with their serving times. Also, it should be noted that on this recent visit, there was a guy who looked like the owner, walking around the restaurant. You would think the employees would be on their best behavior when he's around, but apparently not. Overall, The Stone Oven's food is decent, but their service leaves a lot to be desired.
3_star Came in on Wednesday night around 9. No hostess, so I sat close to the bar. Took a long time for someone to address me. My waitress didn't seem too happy about being there. Got a beer that I didn't like. My waitress didn't inquire why I didn't finish it. The food was good. Wouldn't come back though. Service is important to me.
2_star Been here a few different times and each visit I get a different/weird experience. It's either great service with a well-informed knowledgeable server or a complete train wreck that results in something being offered for free. I feel like this place is so close to being a great part of Charlotte and a unique restaurant that everyone can be proud of...but it's not there yet.
3_star A slice of pizza and a soda cost $12! Crust was hard, pizza was ok. Reminded me of frozen Totinos pizza. I would suggest trying Sirrocos on the first floor, closer to NY style pizza.
4_star Love Brio! We met a group of friends for Happy Hour last Thursday. Exceptional HH menu with a very nice selection of $3.95 small plates and several wines and mixed cocktails below $5. We had several rounds of appetizers (definitely try the shrimp and eggplant dish, the flat bread was popular with the guys). Everyone appeared very happy with their drink drink selection. Service was good and the bar was very busy. No wonder! Good job Brio! When will you be in La Jolla, CA?
5_star Still thinking about their unexpectedly fab sweet potato and bacon salad. I'm a fan of their eggs benny, bacon and gingerbread pancakes. The staff and owners are great, love their 70s radio selection too.
2_star I've been to Hillstones a few times. The service just gets worse and slower. It's is certainly pretty. But be prepared for poor service. Go to Chelsea kitchen or steak44.
4_star Let me just say, the5 times that I have been here, I have LOVED it! Went here for the first time with my boyfriend. We went during the week, and they had some kind of trivia going on(it was pretty fun & entertaining) For an appetizer, my boyfriend ordered a caesar salad, which was really good! I ordered chicken quesadillas which were MIND BLOWING!! I mean OMG, they were soooooo good! I had never eaten sour cream or avocado before that night, and now I eat it all the time when I get the quesadillas. Next, my boyfriend ordered a burger(with cheese, ketcup and mustard. PLAIN I know.) He ordered steak fries that came out more like potato wedges. He thought his burger was so-so. I tasted it, and it was dry and overcooked. The wedges were salty as well. I ordered a steak(medium well) and fries. Now that was 10 times better than my boyfriends plain burger. My steak was juicy, seasoned well, and cooked to perfection. I couldn't have asked for a better steak! So kudos to the cook! My fries were normal fries which were just as tasty(once again better than my boyfriends) lol. I have been back to Rock Bottom 4 times since then, and now that I live up the street from it, I plan on becoming a weekly regular! I always get the chicken quesadillas, and have even tried the chicken nachos. Let me tell you that the nachos coming in a heap PILED up on a plate, with cheese, olives, tomatoes, and other stuff. They were sooooo good! Me and my friends couldn't eat it all. Also, my boyfriend ordered the ribs before, and he did not like them WHAT-SO-EVER. But then again, he was comparing them to the ribs at Firebirds so yea. He also ordered the cheese pizza, and I must say that I have gotten better pizza at chuckie-cheese. I don't know if my boyfriend just has a string of bad luck at ordering at Rock Bottom, but his food is NEVER as good as mines. I have ordered the burger before(cheese, ketchup, mustard, lettuce, bbq sauce, medium well) and it was DELISH! I recommend Rock Bottom to everyone to try out for themselves!
2_star I really expected to give Nellos a good review but its not that great, not sure if they were in a hurry when they made our pizza but it was lacking in a descent quantity of ingredients we ordered on it we ordered a large pizza with mushrooms, onions, green peppers and pepperoni. One piece out of the whole pizza seamed adequately filled with ingredients. Way to much crust. May come back may not. The bottled beer was $3 also sadly not impressed.
5_star Stopped here on a Saturday afternoon in early October for a beer and a snack. We were impressed with the tap beer selection and ordered a Boddington's and Fuller's ESB. Both were poured well and were great. The beers were a bit cold for these types of beers. It was nice to find these on tap in Las Vegas! We decided to get a snack and ordered the crispy bait (some name like that). The small fish were perfectly fried and had a crispy, light breading. We changed from the standard lemon aioli to the curry aioli served with a separate menu item and really enjoyed that with the fish. Maybe they could make an aioli choice with these standard on the menu. Bar service was perfect and we appreciated bartender Rains work. We will definitely stop in again next time we are in Vegas!
2_star Decided to have lunch here today. Served quickly by friendly waitress. Prices reasonable. Portion size not too big. Sadly however we found our food cold. It appears it had been on the press some time and is not cooked to order. A very angry customer was having a run in with the manager, which was not being dealt with effectively. This was difficult to watch and listen too. I think it's very offensive when the supervise decided to talk to her staff about the customer in her native tongue as well as laughing. Very unprofessional indeed.
2_star I'll be blunt, my experience here was in a word, disappointing. The service was subpar at best, and their pizza just plain sucks. I had their "signature" margarita (sp) pizza which can be best described as a soggy mess of oily cheese on an even soggier crust. That was preceded by a salad that had canned pears and easily a full cup of stale walnuts dumped on it. I hate writing bad reviews, so I'm being generous with two stars.
2_star Their pizza is excellent (definitely one of my favorites in Charlotte), but we cannot get past the customer service and attitudes of the employees. Regardless of the day/time of our visit or how busy they are, any request large or small seems to be too bothersome for them to deal with. Sadly, I might go as far to say worst customer service in Charlotte. We'll probably occasionally go back because the pizza is very good, but I cringe at the thought of dealing with whoever is behind the counter.
1_star Cora is for people who want to get quantity and NOT quality food. The coffee taste horrible, if I can describe it I would say it tasted like stale plastic. I even asked the waiter to changed it and the second cup tasted the same. I cannot same much for the food either, I had a couple of eggs and it tasted like slough, prison food (from what I imagine prison food would taste like). The service was great too!
3_star Love the sandwiches here. Fast and friendly service. Good lunch place and close to shopping at downtown Summerlin.
3_star No matter how good the food is or how unique the setting, if the service is subpar, the whole dining experience is spoiled. We had a reservation for Sunday brunch at noon. We checked in at the front desk at 11:50 a.m. but were not seated until 12:15 p.m. We specifically requested a table with a view of the river, which we thought would be honored because we were led into that section. However, the maitre d' suddenly stopped walking, looked around, frowned, and said, "I was misinformed about your table. Give me a minute. I'll find your another table." Not sure how that could have happened with a computerized seating system, but never mind. Then there was our server who forgot the milk for our coffees. That in itself is OK, but it took the longest time for him to show up at our table to check on us. So by the time he appeared, our coffees were cold, making them even worse with the cold milk that eventually came.
5_star Eating at Pizza Lotto right now. This place is absolutely amazing! Excellent service started the experience off right. Then the amazing pizza came out. We went to NYC last month and this is the best pizza I have had in years! Got a pepperoni pizza and a pitcher of goose island IPA and I can't wait to be back in town to to get this pizza again. Added the garlic and oregano per the owners recommendation. He was so right!
3_star Being used to having great pho both homemade and in cities like San Diego, and OC I have high expectations when I visit pho restaurants. Jenni Pho was Okay. Good service, interesting biography type thing about Jenni perfecting her pho broth for 20years or so on the menu. The pho was not bad, it was not the best I've had but I can say I have had worse especially down the street at that other place...If you are in the Las Vegas area but not near spring mt. I would suggest Jenni Pho its not the best but it is good enough for the convenience.
4_star As a regular diner at L.A.'s best pho (Pho 87 in Chinatown), I wasn't sure how Kinh Do would compare. Well, I had nothing to fear. The pho is good, as is the Yangzhou fried rice. The best part I the meal was the BBQ Pork bahn mi. The bread was soft and not chewy, the pork was sweet and flavorful, and the pickled carrots and radish were just right. For $3, this beats Lee's any day.
3_star After looking at the other reviews I can definitely agree that the service is terrible. We all must have had the same waitress. We sat up on the outdoor patio,it was a gorgeous day. Our waitress was prompt but didn't come back for 20 minutes with our drinks. Our order took even longer, it was only nachos. Yes we did get attitude from the waitress when she forgot part of our order. All in all it was a gorgeous sunny day and great to be outside. To avoid the poor service, order from the bar directly, it's much faster.
3_star Great atmosphere, really busy on weekend dinner serving, was lucky to get a table ( the next available spot was in 2hrs!!) the food was good, not great, but they do have a whole vegan section, which is a nice option. There are limited spicy options, and the spicy dish are really just mild. Their share/small plates looked good, may comeback and try those.
1_star Food might be good, still unsure, just got home. However I am upset from my pick up that they did not state after I ordered three full sandwiches and then convinced on the phone to upgrade for more money to a combo that they give you a half sandwich and a half soup. I can understand the soup being smaller but when you bloody order a full sandwich you better get a whole one unless you stipulate otherwise. This food better blow my mind. I will not be talked into another deal like that again. Most places an upgraded combo still gets you what you ordered!!!!!!!
3_star Food is ok, questionable management brooms and dust pans left out near patrons tables. Very unusual manager and wait staff just walk by it, I guess I'm glad there isn't a mop bucket or toilet plunger...
5_star the food is awesome ! The service is great ! Very friendly and helpful ! We ordered seafood soup and chicken wings plus the Salam cheek ! It was really yummy
3_star Food is ok, looks like a pub or a restaurant but expensive if u go by pub style & cheap in terms of restaurant but then food is not that great
4_star I love this place. My girls and I are always here. Taro balls, snow white snow ice and tea-flavored spiced pork chop are my favorites.
4_star Update - returned to the Great Dane in Fitchburg. Had the Mayan chicken wrap, spinach tortilla wrap with lettuce and grilled chicken and a nice ranch-based dressing. Asked for chipotle mayo on the side, was not needed. New chef or just hit them on the right night. Anyway, far superior to my last visit here. Very nicely done.
3_star This is a decent pizza, but nothing great. I had the Soppressata, and my partner the sausage+pepperoni. We both felt that it was lacking something--spices? Salt? We couldn't tell, but it was just kinda meh. It looks to me like it's trying to compete with Ian's, and not Pizza Bruta or even Glass Nickel/Roman Candle--all of which produce better pizza than s2. Which is a disappointment. From their marketing it seemed as if they'd be a competitor to Bruta, but they're not. The entire time I felt that I'd rather have Ians.
3_star Good tepanyaki experience but not great. I would rate 3.5/5. Food is good but dinner, drinks, tax and tip is $200 lots of options when your at that price point. I would happily go again if I'm not picking up bill.
2_star For another city this restaurant might get a higher rating, but compared to other buffets in Las Vegas, the Buffet at the Aria doesn't match up. Especially compared to the Bellagio next door that has the same price for lunch and dinner, the Bellagio wins without doubt. The main reason I went was for the oysters on the half shell, but beware: the oysters were unfresh, dessicated, and had such a strong fishy taste that I was unable to swallow them. Also they looked as if no one had touched them on the ice which made them the more unfresh. The sushi was palatable though I suspect the Aria does not hire a real sashimi chef with the sashimi being unevenly cut. The prime rib and the flank steak were good, although they were not seasoned particularly well to meet the standard already set by the Bellagio. As the newcomer on the block, the Aria does not make a case for itself; the Bellagio does a better job and has much more selection for the same cost. The Aria buffet resembles a cafeteria and the interior is somewhat claustrophobic. The saving grace of this buffet is the beautiful presentation of its desserts, this could make it worth it if you are a dessert fan, although the selection is definitely less varied than that at the Bellagio. All in all, the Aria was digestible (apart from the oysters), but it cannot compete in the competitive buffet scene of Las Vegas.
5_star Been there twice already. Very nice and attentive waiters, great food, and reasonable prices. Love the atmosphere, and the candies we received after the meal.
2_star I took a friend here for lunch. $13.79 for four chicken fingers and a less-than-stellar cup of not homemade mac n cheese. RR used to be one of my favorite places but their insanely high prices just made me remove them from my faves list. I had a $25 gift card. There is no reason a lunch for two should be more than $25, but it was. I attempted to complete their survey but it wouldn't work so I emailed corporate. I got a blanked email that they read all the surveys. If they had read my email they would've known the survey wasn't working. The staff is nice but needless to say, I won't be back.
4_star Friendly owner who even sang a karaoke when he found out my dad and aunt where from Malaysia. The rendang could have been better but the roti cannai was wonderful. The Pulut Hitam and Ice Kacang were some of the best I've had.
4_star I used to visit U of I a lot in my previous life. For a college town, this place has the best Korean food, probably within the proximity of 200 miles. The rice and soup can be refilled. The price is reasonable. What more can you ask for when you're a cheap college bastard? SRSLY!
2_star In town for the NASCAR race and stopped here to eat lunch. The food was ok-typical Wendy's fare. The counter girl, however, was terrible. Didn't great us when we walked in and acted like we were bothering her asking for anything. If her manager ever sees this, she really needs an attitude adjustment!!
5_star Hipster vile up in here.. Good dogs and cheap beer, I'll give it another try next time I'm in mood to having out with a bunch of cool hipsters !
4_star Ever since I was a wee lass I've been taken to Moe Pancer's for the pastrami sammaches. I still remember the interior of the old location. My dad was a Toronto-born food lover, and he knew ALL the places to go! Whenever we were we driving along the 401, we ALWAYS stopped in a Moe's! As a wee lass I LOVED the dill pickles. 30 years later, Moe's still rocks! I always get the pastrami sammache platter! Piled high with your choice of fattiness meat, fries, slaw and of course extra DILLS!! I have yet to try something different from the menu.....when something is this perfect, it need not be changed!
2_star A bowl of noodle costs $14 and an hour of your life staring into a half empty restaurant in the lineup. I have seen people work faster in a communist country than this Tokyo ramen restaurant
1_star I was told the burgers where great here......well last night we gave them a try. I was not impressed. We order two jumbo cheeseburgers one with fries, the other with onion rings. The burgers where BURNT to a crisp. All the favor of the meat was gone. On a good note the onion rings where great. Please don't burn the burgers.
1_star I just paid $33 for an overcooked ribeye in a place with VFW-style decor. I won't be coming back.
2_star We had a Groupon voucher for the restaurant and we had a cheese fondue and a Chinese fondue (hot pot basically). I recommend the cheese fondue because I think this is really what they're known for. As for the service, it was okay. The waiter/server was also training a new waitress so our service took a little longer than it normally would. We were also the only customers at the restaurant so we didn't really have to wait for anything. The food was mediocre quality, and the Chinese broth wasn't anything delicious and it looked a little too murky in my opinion. The cheese fondue was better, but it's not anything I'd go back for.
2_star Buyer's and Eater's Remorse!!! The Good Five Stars for the service - The service was impeccable! We have had, as good, but never better service in over thirty years eating in fine dining restaurants. Five stars for my wife's dinner - My wife had the Georges Bank Scallops. She always orders scallops if they are on the menu. She said they were perfectly cooked and the accompanying sides were as tasty as those she had at Roy's and the SW Steakhouse in the Wynn. The Bad Two stars for ambiance - They crammed as many tables and chairs into the space as possible. I am not a large person and I barely had enough room to move my chair back to get in and out. The tables and chairs on each side of the walkways to allow diners into and out of the restaurant and the wait staff room to get around the restaurant were very close to each other. I could have easily leaned over and touch the chair next to me across the walkway. The music was too loud for a fine dining restaurant. Two stars for my dinner. I had the AquaKnox Fish Soup. The John Dory was overcooked, one of the clams and one of the oysters were no bigger than the nail on my little finger and the lobster was overcooked and very tiny. I have had perfectly cooked and a much larger lobster tails in a similar dish at Roy's and even Red Lobster! A real shame because the broth was to die for. Two stars for menu variety and creativity - I had a very difficult time finding a starter to go with my Fish Soup. Almost every starter contained some element in the Fish Soup so I just ordered the boring Romaine Salad and my wife did the same. The menu is uninspired and insipid. The appetizer "Special" was steamed crab legs with drawn butter. I wonder how long it took them to develop that dish! Anyone can buy crab legs from the grocery store, warm them and melt butter on the side. When we go out to eat in a fine dining restaurant we expect the only problem with the menu to be too many interesting and enticing choices, not too few! Check out the online menus for the Chart House and Roy's, both upscale seafood restaurants also in Las Vegas, for examples of truly inspired and creative offerings. The Bottom Line Two stars for a disappointing experience and a case of "Buyer's and Eater's Remorse"! If you are a local in Las Vegas, much better choices are The Chart House in the Golden Nugget and Roy's - a short eight minute drive to Flamingo Road from the Venetian. Either restaurant has far more convenient valet or self parking. If you are from out of town and without a car, the extra expense for a cab ride to either restaurant is advised.
1_star I tried placing an order online but was having trouble logging into my account. I called Rush and the girl that answered the phone couldn't tell me how to retrieve my password, and even though I couldn't log in online and order through the app like I usually do they would let me order what I wanted because it's only available online! That is basic customer service especially for a long time customer. Really disappointed.
3_star I have been to Monk's in Wisconsin Dells and Middleton and always had good service and good food so I thought I would try the one in Sun Prairie. The wait was not too long even though they were very busy and they took our order rather quickly. There are a lot of tvs throughout to watch sports but not blaring too loud which is nice. I ordered the Purple Monkey drink but it seemed sweeter than I remember. The cheese curds were very good but the waitress seemed in a hurry and only came back when we were done. I had the Chicken Caesar Wrap and my friend had the Shrimp Po Boy. The food was good so I am willing to give it another try.
1_star Was served a bread basket with refrigerated bread. Had to ask the waiter for bread that was room temperature. Ordered the lobster bisque, worst lobster bisque ever. Tasted as I imagine dirty dish water with fish heads would taste. Management took the cost of the bisque off the ticket. I had the lamb and it was bland and severely over salted. The cauliflower was charred beyond recognition. We decided to cut our losses and did not order dessert. Wait staff was not attentive. Be wise and spend your money elsewhere!
1_star Decided to give them another try but yet I was still disappointed ... I called in for a pick up order of kimchi tofu with beef. Once i got my order I noticed that I didn't received any side orders and my sister said that they usually fill up the container with the tofu soup but it was only half and they got my order wrong I had asked for beef but got pork instead and its was that busy so I do u understand how they could of forgot my sides or order wrong. I was in a rush so I couldn't say anything. I guess I'll just have to make the drive out to Hodori which is half an hour away since they never seem to disappoint me
3_star Nothing special about this place, and the service is terrible. We had the pancakes and an omelette, and the food was nothing above average, and quite expensive. We waited forever for a refill on water and coffee, and finally had to ask another server. It was a Sunday morning, and they had QVC playing on the tvs. Wtf? I wouldn't waste my money here, and would instead go somewhere better for the money.
4_star I ate here last night. I've been here a few times in the past and remembered it as a place with really good food. I was not disappointed. All 3 courses were delicious and my friend ordered a different combo and also loved her choices. I also really like the service. It has a more european feel to it where I feel like I'm well taken care of but also allowed to just sit not bothered until I look up to indicate I need something. I know some people think they're being ignored if the server is not coming over to talk to them all the time but I like this. They are paying attention, water glasses are kept filled, plates are removed as soon as they are empty etc. As far as I'm concerned, if I'm going to eat greek on the Danforth, this is where I'm going to go.
1_star This place is so unprofessional. The weird waiter had smelly breath and told us we had 5 minutes to order. He gave us burnt popcorn for our appetizer and no silverware. We asked for more popcorn and never received it. When we asked for silverware, he gave us attitude and decided to bring some after we got our food. Service was horrible and food was cold. Avoid if you can!!
5_star This has the feel of a diner and it's exceptionally huge. There was an issue w my order and they handled it perfectly. We're visiting from Denver and we will go back to Perks for breakfast.
2_star Had lunch here. Food was cooked good but selection is small compared to buffets in Louisiana. Not worth the 31$ price plus tip. Go off the strip to find some real food. Vegas strip buffets are all about flash.
5_star Best food ever. Great wines with fab prices on wine before 5pm. Best brushetta ever! We loved the food and great service too
3_star The service wasnt that good... Good place but didnt like the people working there.. my first time there and its gonna be the last one
4_star Ah, Lake County. If Cleveland is Manhattan, then surely you are its New Jersey. I guess that's what I like about you. I'm not a Manhattan-type of person. Grew up in the 'burbs, I currently live in the 'burbs, and my favorite movie is The Burbs. (Man, that Tom Hanks. Is there anything he can't do?) This underappreciated gem of the NEO brewing scene is a pretty solid go-to spot when you find yourself stalking the streets of historic downtown Willoughby hungry for a fix. The beers are nothing short of terrific. Peanut Butter Cup Coffee Porter? Didn't even know her! And so on and so forth.
3_star Very fun place, great for groups, a little hard to hear if on a date, but very lively and fully of the usualy Germna energy. Very Similar to the Original in Munich, which I've been to a few times.Good German Music, good beer, good pretzels. I have been a couple times now, and would recommend just sampling appetizers and beers. I always rate german places based on the snitchel, and this one wasn't that good. I think is was too light and baked, not fried. --RibChamp
2_star I have been to this place twice. tried the miso grilled chicken and pork versions of their ramen offering. Taste: its fine. Its ramen, true carbs. So its filling and fine. I personally like the taste of miso and so i like their broth as well. Add ons: Here is the rip off. If you order the 8$ bowl, you would get some ramen, spinach and kimchi. You need to add on your protein and flavor for additional cost. The more you pay, more flavor you get. Price: This is my main gripe. Ramen is the cheap grad student food. Cup o noodle like basics are very pricey here. And my 12$ bowl of ramen is just not worth it. I eat a lot of asian food: ramen, pho, etc. And i would not recommend this place if you love your asian food as well. They have a great marketing team though. They are all over facebook. Kudos to that.
2_star Have you ever been banned from a truck stop restroom? At first sight the place looked closed. After I had a closer look I realized there were just no customers. I thought great I can have the whole place to myself. After I walked in and saw every table was dirty and the old food in the floor I figured that was the reason i was the only customer. I hesitantly ordered a gyro plate even after I saw the visually repugnant warning photos of each plate scroll across the cheap and poorly mounted menu screen. When I finally received my gyro platter I will refer to as "The punisher" the meat was well done almost to the point of over cooked jerky. The portion on my plate was less than filling ( not that I needed a larger portion of "the punisher"). After I tearfully gnawed through the sandwich like I was eager to suffer, I looked around for a place to wash the sweat from my face and cool down with a bit of water. I was surprised when I realized there was no immediate access to a toilet room or a water closet. I gathered my things and rushed out the door to begin my search for a porcelain victim. I found a convenient store about 2 blocks away and not a moment to soon. As I waddled like a penguin with a bonobo size ass rash I almost didn't make it. As I made my way to the public restroom I was feeling the pressure of a quivering anus and violently seizing intestines I realized the latch on the stall door was missing. At this point in my suffering I was shameless. As I barely made it to the place of duty, the other poor patron look over nervously as he was rushing to leave this apparent crime scene. As I finished I washed up my hands and face and tried to look smooth as I opened the door to leave the scene. Immediately as I left the restroom, a small child walked in to and belted out " Daddy it smells like a dumpster in here". I'm not saying I was immediately noticed but I'm sure I have been banned from this location if they rewind the surveillance camera. Let me close with a kind word. It was better than my experience at La Mexican Restaurant in Mo. As you can read in my reviews.
4_star Yum, Yum Hillstone!!! Things I love: the smooth-as-butter, perfectly seasoned filet mignon, crisp, flavorful generous pours of white wine, the fresh, plump crab cakes and the packed with flavor, nutty and sweet cous cous. My mouth waters thinking of it. It's been our usual Friday night spot because the bar is beautiful and the patio is wonderfully designed to sit outdoors in the cool spring Arizona air and enjoy all that Hillstone has to offer on their menu. Let's be clear about one thing however, not one thing on that menu can be on the low caloric side or even semi healthy..in fact, we learned that Hillstone is just Houstons (menu of course gave that away), but under a different name so the company doesn't have to release nutritional values...eeek!) But I say so-what to that and enjoy this classy joint that offers high levels of fat and goodness. I promise you won't regret it...
1_star I've never written a bad review before, but last night's dinner at Charlotte Cafe was spectacularly bad, and deserves a bad review. Service was truly horrible. The waitress was surly (PMS-ing?) and spent about 20 minutes kibitzing with a big table while our food congealed on the service line. That was when she hadn't disappeared altogether. The food itself was bland and visually unappealing -- colorless, and as I said, the pale beige gravy had congealed and had a skin on it by the time it got to us. My blackeyed peas were a dry lump and under-done, my sister-in-law's cabbage was cold as a frog, my chopped steak was gristly. It took an hour and a half from the time we were seated until the time we left, and we were the next to last table to leave. They were practically sweeping under our feet as we walked out. Overall, blecchh! Oh, and to add to the misery, the live music was loud and intrusive.
5_star Let me start of by saying I love this place, one of my favorite restaurants in town. The service is amazing the food is amazing it's all just amazing. My fiancé and I usually come to eat maybe once or twice a month. We always leave happy and have an amazing time here. The fried zucchini is amazing along with the stuffed mushrooms for an appetizer. We will be back for many many more visits. We will eventually try everything on the menu. Props to the chefs!
4_star 40+ buy one get one free drink coupons was what brought us here. the drinks were awesome and they were at good prices. location sucks and the food wasnt great so thats why im holding off the 5th star. only go if you have coupons
4_star My salad, The Don Quixote with chicken, was delicious as always! The difference between 4 and 5 stars is cleanliness. The dining room is littered with empty bowls, cups and dis-shoveled chairs. The fountain drink and silverware counters could use a wiping down.
1_star Non-sushi food was great, service was AWFUL. My husband & I went to the Cowfish for lunch on Monday 12/27. First, the hostess screwed up our wait for a table- took down our name, told us to wait 20 mins, then couldn't find out name, told us to wait again, then told us that our name was not lost but on the list the whole time. WTF? This ordeal took 20 mins on a Monday afternoon- hate to see what would've happened on a Friday night. Thankfully, 2 seats were available at the bar, which helped end our discussion with the hostess. Un-thankfully, the bartender/ waiter was a total prick- because he wasn't paying attention to us (kept looking over our shoulder to someone/ something?), we had to repeat our order 3 times (even pointing to the items on the menu) before he got it right. We ordered the coconut battered onion rings as an appetizer, which were divine. Too bad our bartender forgot our request for plates for the onion rings because there were coconut crumbs all over the bar. He was a little annoyed that he had to wipe up all the crumbs. I ordered the sushi nigiri combo with wonton soup. The california rolls didn't taste any better than what you get at the supermarket and the dumplings in the wonton soup were still frozen on the inside. The soup broth was luke warm. My husband ordered the cowfish original burger with fries. He said it was good, but he's had better at other restaurants. During the entire meal, our bartender never refilled our empty soda glasses and wasn't around during much of our meal. After sitting around for 15 mins with empty plates & empty soda glasses, we had to ask a different bartender for the check. When our original bartender finally showed up with the check, he was not happy at all when he saw our living social coupon. After the coupon, our bill was $2.38. He practically threw the bill at us with a scowl on his face- no smile, no thank you, no "come back & see us next time." I guess he's not a fan?? We still left him at 15% tip on the entire $32.38 bill, which we feel he did not deserve. Will we go back to the Cowfish? No, even if there's another living social coupon. If I want to eat a frozen wonton in lukewarm soup, I'll do it at home. If I want mediocre sushi, I'll go to the supermarket. If I want a burger at a sit-down restaurant with excellent service, I'll go to Big Daddy's and gladly pay full price.
3_star Service in store is great. If you phone to order, you are left feeling like an inconvenience. Food is ok. Order fresh. Service has declined.
5_star My sushi chef at Ojah recommended this place over sora or monta, so trying both we figured why not. And I have to say this place combined the best of both worlds. Not to mention they have cool war time Asahi beer ads from Japan, just saying they're kind of cool.
3_star This has been one of our favorite spots for a long time,but the new bartender, Harry, CANNOT make a good margarita! Steve used to be there but now works at Renegade Canteen. Food is great and service good here though and worth trying.
2_star Place is nice but , it Took more than 30min to be seated (we were told it takes 5-10min as they were cleaning the tables) Tried Cesar's salad, not good at all... Too salty ( no one could finish it) My friend had Sprite for drink, they filled it up with water when it was half-empty!!
2_star What are you looking for in a restaurant in the suburbs? If it's lots of beer and a beer hall atmosphere you are going to love National Westhills. The downtown beer hall comes to a neighbourhood near you with its long tables and benches and incredible craft beer selection. There are currently 72 brands of craft beer from small North American breweries on tap. Pretty impressive. All the draught is one price so you can make a decision based on appeal alone. You can get a glass for $6, pint for $8.5, stein for $14 or a flight for $15. One interesting selection is a mead from Fallentimber. A family honey business turned meadery in Water Valley, Alberta. Sitting down we could find no kids'menu and the National fare is not sympathetic to young picky eaters. While we love the oyster bar, charcuterie, beet & goat cheese salad, clam chowder, glory bowl, and lobster sliders our kids were uncertain of most of the content. Enter macaroni and cheese minus the beef short rib & oxtail ragu. Our kids also enjoyed the popcorn and tater tots with ranch. The newest National location has a few hiccups that will be smoothed with time. The servers, who seemed to be just kids themselves, approached us like apologetic fawns. While we were in the washroom our server cleared my unfinished beer and Nancy's Q water. She had some water in her glass and one third of the bottle remaining before it was swiftly removed in our absence. If your kids are foodies and Grandma is limber enough to swing a leg over a bench or sit at a bar height table you will have some fun family times at National Westhills. Otherwise get a sitter and knock back one of the craft beers with your buddies.
4_star Came here around 7:30pm on a week night .... packed.... waited for 45 min as they do not take reservations. If you go as a big group- good luck! you wont get seated unless you whole group was present. Food was delish, a little expensive .....and portions were on the smaller side. Place is really small, service wasn't too great. Maybe they should hire more servers. Had to wait for awhile to get water and for refills.
3_star Mediocre lunch spot. Reasonably priced. I had the taco salad with carnitas (pork), the salad seemed fresh and the pork was really good there just was not very much of it at all. The chips were cold and not very crunchy but fine. My husband had the steak burrito with no complaints. The service was fine and fast.
2_star So decided to make a trip to Jamie's restaurant for some good food and ambience. Eight weeks after opening, its now a first come first serve, no reservations. Waited 3 hours for a table of five. Does that make sense? Why? Noticed a party of 6 who waited less time and were seated ahead of us, hmm. Another table of 12 is seated ahead of us. Manager, told they don't seat a party of 5 in a table of 6. Why would they lose that one seat. Really? Translation/interpretation, if u don't like it u can leave. Not a good start, and the attitude from the Manager, was astonishing. Once I complained further, got a table of 4 in which they seated 5. So ambience was missing...and accommodation. The food, ordered the garlic bread and ravioli fritti's. Ravioli frittis were very good. Garlic bread was a Naan (homemade pizza dough) with garlic bread and rosemary, really? Main course, salmon and the 10oz ribeye, both were very good. The ribeye was very thin for a steak, but was tasty. No time for dessert as we were very tired. The waiter was very accommodating and friendly, a positive. Overall, my experience at Jaime's: money over customer experience, food was nothing special or different then other similar type restaurants. Two words, very disappointed.
1_star I will NEVER go back to this restaurant again. I ordered 1/2 Seafood Cobb salad and the Single tail Lobster dinner. We were a party of 14. They brought me a Cesar salad and when I told the server it wasn't what I ordered, he said he was sorry and would bring back what I ordered. I never again saw my salad. Everyone got their order except me. They were almost done by the time I got my order. The food was nothing extraordinary and the lobster didn't seem like it was fully cooked. My husband didn't get his shrimp/crab cocktail and finally got it with his meal. Uhh, appetizer? When I finally got the check I noticed they charged me for the salad I did not receive. When I mentioned it to our "server" (and I use the term loosely) he said he would take care of it. At no point did I see the credit for the salad. When I checked my credit card bill, guess what? No credit for the salad. Since the party was so large, gratuity was added to each bill. Too bad. The service was unacceptable and the food was nothing to write home about. Like I said NEVER, NEVER again!
3_star This is my second trip to this place. Burgers are good. I tried the veggie burger this time. I enjoyed it. However, the service was remarkably slow dor a Thursday night at 5pm. I ordered my food about 5 minutes after everyone else at my table. They all got their drinks, but I didn't get mine. After about 20 minutes (maybe more) I flagged down our waiter and told him to cancel my drink. He brought it to me on the house, which was nice. My food also came much longer after the rest of the people I was with. I had to ask the waiter what was taking so long. Good spot if you are in N.D.G. but would not drive across town for it.
2_star This small hidden lounge belies some surprisingly good food! My wife and I used to enjoy the fish tacos and steak salad. Mingo was staple for my wife and I until early September. We took some family there from out of town. My sister-in-law complained that her taco tasted of mold. My first two tacos were fine... until I ordered a second round of tacos. We told the manager and he took my sister-in-law's tacos back because she was no longer hungry. My second set of tacos came and after the next bite, it would be my last. I could taste the mold. Unfortunately, it was hard to tell if it was the flour shell or the salad garnishment. Regardless, I told the manager again about the mold and he asked if I wanted to replace them. I said "no thanks." It's a shame that a place with pretty good food is now on our blacklist.
3_star Not a fan of this place, it's alright but def. doesn't compare to L&L even though they are pretty much copying everything. The macaroni salad tastes terrible! Meat is really overcooked and doesn't have good flavor. Would recommend going somewhere else.
4_star We recently moved to Fountain Hills and have been here four or five times. Here are our favorites. The flatbread/pizzas. They are exceptional; thin crispy crust and always with fresh stuff on top. If they have a special pizza, I would order it. The Gattopardo with arugula/prosciutto was the closest thing to the pizza we loved in Italy. My mouth is still watering over the Chicken Piccata. My husband had the marsala and that was great too. The calamari is fun if you have a group. We like to go and have a glass of wine, salads and share a flatbread. That is plenty for us. Other people reviewed that the portions were small, I would say the portions are "normal" and for the price, I think fine. It is nicely family run, with good service but not smothering. Maria works the front of the house. Her husband works the wood fired pizza oven. By the third time we were there, they welcomed us like we were family.
1_star My husband and I went here for lunch during the week and it was terrible. The portions are small, the service is well below average and the food was not good. We ordered the pulled pork sandwich , and it was extremely dry. The burger was ok, but the fries were burned and salty. Never Again!
5_star Tonight my husband and I visited Cleveland Tiffin and we were thoroughly satisfied with our experience. Before I get into sharing about the food, I must express how friendly and personable Anup and everyone at Tiffin were. While waiting for our food, Anup shared fascinating information about Tiffin Carriers in India. I will continue to learn more about this process on my own. Now on to the dinner, I am vegan so I ordered the Palak Paneer and traded out the paneer for tofu extra spicy. I also ordered Vegetable Biryani extra spicy. This was a delicious meal. The spinach and tofu was so flavorful and fresh and the Biryani was aromatic and addictive. My husband orders the Chicken Tika Masla. He also enjoyed his dish as well. The portions are large so I have a lot of food left over to eat. All dishes are made to order...like a homemade meal. With that in mind, prepare to order a couple of hours before you plan to eat dinner. It is definitely worth the wait.
4_star This is our "go-to" place when I'm craving Thai. My husband and I call ahead for pick up when we want Pad Thai, Basil Thai Chicken, Papaya Salad and Red Curry Beef. Nice and simple.
4_star This place is awesome! They have such good food and drinks and it's so cheap! The atmosphere is awesome and so is the waitstaff!
5_star This is hands down the best burger I've ever purchased. The fries are excellent as well. The only thing i could wish for would be for them to offer free range organic beef.
3_star Went here for a office function, there were about 65-70 of us. They accommodated us very nicely in a semi-private area. The food is OK- better than Mandarin of course. But I would not go here unless its compulsory
4_star A good mixed crowd age wise which is nice- mostly people who like good food and want a nice dinner out- not too fancy but nice enough. The free bean dip/bread is a nice unique offering. The garden side salad was yummy and different than what you'd typically get. The quinoa puff appetizer was good but nothing compared to the ginormous pork chop on top of goat cheese chive whipped potatoes I got- deliciously prepared. My hubby got the crab cakes and risotto which was equally as amazing. We really were impressed with this place- I think it is totally flying under the radar for how solid it is. We will definitely be back but hope the menu changes up every once in awhile as there aren't a whole lot of options. My one suggestion- educate your servers about gluten allergies- it's a pretty common question, especially in fine dinging and my server had absolutely no idea what gluten even was.
4_star I've always loved this place. You have to try the shredded beef salad. It's the best thing on the menu by far! And the house dressing is delicious. Kids get a free cheese quesadilla when you order an adult entree which is great. This specific location has never had super friendly employees... I just remember the Gilbert location being so nice and this one is lacking in that department.
1_star So I call to order a Salad and some Meatballs for take out. Well for more than 45min I try to call, and at first no answer what so ever, just rings and rings, then it just starts going to voicemail immediately. I call and I call and I call. Nothing no one answer but voicemail I mean WT@, what kind of restaurant does not answer their phone during business hours. The ironic and even sadder thing is that on their voicemail they tell you if your calling for takeout don't leave a message, call back and talk to someone to place your order. lol Are you kidding me! Talk to someone??? Maybe I would if someone would answer the phone. Obviously they know this is an issue otherwise why leave that message about take out. I guess they just don't care So I call my wife to tell her that I have been unable to get through, as she is already on her way there because she naturally thought the order would have been placed by now, she tells me she will just place the order when she gets there. Well guess what? She gets there to place the order and they tell her that it will be more than an hour wait. An hour wait for Salad and Meatball's? What a JOKE! Tell me how does it take an hour to make salad and stick some already cooked meatballs in a to-go container with some sauce and get you on your way??? I WILL NEVER SPEND ANOTHER DIME IN THIS PLACE EVER. HAVE A NICE DAY! Lamp Pizzeria
2_star The regular burgers are too small, go for the large...however, stuff is expensive here and quality not that great...I have lately experienced dry meat and stale buns. Like the homemade shakes, especially the special creamsicle one they featured. Although this place isn't bad in a pinch, I would opt for Red Robin, Cook Out, or Five Guys first.
1_star worst restaurant downtown, I tried the tasting menu twice, the first time looks great, but recently I don't know what happened, the food looks terrible, taste terrible, overlooked, salty , and even bitter, we spent 300+ for two , I feel like I just want to pay 3 dollars.
5_star Best pho and yellow curry on the planet - bar none. When I travel I can no longer order yellow curry because I know I will only be disappointed. Everything else Ive tried on the menu is also superior. Give the Singapore noodles a whirl - addictive. Ask for Diane - her sparkling personality and passion for her work will make your day.
3_star Walking into the Diner I got a very cliquish feel, just a general cold and indifferent treatment. I wasn't greeted right off the bat, I asked him if it's seat yourself and I got a bit of an attitude. The booth I sat at had service setup for two people but there was semidried syrup on the table and crumbs, like they just set the table without cleaning it. I had the sausage gravy and biscuits that came with eggs, it was a brown gravy, mediocre at best, but the biscuits were tasty. The hash browns were nothing to write home about, just your standard hydrate in carton hash browns, for the price it was not a good value and I declined the eggs that was included in the meal . The service was so so, no one came and asked me how my food was. I came with it and my bill wasn't adjusted accordingly? to reflect the fact that I didn't get eggs with a meal. I'm comparing this to my experience at Fred diners and Akron which the food is phenomenal
2_star I honestly have no idea what any of the other reviewers are talking about. I went here with my family and of the 5 of us, not one had a decent meal. Let me start with the pros for the restaurant, since that will be short. The place has a nice ambiance, and the drinks are good. My mom got an Old Fashioned on accident, not realizing what it was and she hated it, so I drank it and I have to say it was made well. She said it was so strong she grew hair on her chest, but it's one of my favorites and I thoroughly enjoyed it. Now let's get to the food, or what little of it we got. My brother's girlfriend paid $13 for a single, solitary crab cake. My brother and her just started dating, so I didn't really want to ask her how her tiny serving was because she was being quiet. For $13 I hope they crushed some valium in there or something, or else she got ripped off. I hope she and my brother make it though, she seems nice. My brother got the small portion of the hot legs. I think he enjoyed his frog leg. That's not a typo, they only gave him one. I understand he got the "small" size, but doesn't 1 seem less like a small, and more like a Baskin Robbins sample size? Don't most frogs come with 4 legs? I know they aren't that hard to catch, I did it in a really tiny creek when I was 8 with nothing more than my hands and a bucket to keep them in. Yet they must be really hard to come by when you have a Great Lake, grown men, and actual fishing equipment to catch them so you need to make your small portion size 1 frog leg. The next 3 meals all suffered from the same problem, so I'll lump them into one section. My dad got a pasta (I think) with shrimp, and grits on the side. I got the voodoo mama or whatever it's called, and my mom got the jambalaya. We all had different meats (shrimp, sausage, and chicken), and we all had very, very little of it. My dad probably only got 7 shrimp for his meal, and they looked like the tiniest shrimp I've ever seen. Picture a shrimp giving birth to a baby shrimp, then shooting the baby with a shrink ray. That's what he got. For mine I had to go on a search mission to find any sausage. The chef blessed me with 5 thin, completely dried out pieces of pork. I debated putting them in my water to rehydrate them a little so they wouldn't be the consistency of beef jerky, but my brother was looking hungry after his frog leg and if I put them anywhere within his arm's reach he would have snatched them for himself. The jambalaya had the exact same problem as the voodoo mama, very very little meat. My mom didn't say if it was bad, she said she forgot how it tasted because she ate all the chicken right away thinking there would be more in there. They did have a crapload of rice in each dish, so thanks for that. Thanks for filling my plate with the cheapest possible food you could find hoping I wouldn't notice(?) the lack of protein in any of our dishes. The red beans on mine were decent (not great), the collared greens were bland, and the rice (all 3 pounds you used to make the plate look like a real dinner) was seasoned ok, actually. If I went here for the rice I would have been pleased, I guess. My dad thought his grits were tasteless. I told him that's how I remember having them from other places, but he said Bahama Breeze does them about a million times better. I don't think that's saying much, I could make food a million times better than what we had, and just last weekend I burned breakfast (I was making cereal). I also once burned my chest with bacon grease, but somehow it was in the shape of Ohio (GO BROWNS!) so that was cool. I was sad when it eventually faded away, I was hoping the grease would permanently mark my body with a nature-made Ohio tattoo. This is getting off topic so I'll digress: Do not get food here at all. Drinks, sure. The extremely tiny portion size of the food you want will disappoint your taste buds and make you wish you were anywhere else eating anything else (except maybe soap. Yeah, their food tastes better than soap by a tiny margin.) So there ya go, I hope somebody takes this into consideration if they're thinking of going here.
4_star Great lunch specials. Good New York "Godfather" feel to the place.
3_star Good take-out Indian at affordable prices. Portions are generous, and food is not overly oily or salty, which I find to be the case at many Indian places. They have plenty of veg selections, I love the okra dish. It is a bit light on the spice, but perhaps I just haven't ordered the spicier dishes. I also love the little container of rice pudding that you get with take-out meals.
1_star If you want good ramen, Sansotei is not too far away, I'm very disappointed at Kinton, they used to be good but the quality just keep going down hill, visited this store last week and it's the last time...
5_star One of my favorite places to get a drink and a great meal largely because you can't bet the beautiful and relaxing atmosphere! You can sit right next to the golf course while watching the sun set over the mountains and service is always fast and friendly
1_star This location used to be good. It's gone down hill fast. Last few times I've visited the service was extremely slow, the cashier's were rude and on my latest visit she charged me for a large plate when I ordered a small. The manger was unfriendly when I tried to engage with him and why is it always freeeeezing in there. Clearly Gambo hasn't been to this Pei Wei. Never again.
2_star Some days they're on point, a lot of days they're not. Typical bar food/pizza joint. Every time we order delivery, at least one thing is wrong with the order. Gets annoying but food is alright and it's close and fast, so we'll probably keep them in our lineup for the foreseeable future.
2_star We used to make the trek up to East blvd. until this one opened. Always love the summer rolls, chicken in red curry sauce, and pad gra pow. However, the last two times we went (it has been a while, hesitant to go back) we had lower quality food. First, my husband bit on a plastic disk found in a mouthful of rice. When we told the manager (we had been there several times and she recognized us) she simply claimed that happens and made no reparations. The next time the chicken was tough and rubbery in the curry. She blamed her cook who she said was Hispanic and therefore didn't know how to make Thai? Think I will either make the trek to East for consistently good food and service or hit the local Thai in Blakeney for a quick bite.
5_star Amazing food! I live Mexican food, but Puerto Rican food.... Wow! Try the pernil and empanadas! Malta Goya and flan was great too! Definitely coming back with friends!
2_star Ill give two stars but ONLY, because our server was awesome. Other than that save yourself at least $20 and go across the street to the Texas Roadhouse. It was a Saturday night, so we did have to wait, but I would say it wasnt any longer than 10 minutes. the staff was nice, and friendly, and as I stated before our server was great! The food however was not we ordered the Parmesan Crusted Asparagus for an appetizer which was ok but lacked any real flavor. My boyfriend got a a 6 oz sirloin with mashed potatoes a chopped salad and a side of sauteed mushrooms and grilled shrimp. I opted for the Napa Chicken with the corkscrew mac n cheese w/bacon. The highlight of our meal had to be the shrimp. It was cooked perfectly, and who can go wrong with lemon and melted butter. The rest was just not very good, the steak was overcooked, and the sauteed mushrooms were not fresh, they were undoubtly from a can The chicken was cooked well but definitely needed salt, and pepper. The chicken came topped with artichoke hearts roasted tomatos and Portobello mushrooms. The tomato and mushroom were fresh, but the artichokes were pickled and it threw the taste of the dish off. The mashed potaotes and mac and cheese were the same as the asparagus and were mediocre at best, and the salad, well it was definitely from a bag and I wouldn't be surprised if the dressing was as well. After tip the bill was close to $70. Not worth it by a long shot. We will not be going back.
5_star Love, Love, Love this placee!!! I would give it more stars if that was possible. My meat-eating family loves it just as much as me. We have eaten off the menu and from the buffet. The menu has almost too many wonderful things to choose from and the buffet is stocked with lots of great dishes, soup, salad, fruit, and cake. Other than the perfectly-seasoned, creative, and delicious food, the restaurant, and most imprtantly, the bathroom, is spotless. Great job!
4_star Made with LOVE!! Wonderful food made by great peeps.
3_star A friend and I discovered this spot after trying unsuccessfully to secure reservations at several Distillery District restaurants. We were looking for a nice meal before attending a play at Soulpepper. The entrance to the restaurant is actually inside the entrance to a commercial building. Our wait staff was friendly and efficient. We shared a large roasted beet salad which easily could feed three and a zucchini pizza. Both were tasty although the beets were a tad on the mushy side and the pizza crust was somewhat soggy, not crisp. We also split a 1/2 bottle of wine. The washrooms are outside the restaurant itself and are available to anyone in the building in general. All in all a reasonably priced, good meal within an easy walking distance (10 minutes) of the theatre.
1_star Obivously here in Phoenix, we can't get top grade sushi, so this place is okay. (I usually do not order sushi but other dishes) The quality of the food is bearable but the service you get, not so. It seems from other reviews this place does this quite often to its customers but my girlfriends I went for a brief lunch on Friday and asked to have our bill split. When the old Japanese waitress heard that, she got really irritated and said "we'll add tip to your bill". WHAT?? for splitting a check you have to add on the gratuity? Since there were four of us, we thought, okay whatever. When it was time for us to order, some of us were bit hesitant trying to decide and the waitress got all frustrated and showed it on her face like she didn't want to be there. OMG, it wasn't like the place was crowded with customers, she had only two other tables and she was working with another waitress. And after we ordered, she NEVER CAME BACK to our table!!!! When the food came that was the only time she came back to give us our food, and never came back to check on our drinks or to see if we needed anything. Fortunately the other young waitress came and tried to tend to our table which was nice of her. Finally the bill came and she wrote everything down on one sheet and total was like around $59.xx for four of us, and she added 11.80 for tip. So I asked her if it was cutomary for them to add 20% gratuity. Then she rolls her eyes and goes "it's 18%, not 20%" What? I may not be a math genius but that is about 20% not 18% that she claimed. My girlfriends and I did not want to make a big deal out of 2% difference so we left it at that. But to be honest, I did not want to leave any tip for her. I couldn't believe they tagged on gratuitiy simply because we asked to have our bill split. This was the second visit we wished we had our lunch somewhere else. I guess we're not coming back here anymore.
4_star Customer service can vary but is generally good. When they first opened I found that they were clearing the products before the store closed which was frustrating and gave a sense of not wanting my business. But, haven't noticed that lately. Their in-house convenience products are amazing. The Quebec butter has changed my life - I can't eat anything else now.
3_star Good environment, great food, ridiculously overpriced for Indian fare. Consider this more a lounge than a restaurant.
4_star I reunited with two high school friends in Phoenix, Arizona last Spring! Thank goodness not in the extreme summer heat! The other girlfriend flew in from Maryland and we both met up with our friend who gave birth to a baby girl who now lives in Phoenix. Phoenix girl suggested dim sum and to go to this decent chinese restaurant across town. I was hesitant since coming from bay area, we have really good dim sum in the area but nevertheless Maryland girl was craving some chinese food hence dim sum was it. We arrived at 11am and secured a table for 3. As we started indulging in our food, we noticed the stream of people coming in....suprisingly the food was fresh, tasty and decently priced. It was a memorable reunion nonetheless. :)
5_star This place was great. The wings were the best I had and the pizza had the most stretchy cheese. :) Always best eaten hot and never warm. ^^ I also liked the rice dishes. You won't be disappointed. The environment is more of an urban and youth theme. I really enjoy listening to the pop and kpop while enjoying my meal. The art was also nice too. A great place with friends and maybe dates ;)
4_star We were seated in a booth near the kitchen. It was fun to look in and see the wood-burning pizza oven and to watch the meat slicer in action. I did think it was strange that the hostess was the one cutting the prosciutto on the meat slicer though, but she was wearing gloves, so that was good. We ordered a number of things to share, starting with the Arancini and Beef Tartare. The arancini were good. Served four to an order, they were crisp on the outside and smooth and creamy on the inside served with a spicy tomato sauce. Beef Tartare: The waitress said that this dish has a following. People come in just to order this. My date and I had never tried anything tartare before, but we were feeling adventurous, so we went for it! I'm glad we did. I can't say that I'll be returning just for this dish, but it was a good experience. You get a relatively small amount of beef, but really, how much raw meat do you need to eat in one sitting? It comes on a massive salty cracker topped with a boiled quail egg, cheese, anchovies, and radishes. There's a lot of flavor just on that cracker. Break a bit off, add some beef and BOOM. You're hit with all those savory flavors and a crisp and cold combination. It's a little pricey at $13.00, but definitely worth a try. My date is a big fan of mussels, so of course he wanted the Prince Edward Island Mussels. He really enjoyed them, served with pork belly, wine, tomato and garlic broth. He drank the broth without hesitation. We also tried the wood-fired pizza with Italian sausage, fresh mozzarella pearls, broccoli rabe, garlic and red chili flakes. Good flavors, but the crust was a little limp in the center of the pizza. Not sure if it was because it was too thin, or there was too much moisture on it, but it was a bit sad. Hopefully that was just a fluke though. Looking forward to going back to try more!
4_star You know a pho place must be decent if your friend from Vietnam find this place to be the most authentic. Prices range around $9-$12 which is a little bit pricier than what I'm used to but quality wise this place is pretty good. Portion wise, it isn't the largest but it should suffice until your next meal. This place is cash only, don't be mislead by the menu cover which implies that they accept card. Ive had the beef noodle soups and the bun bu hue. Both are very good so if you aren't sure what to get, I'd recommend either.
3_star I give it three stars only because I have been such a fan of this place in the past. In fact, last time I was there I came back bragging to all of my friends that I had found the best steak in the world. This time, not so much... Or at least it wasn't $65 worth. First off, when we ordered drinks at the bar, the cocktail waitress really didn't know what they had for scotch or rum, then she took 30 minutes to bring us our drinks. I already mentioned the steak, which was a big let down. Then, I requested that the waiter ask the chef to grill my asparagus, the waiter said, "no problem, we can cook it however you like." But when he brought them out, they were not grilled so he went back for more... When he came back out he served them to me steamed al dente. He said that, "apparently this was just too difficult for the chef." I don't mean to be picky but at these prices, I think that is my right. I like my pasta al dente and my asparagus char broiled.
1_star How hard is it to take an espresso order? 2 single shots of espresso please... Can I have them in one cup please... That's two single separate shots. Two times the amount of ground coffee. NOT DOUBLE SHOT(double the water)!!!
2_star I'm a little familiar with Spinato's as I've visited their Tempe location a few times. Pizza has always been great, so when Spinato's opened in Ahwatukee I couldn't wait to visit and try some of their other items. I was pretty underwhelmed by the whole experience. Italian bread is $1.99 for something that really should be complimentary. I guess this is a sign of the times, though, so I wouldn't hold that against them if the bread was tasty. But unfortunately, it was nothing special, so please don't waste your money. There was zero flavor and nothing "Italian" about it. I personally had basic spaghetti with marinara sauce. The sauce was good, but the portion was small for the price ($7.49). Again, not very surprising. What I was surprised about was the amount of time two simple plates of spaghetti took to come out. I'm usually not one to compare the speed of my food to others in the restaurant, because I know food takes different times to prepare and all, but I have do it this time. While we were waiting I had time to observe a table of five that were ordering at the table next to us. They spent quite some time giving all of their picky special requests, yet they still received their food before us. All of that before two simple plates of spaghetti? I was very disappointed with the service we received. There were employees everywhere, and everyone was very pleasant, but I do feel like our server ignored us to pay more attention to the table next to us. I don't think it was a coincidence that this other table had four servings of alcohol. I guess he didn't want to waste time on us when he thought he'd be getting a bigger tip from them. Again, while waiting for our food I had time to look around and I saw another one of his tables (also without alcohol) being ignored as well. The only time he seemed to make us a priority was when a manager came over and asked if everything was okay. Then he rushed right over to clear our plates and ask if we needed dessert. I'll still give them another shot and pick up a pizza in the future, but I'll stay away from dining in.
5_star I love this place! Just popped in not knowing anything about it and was really happy I found it! Sat at the bar for a tasty glass of wine and was so pleased to have a wonderful bartender, Heather, who actually had a personality! A great personality! Heather went above and beyond to tell me all about the place, the menu, and helped me get a great seat at the cozy fireplace. I know this will be my new favorite place because I felt right at home from the minute I walked in the door, thanks to Heather! By the way...I was a single female walking in here and usually don't get treated so nicely as a single female. I will be back often! Highly recommended!
4_star Ça fait deux fois que je viens à Montréal et deux fois que je vais à fisshu! Je me régale! Ces les japonais en illimité, c'est pour moi ! Je n'ai jamais été déçu! Le terryaki de saumon, le sushi fraise ou banane, l'il du dragon et bien sûr tout le reste étaient très bon ! Si je retourne à Montréal, j'y retourne !
5_star Authentic fare, wonderfully prepared. Everybody is friendly and polite. We ordered pho and spring rolls and they were excellent. We want to go back and try some other selections.
2_star Our party of 4 arrived at 7:30 pm on a Thursday night and were promptly seated at a table in the front by the bar. There was no wait and only a few tables were full. A waitress came over and introduced herself, but listed off two other names of staff that would be helping out as well because they were all also behind the bar?? So clearly understaffed from the moment we sat down given they weren't busy at all. The next 2 hours (yes a simple dinner took 2 hours) consisted of at least 15/20 min between the time a person would stop at our table and we would then see no one. The food was pretty good and came out at a decent speed until we finished eating and moved to dessert. Almost 30 min for 2 milkshakes and cake to come. When it arrived a manager dropped off the lemon cake dessert with a bowl of vanilla ice cream that had melted into soup and made a joke about not charging for the dessert bc their freezer is broken and nobody realized it the whole night. This was a mildly concerning statement to us as we didn't know what food was kept in the freezer at a restaurant serving sushi. After no apology for the wait time, or empty waters and not being able to find a waitress, he then circled again and yelled out how's the soup as he passed laughing. I understand that some things are outside of control but the way the situation was handled was less than desirable. An apology for a 2 hour dining experience on a Thursday night in an empty restaurant would have been merited and instead we got jokes about melting food from the manager on duty.
5_star Delicious, cheap, the food keeps on coming. The shrimp balls and custard cakes are amazing.
1_star The Big Cheese? I'm sorry, but this place should really be called "Fries and Gravy". There were hardly any curds. I'd give it 4 stars if the big cheese served big cheese, but they don't. I heart poutine. I hope they pick up the slack. That is all. EDIT: You can order extra curds for $1.25. You need to add curdsx 3 to make it reasonable. Makes a small poutine about ~$11. You decide.
4_star Two glasses of Malbec and a plate of lobster fritters, to get things started. Wow. Finally, great food. Crispy on the outside, light and fluffy on the inside. Great taste and texture. These could become my new food group. Entrees. For me fish tacos (fried) with house side; for her Combine meatloaf with garlic mash and slaw. Three choices of hot sauce at the ready. I am impressed with this place. Very impressed. My mustard vinagrette was perfect and everything was fresh. Great balance of flavour in the tacos and did I say fresh; as in homemade tortillas fresh. My significant other could not finish her meal, so I rose to the occasion. Amazing meatloaf. If you have never experimented with blending ground meat, you need to try this. Now. Meatloaf, burgers....etc. It adds another level of flavour to the plate and helps maintain moisture. The wrapping of double smoked bacon, just melts in your mouth. In a world of poor mega portion platings, (1 kebab and 4 cups of rice) this was spot on and is just what this area needs. Close to transit and great food. It would have been a 5 star if it wasn't for the inquisitive wasp and the noise. We were only 1 of three seatings in the place at the tme and it was LOUD. Some may like that kind of environment, not me. Grab some friends, go here. Everybody order something different and sample. The service is top notch and very friendly. It doesn't get much better than this. Enjoy.
4_star Don't let your cab driver talk you out of going here. Mine tried to, something about the recession and "old" food and bad neighborhoods and and and. I think he was just OCD or something. This little Italian place has very good food, the prices are reasonable for Las Vegas and a lot less than what you would pay for a comparable meal on the strip. The bruschetta appetizer was light, flavorful, and on a piece bread toasted just right. My ribeye steak with a reduced balsamic sauce was cooked just right and I would definitely have it again. So the what are the downsides? Well it is located off of the strip in the lobby of an apartment building between a Papa John's pizza and a massage parlor. Sounds worse than it really is. Its Vegas. There a A LOT of massage parlors around! The Caesar salad was a bit bland for my taste, but still pretty good. The restaurant was also not as busy as I would like. There were only three parties in the place on a Thursday night during the peak dinner hour. I have no idea why this place is not busier, but it does make for a nice quiet atmosphere and great service. Go figure.
3_star I have to believe that the Craft Table and Tap is still a work in progress. I have been a few times and I am/was hoping to find similar menu and quality as Coopers. I tried the burgers which were pretty good but the fries were not hot? This is a basic. Appetizers are OK but everything is fried. The Mac and Cheese side is boring. Salads are good! I found the bar service to be better than the table service - I'm not sure why? Finally, I like the beer selection. It would be great if they could have more rotating beers (say 5 or 6) based on special available craft beers. The only thing is the prices for a glass of beer. I think that $4 or $5 a glass is enough for them to make their fair profit. Is it trying to be a regular tavern? Then lower prices and options. I think the market is looking for a bistro with better food options (less fried food and some entrees). I will keep going back for a while because I want them to make it. Something is still not right.
3_star This was my third trip here and it was a bit of a let down after the last two. I met my girlfriend here at 6pm on Sunday night and the place was fairly empty so we were seated quickly. The waitstaff was on top of their game and even as the place filled up the waiters managed to make sure our glasses were full and we had what we needed. As with other trips we ordered the oxtail fries which are one of my favorite things on the planet. This time they were a bit underwhelming but still good. We also ordered the duck steamed buns which were cold when they arrived but still good, particularly the dipping sauce. We split a Kiki burger which was very good but not nearly as good as blue and green. Maybe we were there on an off night but the food was just mediocre and when you are paying $60 for two appetizers, one burger and two domestic beers you expect excellence.
3_star I was here the other day for lunch and, as expected, there was a bit of a line. That's usually a good sign, and in this case it's definitely true. But waiting for a table isn't all bad; there's lots to see in this place: kitchy cute decor and lots of memoribilia that reminded me of my childhood. When I was there, the place was cramped and full of hungry people, but everyone was in good spirits. When I look at the menu, i always find it difficult to make a choice. They've got a big, diverse menu with both savory and sweet items. All of it looks delicious. First off, I'm a vegetarian, but, like to get the breakfast pocket, sans pemeal bacon of course. It's chock full of fluffy eggs, caramelized onions, mayo and cheddar cheese on a warm and soft onion bun. Aunties and Uncles encourages you to choose between a few sides, but I've never chose anything but the potato salad. Seriously, this stuff is good. A great combo of chunky red potatoes, dill, Dijon and spices, it's savoury and creamy. Admittedly, my food did and usually does take a bit of time to arrive, so if you go, don't go when you're in a hurry. Fruit juices and iced teas are good choices, but I wouldn't finish off with an espresso as they may suggest. Their espresso is nothing special and just plain weak, and it certainly doesn't stand up to Manic coffee located just a few doors down. If you're craving an after-meal-caffiene-fix, I'd suggest you head over to Manic. Aunties and Uncles loses points in service. The service staff seem a bit cold, sorta aloof, and alot grouchy, but despite if you're willing to overlook that, then this is worth a visit if you're in the College & Bathurst area.
1_star Service is all over the place. Inconsistent. Aloof. Partial treatment. One of the young waitresses caters to regulars. For example, the other day she went out of her way to hand plastic cups to her group of friends and offered to individually pour them water. Why not treat all of your customers that way? I felt like I was in high school again: extremely cliquey. I've also observed that one of the male workers gave free desserts to a family and a big block of feta cheese to a couple next to us. Perhaps they were good friends. But that's irrelevant. Again, why not hand out free desserts & blocks of feta cheese to all of your customers? Inconsistent quality of food. One day my falafel sandwich was amazing - a mind-blowing experience. But then a month later my falafel sandwich was a dismal disappointment. There was no plump, well-cooked warm falafel inside of my pita sandwich. Instead there were tiny bits of cold leftover crumbles of falafel thrown inside a soggy, almost inedible rubbery pita. I complained to the waitress expecting a brand new falafel wrap to be made. Instead she came back and handed me a plate of four disproportionately sized falafel; not a single one was in the nice shape of a medium-sized ball - one looked like an elongated, stretched out elephant turd, the other was in the form of a tiny black dot. Plus it was overly cooked (crispy & burnt). I'm guessing this was left over scraps from a burnt stove. She told me to just "throw it in" my wrap as she quickly walked away. What's the point in eating "good tasting" food if you're preoccupied with horrible customer service? You cannot enjoy the food much less digest it properly. Also, the establishment seems to exude a certain element of Arabic/Lebanese elitism. Which probably explains the partial treatment of their "favorite" customers. FYI: I strongly encourage you to go to Haji Baba. Consistent, excellent quality of food and most importantly: impartial treatment & welcoming/friendly customer service.
4_star The southwest burger is awesome with its jalapeño bacon, wow!!! My gf ordered the chicken bltg. The chicken breast was huge, juicy, and flavorful, just how I like'em. We also shared a side if onion rings. They were crispy and not dripping oil. And they were very generous with their bacon servings
4_star It was my first time here .I really liked the place the food was good and the server was nice and polite. The only thing that spoiled the lovely experience was the check where the price of my drink wasn't the same as on the menu. The server fixed it right away , and it was only a dollar difference bus still wasn't very pleasant So check you bill. Other than that I liked everything.
2_star First things first, when we walked in at 6:30 we were the only customers there. This should've been a warning sign. I ordered the chicken neptune - when it came it looked pretty gross. It looked as though a can of crab meat was dumped on top of the chicken. It was just overloaded with crab meat to the point where it was sickening. My fiancé ordered the ribs and couldn't even finish his meal with how bad they tasted. The only decent tasting food were the mashed potatoes. We were considering having our engagement dinner here but after our experience, there's no way we will ever go back.
1_star An overall conclusion I would like to make here, is that it doesn't matter what you order from the dingy basement-like atmosphere of Chapala's...it all tastes the same! I've been wanting to go here for so long and finally did, which was majorly disappointing. I ordered a chili relleno entree which included rice and beans. I also ordered a tamale on the side. Accompanied by a family member, she also ordered a similar entree with a side dish. Considering portion size, this place doesn't disappoint. Everything else? It heavily does. There was absolutely NO flavor in any of the food. My chili relleno was ice in the middle and had a strange taste, which implied that it wasn't made fresh and most likely brought in frozen. I wouldn't argue if their other food was "prepared" the same way. This explains how our food came out quickly, wasn't even hot and tasted heavily of just salty refrigeration. I glanced over at other cutomers' plates and everything just looked the same...uniform, flavorless and just overall, no excitement. Chapala's serves traditional mexican food but in the worst ways possible. There's nothing fresh here, no exuberant colors and flavors jumping out at you when tasting these foods. Just cold, old and dead. I could say the same about the atmosphere as well as our waitress, who had the most odd-like personality I've ever encountered at a restaurant. No greetings, smiles or even explanations of anything, let alone talking. This place is dead, which also explains their 44 demerits they have just recently were closed for. I feel sick just thinking about it now.
2_star The employees were incredibly kind and even offered me something that was not available at the counter. I wasn't incredibly impressed with the flavors and felt there was some ingredient that I just didn't like in many of them. Not to mention, many of the ones I tried were very rich and I love rich flavors but I wasn't crazy about any of the ice creams. Maybe better luck next time- also felt the scoops were bit over priced.
3_star Went for dinner as a party of three. I absolutely LoVeD the Original Chopped Salad! Enough to check out and "like" its very own Facebook page. I ordered right. Five stars for my choice. We weren't terribly famished so we ordered a couple of sandwiches and the appetizer crab cake and decided to share. The gourmet grilled cheese sounded wonderful. Meh. None of us were impressed or even satisfied. The mashed potatoes really don't belong there, and their choice of cheeses was way to strong for us. Presentation however was five star all around. The fried bologna was a yum for two of the three of us and the crab cake was good. Service was good. Maybe we need to come back and order something off the dinner entree menu. That bring said, definitely order The Original Chopped Salad and try an entree!
3_star Food: 4/5 Service: 4/5 Atmosphere: 3.5/5 Food: Meat platter: good for sharing, consists of different meats including: pork jowl (delicious), beef (cooked very well, texture wasn't too chewy) and chicken thigh and drumstick (flavour was good but hard to share). It came with the ginger and green onion sauce, which I love. Soft shell crab rice: my favourite but a bit on the salty side. Papaya salad: with octopus . Refreshing on a hot day but nothing extraordinary. Their version of The beef spring roll?: the meat was the wrap, which surrounded a mouthful of cilantro. I hate cilantro, so needless to say I hated this dish, I didnt know when I ordered it. There aren't any descriptions under each item, so you have to ask the waiter. We did but I still failed to comprehend I guess. So warning: stay away from this dish if you aren't a fan of cilantro. Dessert was this yam and coconut ice cream? We weren't really sure what we were eating. Not sure if the yam was infused into the ice cream or if it was the bread-textured purple cubes under the ice cream. It is something interesting to try if you are feeling adventurous. I personally wouldn't order it again. Service: Great service. Our waiter was very informative and patient, especially since we had to ask him what everything on the menu was. For some reason, he was insistent on us ordering everything at the same time. We had a friend who came later, so we wanted to order her dish after, but he seemed to be highly aversed to it. Atmosphere: The decor is beautiful. There are no signs on the door. It looks like a regular home from the outside. The place is small. It's fun and intimate to bring a date because you can sit closer. Having said that, when you are going with four other girlfriends, whom you have known for many years, it was a little crowded for me. The five of us sat at a table for 4. These tables are smaller than the regular sized tables. Our dishes couldn't all fit on the table, along with our drinks. So I didnt like having to rush to finish a dish. Fun place to try, but not a place I would go back to again. Maybe I can the soft shelled crab rice to go?
5_star This native is a convenient location for myself! We have had nothing but great service at this location! The wings are extraordinary, just wish they ran wing specials all weekend just not Sunday!
2_star I have seen the stellar reviews of this place many times here and on other review sites, so I finally decided to check it out. Simply put: I don't get it. This place has so-so food (the falafel was pretty good, the salads were meh, the apple cake was decent, and nowhere near as healthy as some people think it is), and the owner is over the top--in a bad way--and even publicly berated his poor staff in front of me. I normally don't write negative reviews, however because I saw so many positive reviews with almost nothing negative, I really felt I had to provide some counter-balance. Will not return.
1_star the 1-star rating is based on my one and only visit, so take it w/ a grain of salt. i ordered the spic basil chicken lunch special which included a choice of white or fried rice (went with white) and soup or salad (went w/ egg drop soup). egg drop soup was ok but the peas and carrots in the soup were horrible. they just didn't taste real. the spicy basil chicken was indeed spicy (on a 1-5 spicy scale, i ordered a 3) but did not have a hint of basil in it. it just tasted horribly. on a good note (which earned it the 1-star), their thai tea was good. i wouldn't call this place thai...far from it. most of the food on their menu is chinese.
3_star The street tacos were excellent. I enjoyed the chicken, carne asada, and mahi mahi tacos. I ordered them a la carte so I didn't get the rice and beans on the side. My husband ordered some tacos with rice and beans and I noticed that the rice and beans looked very dry and a bit stale. I tried them and they definitely were not fresh. I looked over to the plates of others and the rice and beans looked the same. It is a shame that they serve the sides this way because the tacos were delicious.
5_star Been in twice already! Have had the same waiter David both times, hes super nice! My husband complained that it was too dark but it wasn't a deal breaker. For 2 drinks, 2 antipasti, 2 entrees ANDDDDDD 2 deserts it was about $100 before tip. Not bad at all. The pork and veal meatballs are a MUST. Can not wait to be back again! Such a great place!
3_star Not too bad, not amazing though. Tried brisket (good), garlic mash (ok), pulled chicken (ok), beans (great). The food felt a little pricey for the quantity, and no sides included with the sandwiches. The wrap was around the "snack size" wrap size from McDonalds, so don't go for that if you are hungry. No BBQ sauce sitting around (sacrilege for a BBQ joint) although you could buy BBQ sauce if you wanted BBQ on your BBQ. Staff was friendly. There aren't many options in that immediate area, and there are quite a few businesses/offices around so maybe they have a captive audience? Or maybe I've just been spoiled by years indulging in the pleasures of southern BBQ spots.
1_star I ordered the Caribbean jerk well and there was NO chicken in it. A waste of time having to go back to the restaurant. This is unacceptable.
3_star Best breakfast for the money! Great staff, great service!! Loved the blueberry pancakes. ;)
3_star Great atmosphere and they have. A nice patio overlooking the street. We had the seafood platter for two and it was quite enough for two. The only problem was there was a piece of crab that was disgusting - brown, dirty stuff on it so we didn't eat that one. They should look at that before putting it on someone's plate and wash it clean and don't serve it at all if it doesn't come clean. Service was excellent.
5_star Tried while visit NC because high reviews. Recommend it if you looking for a light and tasty pizza. Very fresh and flavorful
3_star Lovely views and great music and dancing. The food was so so . Prices are good at happy hour!!
3_star The food is good. Your best meal will be breakfast. Be prepared to spend a few extra dollars.
3_star Went to red lobster for their endless shrimp sale. Had some of every available option. Started with a ceased salad which was really good with fresh parmesan. My favorite to my surprise was the shrimp linguini. Creamy and delicious pasta and shrimp with fresh parmesan shredded on top. My least favorite was the garlic shrimp. Couldn't taste the garlic and it was (along with most of the shrimp) really salty. Don't know if its done on purpose so the consumer drinks more water and gets filled faster. The cheddar buns served at every red lobster meal were good but not as I remember from long ago. Really dry in the middle but delicious none the less. My girlfriend thinks I tipped a bit generously considering it was only a 45$ bill but the waiter was a pretty cool guy. The saltiness was probably my biggest turnoff but considering how cheap it was compared to the rest of the menu it was a win in my books. Will probably come back during their next endless shrimp sale.
1_star Terrible service, terrible food. Upon our arrival, they let us know that we would. We'd to wait 15 to 20 mins because they were busy. We agreed (although there were only 3 tables and 2 servers). Then, after ordering our food, the pozole was extremely salty and the tostada Chacalosa had nothing but cucumbers and onions. This was so bad that after 5 years of using yelp, this is my first yelp review.
3_star Excellent food, presentation and service. They accommodated our vegetarian requests easily. Especially enjoyed the corn cake appetizer. Fried bananas with coconut ice cream were terrific. However noise level and very hard, unpadded chairs will keep us from returning.
3_star Great place and NO smoke. Nice menu with great daily special's. Parking is also good and atmosphere is good. Just a little bit on the pricey side for what they serve other than that the food is some what good
3_star They really have, in my opinion, the tastiest and crispiest version of Korean fried chicken I have ever had. I always look forward to visiting the location in Sunnyvale, CA when visiting family back home in the Bay. So I was very excited when I first learned this place was coming to Vegas. I've been here several times since they first opened and based off my own experience and seeing the other yelp reviews, I fear that Bonchon may not be around here too much longer if management/ownership doesn't make changes. The main concern here is the value. As delicious as the chicken is, it has a premium price that doesn't match the product. When they first opened, the drums were almost twice the size of what they are now, making the price a little more reasonable. I suspect the reason for the change to smaller portions was due to the cooking time (twice-fried to give that signature crisp) being very long at first. This led to many earlier complaints, resulting in less repeat customers, the need to save money, the now odd hours/random closings, and shortages of some of the items on the menu (which they shouldn't have anyway), again all affecting repeat business. What makes Bonchon popular worldwide is the chicken, and that should be the focus. Bring back the big drums!
3_star Had Easter Brunch here today. We had a 1:45 Reservation and we arrived at 1:30. When we arrived I walked around to check out the buffet. This is not your normal buffet. It is set up in the bar and booths around the bar. We were seated in a small room and our server stopped and explained the Buffet and got our drink order. I ordered a Bloody Mary (more on that later). We went and got our plates off the booth seat (Really?) and ordered omelets from the Omelet bar. There were wonderful. My wife liked these French fry things that they had. The French Toast was good as well. The Prime Rib was too rare for our tastes and the Peel and Eat shrimp was peppery. Overall the food was good, but I am not sure we would go back for brunch. Pretty expensive at $26/person. Back to the Bloody Mary. I think it had a tablespoon of Celery salt and too much Worcestershire Sauce. I guess according to the server they make their own Bloody Mary mix. They can keep it if you ask me. I would have comped the drink as I informed the server that it was to my liking and I didn't drink that much of it, but that's just me. I should have returned it. IN her defense she did ask me if I wanted something else, but I am not sure if I would have had to pay for it or it would have been instead of? Overall an OK experience, but as stated before, I am not sure I would return for brunch.
5_star YUM!! I've been searching for a Pho spot for awhile now. Nothing compares to this place. I had the #2-Rare Beef Pho and hubby had A-Sate Chicken. Broth was excellent and flavourful. Hubby said it's the best Sate he's ever had and the shredded chicken just melted in his mouth. He loved it so much, it brought tears to his eyes. Service was wonderful as well. If you love Pho, you need to come here! Do it!
5_star One of our favorite places in Little Italy, if not Cleveland. My husband and I lived in the Little Italy neighborhood when this place opened its doors, and it quickly became one of our favorite places to frequent. We explored most, if not all, of the menu and loved everything we tried, from the Pasta Verde and Veal Braciole to the Spicy Couscous and Kebobs. The Albanian Salad is so simple, but simply delicious! It's reasonably priced; the people are incredibly friendly, and the food is consistently excellent. A must try.
3_star Dined here for Restaurant Week, Spring 2017. Gigli - fresh pasta, but nothing special. There isn't anything wrong with simple, but the flavors in this dish did not really stand out. This seemed like fresh pasta with canned sauce. Mushroom 'Pasta' - the flavors did not settle into the mushrooms. Overall, bland. Tiramisu - solid flavors Sangria was too plain, martini was very strong (which was of course, absolutely fine). Veal meatballs were juicy, but were not very flavorful Out of the whole experience, I enjoyed the polenta and tiramisu the most. Two star food experience, Five star service experience.
2_star This place has good food. Nice and clean. However......with an exception of a few lovely waitresses and cocktail servers, the majority were a little on the ILL TEMPERED side. One shoved past my company, wasn't nice and seemed to have a bit of a nasty a RBF. Another tossed out wings down after saying, "hey, is this your food?" Otherwise, it was great.
5_star Stopped by for Sunday brunch. Both the food and service were excellent. We were seated as soon as we arrived and for the entire meal the service was fast. Our waiter was friendly, attentive, and answered all our questions. The menu is full of choices, so we will have to return again and again. Our crepe was very good and came with an "appetizer" of fruit and chocolate dip... a nice touch. The granola with fruit, yogurt and chocolate drizzle was also very tasty. We highly recommend Cacao 70, but time your visit carefully, it can get very busy.
5_star I love this place, because their coffee is the best from all the other coffee places in the area. Rich and fair trade. I love their cappuccino !! I like the vibe of the place. Don't mind the service. Some may get offended cause the workers don't smile constantly at your face "pretending" but taking orders and preparing the coffee with skill. I find it real.
5_star This is the tastiest Chinese food on campus (note, Golden Harbor is not on campus). It is also the cheapest, and they give large portions -- for me, easily enough for 2 meals usually. Most dishes are $6-8. Some more special ones are $9-12. The more American orange/General Tso's/sweet and sour/etc. chicken dishes are $5.25. The owner guy behind the counter most of the time is one of the friendliest restaurant workers I have ever met. Tips: -They make Chinese food the best. If you're unsure of what to get, your best bet is to get something Chinese instead of Japanese/Thai/etc. -Be sure to look at the white board on the floor to the left of the counter! -Explore the Chinese menu sitting on the counter (it has English translations) These are some of my favorites: Basil pork egg rice, Jakarta fried rice, Pork with preserved vegetables, Crispy beef, Fried fish fillets with bok choy, Beef stew eggplant pot, Spicy fried chicken, Mapo tofu, Sizzling chicken pot.
1_star Over priced garbage. Got a chopped salad and the middle of it was rotten. $8.99 for bacon n eggs. Crap
1_star Never again will I order from this place again! I called to order and asked about a dish and was told to "go online and look at it" because they're "too busy" to tell me over the phone. (1st red flag) I then went online...looked up my order & called back only to the same guy who was very rude from the get-go. FYI to the owners...Sometimes it not what you say but how you say it. So then I hang up & remember I want to pay with my debit card and called back was given attitude again about not giving it to them the first time. From then I decided I will not be giving my hard earned money to a restaurant that doesn't care about how they treat their customers. I usually don't have to leave bad reviews but I will be telling everyone I know about my experience with Rainbow Garden in Urbana! I will stick to Lai Lai's from now on. Get a nicer person to answer your phones!
1_star We keep giving this place a chance....after our fourth or fifth time there I can't go back. This place lacks in every catagory one desires for a restaurant...of any kind. First every single individual that works there is rude, from the disinterested "hostess", to the waitresses who shout at you asking what you want to drink...and if asked what they have they answer "Coke products"...to the kitchen help that will mow you down with their carts of food. This place is very, very dirty. There are food scraps everywhere....all over the carpet, the dishes are crusty and the food choices, while expansive are just not that good. The real kicker as to why we will never, ever return is as we were waiting for our check...we were seated in the aforementioned back room...my son happened to tap his foot. All we heard were sloshing sounds...his chair was on top of a soaked carpet. Immediately a major mold issue came to mind, so we commented to the waitress, she smirked and said "oh thats from when they clean"....ya right. I had to get out of there....fast, and will never step foot in there again. This PLACE IS DISGUSTING!!!!!
4_star Stefanie made me the BEST strawberry margarita that I've had in my entire life. An awesome way to pass the time during a cruddy layover!
3_star The food is good, atmosphere is pleasant, service is Ok although some of the waitress's will show little or no concern for your satisfaction, just are you ready to order, and a head nod, they are bothered if you ask a question, you have to ask for soy sauce or the spice rack at the table, no smiling service, just mean face like the soup Nazi, although the food is good.
5_star Really the food tastes like home cooking..price s also reasonable and love it.hope to see the restaurant to add more menus in the future
1_star Food was terrible. 3 of us ordered eggs Benedict, one ordered a skillet and all was over cooked. Should have been clued in by the fact the whole place smelled like burned toast. We sent plates back, and they got one egg out of 4 poached correctly. Nothing was fresh, all processed or frozen. It was 10am on a Monday, so the place wasn't busy, but service was very slow. Service wasn't the worst, but also not even as good as mediocre. So if you like your breakfast to taste like it came from a can, then this is your place. I will not be coming back.
5_star I thought that this was the cutest little spot ever. There were so many different crepes to choose from. The environment was very home like. They had little games and couches. It was very clean I would definitely recommend. I had the rebel special which was delicious. I can't wait to come back at try the other types.
1_star Sigh, Come and Get It has lot "It". First Peter left so we lost his great, fun, caring service, and now the menu has changed from small to medium snacks to just meals (wraps, salads) and a token slider and mini poutine. We had the horrible pork souvlaki. It was massively dried out, and when complained to the service, he agreed. Why he brought out sub-par food was the question left lingering in the air. 10% tip and we won't return. Sad, we've been hanging out for a long time at 676 Queen St. W.
3_star Food was good. Service was okay. Not very quick honestly. Drink prices are kinda overpriced but then again it is a chain restaurant so I'm not surprised. Just takes a while to get drinks delivered to your table. My mixed drink didn't even come until my entree was done!
5_star Arguably the best italian food in Toronto. Terroni a close second. The kale salad is probably the most commonly ordered lunch dish and for good reason. If you're a meat lover, get it with steak and you'll want it again for lunch the next day. Best pasta dish is probably the bolognese and the Lunedi' Polpette Di Carne (lamb and Cumbrae's ground beef meatballs, tomato sauce, stracciatella, herbs, grilled tuscan bread, olive oil, and maldon salt) is my favorite dish. Always the best wine and the best bread I think I've ever had which they of course make from scratch. Great atmosphere. Best in the summer when they have the garage door style window wall open and the patio bumpin. Pricey but reasonable for a high end italian restaurant in downtown Toronto. Always worth it. Great for lunch and dinner.
1_star I placed a take-out order on 7/19 at approximately 8:30PM. This included a Pomodoro Pizza with Sausage with a full size Caesar Salad. The pizza was very good, but the portion size of the salad was very small. This salad was supposed to be a Dinner size salad at a cost of $9. Does this salad seem like a good value at $9? The take-out container is on 1/3 full. I sent an email to the restaurant the following day but never received a response.
2_star Our second time at Sarah's. First, the food was excellent. My wife's mussels were excellent , calamari was cooked perfectly, jerk wings had a fresh jerk sauce that was wonderful. Where it fell down was with the service. My beer glass was empty when food arrived and when they were taken away, without an inquiry on a refill. Bread did not accompany the mussels and was only only offered at the end of the meal. Room for improvement.
5_star If you are looking for original thai food, you have to come here and it very peaceful. They have the best nuddle soup, it my favorite dish here. The waitress so nice and friendly. LOVE THIS Restaurant :)
4_star I have never had anything I didn't really really love, this is by far my favorite Vietnamese restaurant. It isn't a magic trick, it is good honest food.
4_star I have been looking forward to check this place out after seeing all the delicious looking pictures on Yelp. My initial thought of the place was, small but upbeat. Service was fast. We only had to wait 5-10 mins. The down side, they don't take reservations and open only for 5 1/2 hours! Man, wish I could make up my own work hours! We ordered 6 dishes total: steamed bun, mussels, Korean beef, pork carnitas, ramen, and caramel apple cobbler for dessert. So, here are the rankings based on my taste palate :D #1 steamed buns and caramel apple cobbler #2 mussels and Korean beef #3 pork carnitas #4 ramen The ramen was pretty bad. Why is it even on the menu if it taste that bad? Overall, I enjoyed my experience, and would go back to try other items on the menu.
5_star Amazing food and super friendly service. Will definitely come back again sometime soon.
3_star My first time ever at a Ruby Tuesdays. They had a great burger deal going on that I found on Yelp so we opted to go there. It was $6.95 for a few variety of specialty burgers. We were seated right away and I showed the waiter the deal right away and he said yes it was a special they had. The waiter was talkative and related to us with talking about several things. We got our food quickly. The burgers were just ok, nothing extra special or flavorful. Since it was Tuesday the sign outside said kids eat free, so we were even more stoked to try it out. One of my kids ordered the sliders and the other chicken strips. We heard the table next to us who also had two kids comment to the waiter that they were charged for the kids meals. When we got our bill, same thing had to bring it up to the waiter that we thought kids eat free. He aplogized and said he forgot it was Tuesday. I'm sure it's just their standard practice to charge unless the customer complains or notices it. So beware if it's a Tuesday to tell your waiter and make sure you look at your bill. Not to impressed with the food for the price. Reminded me of a Friday's or Chili's.
2_star Third times a charm and don't plan on coming back. The counter help was extremely rude. The 1/4 I had looked like it came from the grocery store and drizzled with sauce. All 3 times that I have been here haves been the same. Rude staff and poor quality at the central avenue location pretty much decided that I will not return.
2_star Tried this buffet for dinner based on the wonderful reviews here on Yelp. Wasn't impressed - long lines at the main course table, and by the time you picked up the little individual serving of vegetables and made it to the meat or chicken station everything on your plate was cold. The variety and recipes as noted here are different and that's definitely in keeping with the Cosmo atmosphere - if you bring kids and they want pizza, chicken fingers and the like, you're out of luck here (and that's totally cool, just be aware). Pizza is there, but it's white clam pizza, Mac & cheese is there but it's "angry" - with a spice kick. All in all, the actual quality of the food was subpar, the offerings were lukewarm to cold, and the drink service was glacier slow and uppity - geez, it's a BUFFET, no need to be all snooty. Glad we tried it, but still prefer the Wynn, Bellagio and even Mandalay Bay.
4_star I think the best way to do Umami is family-style with a group of friends. Order everything, share it all, and split the bill evenly. That's what I did on a cool fall night. We sat out on the deck and ordered the following: pork buns, spicy pulled pork buns (the special), beef buns, pork dumplings, the ramen special (served cold with raw veggies), and the pork ramen. Out waiter, Spike, was incredibly helpful in guiding us along. He suggested that if we wanted to split ramen, they could separate the order into two bowls and add a bit more meat and noodles for a slight up charge. It was the perfect amount this way! He also was nice about informing us about he intriguing things on the menu that we weren't familiar with, such as the "garlic bomb" (puréed fresh garlic blended with butter... Add a touch to your pork ramen! Soooooo good!) My favorites were definitely the spicy pulled pork buns and the pork ramen, but everything was delicious. I loved the fluffy buns and the tender meat, with just the right amount of heat to everything. The warm, flavorful ramen was just what I needed outside on a night with a bit of a chill. I definitely was feeling the high salt content later, but it was so worth it. Just be sure to wash it down with some water and/or a pint! I'll definitely be returning with my crew for a no-fuss feast!
5_star The pizza was full of flavor! Lots of topings! Sauce is perfect! If i lived here in town id deff order again!!!
2_star This was probably one of the worst meals I've had in a long time. First of all we were seated in some tucked away corner were we couldn't even see the restaurant and it seemed like we were a little neglected because of it. Our food came out and we ordered calamari, margherita pizza, Italian sausage pizza and some raviolis. The calamari was the only thing that was good and warm. I really liked the pesto sauce that they came with! But the margherita pizza was cold and lacked flavor, other pizza was cold and the raviolis were rubbery. Worst of all with this meal were my drinks. The water that they gave us when we first got there had a funny taste like the glass hadn't been washed or the ice that was in it was really old and had sat in a freezer too long. I thought that when I got my coke that maybe the flavor wouldn't be in that drink but sure enough it was in that drink too. Because of this experience I probably won't go back to this restaurant.
5_star Oh, what a wonderful experience. My boyfriend and I were going a little nuts on Groupon yesterday (I think we purchased 3 different deals) when we discovered a Groupon Now! for Thai Buffet. My boyfriend is a huge buffet fan, and we both love Thai food. He got really, really excited and I couldn't say no, so we purchased our final deal of the day, went and ran some errands, and finished off at Thai Buffet. We were the only ones there at that time, but we were a bit early for dinner and really late for lunch (I think we arrived around 4:15-ish). The buffet is not your standard type of buffet where you serve yourself, but it is all you can eat. Joann, the owner, described each of the dishes to us and piled our plates high with a variety of curries, as well as a bowl of soup and another plate of salad. We couldn't say no to any of the dishes, they all looked super amazing. And they were. My favorite was probably the green curry; it wasn't as spicy as some green curries and it had green beans in it, which I love. Everything tasted more homemade than "restaurant-y," for lack of a better descriptor. I felt like I was in a Thai grandma's kitchen, and it was awesome. As we finished our massive plates of food, Joann went back into the kitchen and prepared us bowls of coconut ice cream with mango, pumpkin custard, and sticky rice. This might have been my favorite part of the meal, but it's hard to say because it was all so good. I'm a total sucker for sticky rice, though. Definitely will be back. You get a great value for the price (even without a Groupon, the buffet is $9.99/person), with quality eats and very friendly service.
2_star Food ok. The kitchen should try the garlic mayo that goes on the salmon bap, it tastes like death, completely overwhelms the sandwich. Capers on the salads? Bartender was an ass when asked a question about what vodkas they had. Great selection of tap beer and nice stocked bar. Also have beer on firkins/engines.
3_star It is a good place for sandwich, but not surprisingly good. Ordered the tomato soup and the earl club sandwich. The soup, though very creamy as expected, is a bit salty. Couldn't finish a small one (maybe I wasn't hungry enough. But still don't think having a bowl of salty soup in the Vegas summer is a good idea). The bread of the sandwich is awesome, crispy, soft, and fresh. Also, the price here is very affordable, which probably is the reason why it got such a high rate on yelp. Would recommend it as a decent fast meal.
5_star Very tasty and good value. Works well for staff lunches and the sandwiches have sealed ends and are great car food.
4_star Delicious meats, funny staff, decent prices. Come on a weeknight to avoid the legendary queues.
2_star Was quite disappointed here, as we're the other 5 people I was with. I had the ribs which were very tough and slathered with a bit too much sauce. My gf had the sliders and said that they all tasted the same and they were nothing special. The service was a bit lacking as well. Our server didn't come over at all after delivering our food to check if its ok or to even as us if we wanted anything else. Overall, we all walked out disappointed to the length that we probably wouldn't go back to give it another try which is a shame because I live in the good and would like to support local business.
3_star One young gal running the register, taking phone orders, serving people at the counter and waiting on tables. Not an ideal situation during lunch hour. Food was good... service painfully slow. Probably won't come back.
2_star Very Average Pizza And the desert was below average. They only take cash Wont be going to this pizzeria anytime soon
3_star I've been here a few times now. To be honest, I think it's a bit overrated. I like pizza crust that's chewy. Their crust is crispy and usually burnt on the edges. The restaurant is also really small, so it's tough to get a table.
1_star My boyfriend and I came to this restaurant for dinner on at Saturday evening ( a while ago). When we walked in they asked us if we made reservations in advance. We said no. They denied us and told us they are fully booked. Yet the restaurant was EMPTY (there was not a single customer). We are never going back there again.
5_star I have eaten italian all over the world, have made italian .. have sneaked into italian grandmother's kitchens had leftovers.. (jk) This restaurant is excellent in every way, ranging from the decor to the food all the way to the personalities of the staff. A+ we started with one of my favorite vegetables ... the beet and lobster salad.. it was presented wonderfully and every beet with the gentle squeeze of your jaw would bust open in your mouth and all I wanted was a bowl of the beets, the lobster was just an added bonus!!! the angolotti was completely amazing... stuffed with rocotta and the truffle sauce were the perfect dish in the middle of the amazing entrees. great pasta.. can't wait to try the other pastas on the hot appetizers portion. the entrees, we had the john dory and veal milanese... john dory was good... it was cooked well and flavorful .... the VEAL MILANESE WAS DELICIOUS, SO DELCIIOUS.... put the riveria greens on the plate with the veal milanese... and at the end of dinner.... i asked the manager if i would get asked to leave if i sucked on the bone.... which i did and i got to stay for desert!!.... the panicotta was great... so tasty!... you have to go ... after you eat . you thank god your alive
4_star There's a lot going on here, too much, to be honest. That aside, my review is only for the bar. Fun and engaging staff, excellent beer selection, great happy hour practicing. The beer listing is frequently updated and like they say "no crap on tap".
4_star Probably one of the best AYCE sushi restaurants that I've been to. As mentioned, on the weekends, you can order sweet shrimp sashimi. At first, I was apprehensive about ordering it because I've had bad sweet shrimp at non-AYCE places, however, it was very fresh and good size (sometimes, sushi places have tiny, tiny "sweet shrimps"). Everything else on the menu was enjoyable, with very good portion sizes - small enough that you have the opportunity to try multiple items. For example, the rolls come in 4's, so you can try more than one roll. Another plus was the dessert. They have black sesame ice cream, which I've never seen at AYCE sushi before, along with other jellos (black current and litchi), mango pudding and a chef's special. While pricey, $24.99 on the weekends, I would say that its worth it.
5_star This is easily some of the best breakfast food I've ever had. It reminds me of a homemade and much better panera bread. And I really like panera. The smell when you walk in is so good that it instantly lifts your spirits and puts a smile on your face. I think I was smiling the entire time I was in the restaurant. I ordered the endless French toast and couldn't be happier. I just moved here from Michigan and I will be back at Neaders very very soon. Excellent friendly staff too!!
4_star Delicious fresh mango sorbet on a hot summers night! Visited June 2013
5_star We are very happy to eat here. it is a great place for us to eat, and it is a traditional Chinese hot pot, perfect!!!
4_star The service was very friendly and fast. Each dish was very authentic, made with good quality ingredients. Excellent decoration inside. Reasonable price point. An unique all-day dim sum experience.
4_star Though Sauce isn't the greatest restaurant, it's certainly one of the best in the North Valley. Its casual environment and relaxed atmosphere combined with their great food makes it a local favorite. The prices are fair, maybe a little too high. Their portions are fairly large as well. All in all, Sauce is certainly a go to restaurant if you're trying to stay in the North Phoenix area, but if you can spend an extra 20 minutes driving towards Central Phoenix, you're bound to find something much better. But Sauce is the perfect dinner and movie date near the Norterra location!
5_star We eat at Carlsbad about once a month. As a family we enjoy just about everything on the menu. The food is always fresh, perfect spice and flavorful. The service is always kind and prompt from our experiences. It's great to have a restaurant of this quality within walking distance!
2_star My mom likes to visit Magic Wok whenever we visit Toronto. I can see why. They have multiple tanks filled with fresh seafood. This is like any typical Chinese family style restaurant. All group tables are round and the smaller tables are square. It was loud and the restaurant was pack. We were seated rather quickly since they had the big round table available. My family ordered a variety of seafood. Two extremely huge lobsters, two dungess crab, conch with fried tofu, snails, fish, chicken, veggies, and steamed oysters. The lobsters was the best. They were served Hong Kong style with cheese. I haven't had that in ages! The favors were full and I wasn't thirsty after the meal. Usually Chinese restaurants uses way too much MSG, but this place was okay. The only problem I have with this place is they charge for sauce. That's right. If you ordered steam fish, they'll charge you for salt, soy sauce, ginger, and the scallions. I'm not kidding. I wish they let me take a picture of the "sauce" menu. That way I can post it. Who the hell charge for sauce? This is why this place only gets two stars.
3_star If you want trendy atmosphere and good food and are willing to pay the extra and dress up a little for it, this is a great place. I had the green curry "Thai hot", meaning the heat level was maximum, and my wife had pad thai. The pad thai was delicious, the best i have had outside of Thailand. The green curry was just so-so - maybe i killed it by ordering it too hot - it turned out red color instead of green, and the flavors became obscured by the heat. We also shared a bowl of Tom Yum soup which was good - a little too sweet, but otherwise had a lot of good flavors in it, the simple sugar in it almost killed it though. I doubt we will be back soon.
2_star food is pretty bland. been here a couple times just to make sure i didn't just come on a bad day. There are way better places in Las Vegas for Indian food.
2_star Had the full plate short ribs, green beans, mac & cheese, red beans and rice, and a coke. I thought the full plate was a half plate. This place is not bad, but overpriced. The food isn't Michelin quality. If the prices for meals were cheaper then I'd go as high as 3 to 4 stars. Food came out quick. Servers were average in noticing needs of diners. Servers were always in a hurry...not looking at diners when asking questions and halfway off to their next task before an answer was given. Friendly atmosphere. C/C+
5_star This is the best Caprese salad and pizza that I have ever had. We go to this place once per week. I am addicted to it. The service is superb! You cannot get better than Pizzeria Bianco at Town & Country!
2_star The service is very bad. And recently they changed their chef. The food quality and quantity went way down. And with these situation they actually drove up their price!!! Hugh disappointment.
4_star I love TK's! Whether it's dinner after work, lunch while shopping, birthday drinks with the girls or our group get together after a movie. There is always a reason to eat here. TK's is a sleek, stylish restaurant with great service. This review is my last visit with friends. We enjoyed beer, wine and spirits at the bar while waiting less than 15 minutes for a table to open on the patio. Everything we ordered was delicious and the timing was excellent. The mussels were succulent and the beet and aruglula salad was as tasty as it was colorful. The scallop, kale and polenta special hit all the right notes while the short rib with cavatelli pasta was rich and hearty. We chose Patrick's Pie from the wood fired pizza choices and this is why we didn't give 5 stars. It was a tad bland, needs something to compliment the sausage. Strawberry shortcake from the grill and fresh coffee while we enjoyed a lovely spring evening outdoors. On other visits - the chipotle shrimp is a must if you have someone to share the calories and decadence with you. The salmon filet is a dependable dinner and the tri-color quinoa a great lunch when shopping.
3_star Once went there with another adult and 7 kids. The nice hostess elderly lady extended "kids eat free" night to all of them... Not just the normal 2 per adult. Very nice and fast service!
4_star The bad reviews for this restaurant are completely undeserved. We've been several times, and have had a great experience every time, even with our toddler. Despite what you might read elsewhere, this place is child friendly. The staff went out of their way to accommodate us and our son (keep in mind we have a head on our shoulders and take our child out to restaurants during non-rush hours). The food is always delicious and reasonably priced - I'm actually not a pasta fan and this is one of the only places I actually order pasta. This is our go-to restaurant in Bloor West for dinner. Some restaurants in Bloor West deserve their bad reviews (like Sharkey's) - this place does not.
1_star Don't waste your time here. There are far better places than this. They close whenever they feel like it. Most times there is no (mediocre) food available. The servers are friendly but it stops there. Your money is better spent somewhere else like Bleachers.
2_star Cool bar but disappointed with service. My cousin ordered a drink without realizing there was honey in it, which she is allergic to. When she asked for a replacement, after one sip, they said that they would still have to charge for both drinks. No apologies and didn't even ask if she was ok.
2_star I tried this place for lunch. I wouldn't go back, and I wouldn't recommend it. I ordered the chicken burrito, and it was super disappointing. It was basically rice wrapped up in a tortilla. They packed it full with rice and they were very skimpy on everything else- especially the meat, cheese, and guacamole. They spread the gauc on super thin as if it was butter. When I asked for more, I was told it would be extra. It was definitely a sad burrito.
4_star Very Good quality ingredients. Creative combinations. We had good service. Their app to wait for a table works great. Not the best value but enjoyed our food.
5_star First time lunch visit with some friends from out of town. Food was great and the staff was very attentive. Will definitely be back.
5_star This is my absolute favorite place to go to for breakfast! The food is super delicious and is consistent every single time I come here, which is very important. The atmosphere is very comfortable and the owner is friendly. If you're thinking of making a visit to this wonderful restaurant, just do it. You won't regret it. As a tip, make sure to try their hot sauce. It's the best!
4_star Went there with a bunch of dudes for a tame bachelor party. Had a ton of fun on the patio. Servers were nice, but overall service was kind of slow. Beer was really cheap, which negates the slow service. Someone ordered a platter and it came with a ton of food. Good local crowd until midnight. The Brunswick police showed to impress everyone by harassing the DJ. Not the bar's fault the police were being d!@ks. If anything they should've taken the DJ away for playing crap music. Will go back next time I'm in Brunswick...whenever that might be.
3_star I don't feel like my previous review is unfair. I'm still ticked about the fact that a bartender added extra money into their tip, but whatever. But to say they wouldn't get my business again is lie. I love their pizza. I order it, pick it up, and make sure the tip line and total line are clear and can't be forged into different numbers. The pizza brought me back. I will always be cautious though.
4_star I love the atmosphere. It is nice to have a kick back place located next to Summerlin that is open late. The food is okay.. The patio area is fun and inspiring. I go here to nibble on food and maybe enjoy a cocktail.
4_star A lot of mixed reviews on this one. Some 3s, Some 5s. I'll go with the middle option. Here's why: Starting with the food: the complimentary parmesan balls that a few other yelpers have mentioned are delicious, and a nice small start to what ended up being a really great meal. Appetizers shared by the table included the Insalata Romana and a daily special which consisted of a baked bread topped with burrata and ramps. The special was quite tasty -- the ramps provided a very subtle complement to the burrata. The salad, on the other hand, comes with anchovies that overpowered everything else about the salad. A friend and I split the Florentine Porterhouse which was delicious - very nice crusting on the outside and cooked to a excellent-looking medium rare on the inside. Really didn't think it could get any better until the friend, who had been previously and gotten the same cut, ordered the additional gorgonzola mascarpone (one of around six sauce options). Amazing. This definitely elevated the porterhouse a few steps and I now consider it the best steak I've ever had. The grilled spinach with hot peppers provided a nice spicy vegetable side which had just the right amount of kick without leaving you with an aftertaste that might otherwise interfere with the steak. So why, with all that, am I giving Mario's steakhouse a four star review? A few annoyances: first, the service was just average with a few missteps along the way; the biggest problem came when the steak florentine presentation came out. We had ordered medium rare and the steak was indeed medium rare. However, the line chef had written Medium on the ticket and our waiter announced what the chef had written. We caught this and let them know we definitely wanted the medium rare. They went and double checked, but in between they had to roll the whole presentation tray back in, pretty humorous but a bit odd. Next, the atmosphere seemed off. From what I glanced quickly on my way out, they may have another (possibly main) dining room in the other half of the restaurant, but our party was placed in the other side of the split which was open-air to the casino. Now I love my hometown, and the Palazzo has a very good smoke filtration system, so it's not that bad, but I can't for the life of me figure out any reason you'd want the noises and scenery of the casino right there. It really seems like an odd and definitely annoying choice. So because of all that, and the fact that they couldn't seem to do a $18 salad right. Four stars.
3_star Food was okay, nothing special. This is a good place to go for a nice bear though, they have a huge selection. Great place to have fun in a group but I would go elsewhere if food is your primary concern.
4_star Tried and tested all you can eat sushi lunch. Love coming here and stuffing my face with salmon sushi, seaweed salad, and experimenting with their various other fish-sushis! Reasonably priced and nice aquarium at the entrance. I like!
3_star The fried calamari was great but the service and the seafood linguini special and the wedding soup were a 3 stars. We were not impressed at all.
5_star Service was and always is amazing. Food here is exceptional. Happy hour here is non stop and always perfect.
5_star Oh Sage, where do I begin!? Been here twice now and each time, the experience has been spectacular! From the service, to the food and decor...one can expect nothing short of excellence in every regard. First time we came here, we had such a memorable meal, that the next time we were in Vegas, we just knew we had to go. We had the chef's tasting menu the first time around and did the signature tasting menu the second time around. Both were quite delicious. I cannot say enough good things about Sage but I'll definitely be coming back!
4_star I went to the restaurant for dinner and ordered the sea bass. It was delicious and it came with a side order of vegetables. I really like this place and will return in the future.
2_star Good for college kids but doesn't apply to others. Don't go out of your way. It is just average.
4_star Excellent selection of Belgian and local beers on tap. Great list of Belgian, European, local and other beers in bottles as well. Went two nights in a row. Night 1- awesome staff, very friendly and knowledgeable. Night 2- uninterested staff, they didn't even know what they had on tap, had two beers before they closed early with 30ppl still in the bar.
4_star The hubby and I were on a quick, 4-night Vegas run when we discovered Ellis Island. Yeah, it's maybe not the best impression when you walk in the door: Uber-divey, with cigarette smoke laced with an vague, unpleasant, but (mercifully) unidentifiable stank. But trust me: stick around. Ellis is its own brewery, and you can get a REALLY good draft beer for dirt cheap. Play some blackjack. Play some slots. Watch the karaoke (or join in!), which ranges from horrific to Oh-my-God-this-person-should-have-his-own-variety-show fantastic. Then eat dinner (or, in our case, breakfast) in the joint's eatery: we got a NY strip and eggs for $5.99. And it was actually GOOD. Are you KIDDING ME?! Ellis Island is a MUST.
4_star Small, on a side street near a quaint shopping and dining area in a quiet part of Pittsburg. Very friendly service. The food is bona fide Taiwanese cuisine. (I lived in ?? for two years, so I know) The seating area is nothing special, but clean and quiet (at least at the late hour I was there). They appear to specialize in Chinese beverages, with many interesting varieties and options, but I just feasted on standard Chinese appetizers. If you like Chinese, this is a solid pick.
2_star I suggest reading the 3-star reviews and below on Crown Prince before you decide to go, because I paid more attention to the 3-star and above reviews and after my experience there I feel that I should've taken my own suggestion to avoid a colossal letdown. Yesterday was my first time visiting this restaurant and I picked an awesome day to try it out: Chinese New Year Day! I actually went early in the morning before they opened their doors at 9:00 AM, and there was already a line up! As soon as the doors open people just started flooding in and I knew at that point not to expect too much on this visit. I ordered 5 items of dim sum and the last one arrived at my table almost 1 hour after I had placed the order. Maybe it was a special dish they make in batches at a certain time. It was the crispy pumkin with mushroom something-something. Anyways, one minute after that dish arrived at my table, one of the managers came up to me and said that I had to pay my bill soon cuz I've been sitting for over an hour and I can't take my sweet time to eat cuz it was new years. Of course, this conversation happened in Cantonese. I thought to myself, WTF? I understand they wanna turn tables but there's a better way to ask. Some restaurants place the bill on your table and say thank you. If that conversation hadn't happened, I would've given this restaurant a three-star at most just for the food and somewhat okay service. To be fair, there was an older manager who seems to have more experience in the restaurant business that was more helpful. When I was looking around to flag someone, he took notice and came up to my table to ask me what I needed. I'm not going to blow this incident out of proportion but it definitely leaves a bad taste in my mouth to be accused of squatting when I was waiting for the last dish to come out. It's not my fault their kitchen is slow. That issue aside, the food is okay and they're priced okay as well at $2.80 for S, M, L and they have some unique items on their menu. I noticed a lot of pumpkin based dim sum and I really wanted to try the puff pastry durian dessert thing but I didn't get the chance cuz the manager that tried to kick me out totally spoiled my mood. Finally, don't let the decor fool you. This restaurant is not as "upscale" as it looks; it's all a facade to make people feel comfortable about paying more for what is essentially less. Fortunately, it doesn't work on me. That's why I chose to go for dim sum. I would be dumb to order off of their dinner menu. When you strip away the decor, it exposes the real substance of the restaurant and there's really not much there to differentiate this restaurant from others. On a side note, I wish restaurants like Crown Prince and Casa Imperial (possibly related or sharing notes) could be more original with their decor. Some people associate this classic style with "upscale" and "elegance" but it looks out of place to me in the 21st century. Note to the owners of Crown Prince: if you're gonna open another restaurant, please for the sake of this city take notes from the restaurants in Asia who have mastered the art of modern elegance and do your part in bringing Chinese restaurants in Toronto up to the 21st century--not down. Bottom line, food is acceptable and the prices for dim sum are reasonable, which is probably why this place is busy, but everything else is lacking. I most likely won't go back.
1_star It's awful. We sat there for 20 mins but no one came and took our drink order or greeted us, so I had to ask for water... After we ordered we waited for like 30 mins to get our first hot dish, and then someone told us that they ran out of fish and cabbage so we needed to changed our other order... The food was salty and overcooked. I believe I can do better than that. Just don't go.
3_star This is a good place to get something different . The food quality is always good and their fat/happy items are all amazing . I was recently disappointed to find most of my favorite skinny/ healthy items are no longer on their menu . I loved the idea of treating myself to some healthier options after losing a few lbs and ended up going to another restaurant because there just wasn't anything left that I was looking forward to eating . If your looking for good food they still have plenty of options. I just hope they add back some of there salads and healthier breakfast options that are more vegetarian friendly and I might be back.
2_star Famous long waiting line in this place. I've been dine twice in this small bar counter restaurant. This time I had a half dozen Oyster and pan roasted seafood (level 4 spicy). I have to say this time, the pan roast was very salty and I needed to have a sour bread to dilute the taste in my mouth on top of a cup of rice. A gentleman next to me ordered gumbo but same issue I had despite different dish. He had to stop eating because too salty. The chef was funny but with a twist. Sarcastic jokes to customers, sometimes offensive. It was midnight and he must be tired but that I don't count as an excuse. As long as he talk to customer can't I expect some pleasant comments? Oyster was good but very pricy. If you wanna try, ask less salt because you can always add it to your taste. I'm sure they can make it again but only if you would wait for another 15min for sure.
5_star This is solid Texmex food, I've been there many times and have never been disappointed. I totally recommend this restaurant, glad it's close to my home!
3_star With a secluded feeling and an amazing view of the Toronto skyline, Pauper's Pub arguably has one of the best patios in Toronto. The wings are slightly charred and saucy, and they have a pretty decent draft selection. While the second floor lounge is a cozy space, the first floor could use a reno because with its handmade 60's fabric lampshades and dull brass railings, it definitley doesn't hide it's age well.
1_star The service this place offers is horrible. I went for the first time on my friends recommendation, stating how amazing this place was. My party wasn't able to enjoy the back because I had my one year old son, the host stated there was a bar in the back. Later on while speaking with management about the services they stated "we could have sat out back, the bar was being moved and not in service". After ordering we waited for 45min for our food to arrive. The waitress only came to the table twice out of the two hours of us being there. Once to drop off the food and once to drop off the drinks, we had to ask twice for refills. After getting our food my sister had the wrong order delivered, when she finally got her order there was a black hair mixed into the guacamole. The manager on duty spoke with my 15 year old sister about the experience we had. Even though I tried speaking she directed everything to a child at the table. I found this to be a joke given there was two adults who were paying for the meals. The restroom stalls had no toilet paper.I was pretty sad I spent money on this place I thought my family could enjoy.
3_star We went for brunch and unfortunately it's a little too pricey for the amount of food you get. I ordered the eggs benny and a side of toast. The eggs benny was decent enough but I have had a lot better. A little light on the hollandaise sauce and the eggs weren't prepared as ordered. Included with the eggs benny was a small salad. The order of toast was one piece so I had to order an additional piece so I could enjoy two. Two pieces of toast was 5.00, a little cheeky in my books. All in all, the atmosphere is great, the table service not so much. The staff are pleasant but not the most attentive. I am sure it's a great place to hang out and enjoy a few pints while watching some PML but at $60 for brunch for two I will take a pass next time I am in the hood. I did walk in with preconceived notions based on the recent Toronto Life review and to be fair the review was based on the lunch/dinner menu.
2_star 2.5 Stars Given the price was greater than $10 for main dish on the menu, the food is nothing better than average. I'm not saying it's bad, but I feel as if the portions and quality of the food was not as good as the price. I had the cheeseburger, and it came with home fries. It was all fresh but the home fries were too salty. Also water is charged at $1.55 a bottle, absolutely not worth it. I would recommend eating somewhere else. Note, Main St. Markham was under heavy construction so traffic was limited to one way and parking was limited.
1_star Come-on! What a joke. The service was some of the worst I have ever encountered. From the wait staff and the manager. My boyfriend and I are one of three tables in the whole restaurant. 10 minutes for anyone to acknowledge our existence. Our drinks come, we order: An appetizer, A pasta dish and A pizza dish. 10 minutes later, our waitress comes by to inform us that they are out of the appetizer we ordered. We are given a menu to pick a new item, along with a very pathetic and half -assed apology. Another 10 minutes go by before our waitress reappears in the dining room to ask us our new appetizer order. (Where on earth she was for 10 minutes is a mystery.) At this point, we express our annoyance that we don't want an appetizer that is going to come out after the meal. (Little did we know that the food would take forever). The manager brings our food out. That was appreciated until he opens his mouth and gives an awkward sorry and blames the kitchen for not telling them about the appetizer situation. My boyfriend eats about 1/3 or his meal then looks at his pasta... it looks like it's missing something. It's a taco or nacho pasta or something. It had never come with the toppings. We inform the waitress, who seems stunned and asks us if we want more toppings. I try to explain that his dinner never came with the toppings. She still doesn't get it and asks us again if we just want her to get us some "more" toppings. Annoyed we agree and she brings them out in little containers with lids on them and plops them in front of us with a half-assed sorry. We eat our bland, greasy food. Then we wait 15 minutes for our waitress to resurface to ask her for our bill. We pay, we leave. My boyfriend contacts the GM of this Boston Pizza location. He gets a response where the GM blames the manager and the waitress for being incompetent and offers us $20.00. Maybe I'm a hard audience, but $20.00 for an experience this horrible is insulting. Going to stick with Jack Astor's or East Side Mario's, or any other chain restaurant. At least if they screw up THEIR shitty food, they know how to treat their customers with respect.
3_star Surprisingly good pie! Fast friendly service, location location location...and great value- especially for the strip.
1_star Food is good. Went earlier this week and had to wait 15 minutes for my food. Other customers were there for over 20 minutes, so unorganized. I go tonight and they are closed due to having no food. They need to get better management or this place shut down.
2_star The other reviews were right, pizza was very soggy. While I appreciate the fresh ingredients, I found it hard to enjoy them on top of a wet crust. Also, the sauce was tasteless. I did enjoy the flatbread and hummus. I'll skip this place next time.
4_star Maybe the four stars is too generous after just one visit, but there's something about this place that's very comforting. Maybe it's the community seating, or the simple white bowls your veggies come in, or maybe it's the simple fact that you're eating your veggies and enjoying them too. I tried a yummy coconut curry with crispy tofu and appreciated that it was just the right portion for the price. I'm gonna try a vegan tsoynami with vegan tsoft tserve "ice cream" (spelling is correct) next time I go.
2_star This is a beautiful restaurant. I love how the waiters dress. The wall art is cool. This place is all together a great looking restaurant. Super fast service. The chicken is delicious. Nice waiters.
1_star I stop by once, maybe twice a week for a cup of coffee. A medium cup of coffee used to be $1.90 but now it's $2.75. That is such a rip off for a cup of coffee and quite a price increase! Guess I'll be finding a new coffee shop. Now everything is this restaurant is overpriced.
5_star Everything was really good. We loved the salsa bar with all the interesting choices. Carne asada tacos were great. Can't wait to come back and try the fish tacos.
4_star Although HopCat can be extremely loud and crowded at times, they offer a draft list that I have yet to find at any other restaurant or bar in downtown Madison. I absolutely love brining visitors here because it is almost impossible for anyone to not find a beer they will enjoy. In terms of food, the options are fairly comparable to other restaurants that specialize in pub food. I would note that their service is fairly slow. If you are in a time crunch, it may be smart to find another option!
5_star My mom and I split and shared the five alarm burger and the Cuban..... The five alarm is no joke. I love jalepenos and spice but whoaaaa this one is on fire! The Cuban was AMAZING! Haven't had another like it! Over all great experience. A bit pricey but all in all worth it!
5_star This place is special to me. It is tucked back a long drive and I always feel as I've arrived to another time. It's quiet, authentically built w love and transporting. Quaint quality. In atmosphere and food. My husband I had our wedding reception in the round room and go back for our anniversary each year. Every meal I've had is exquisite. Recently had Chilean Sea Bass. It was like salted butter w a liberal crust. Yes that good. Treat yourself with a retreat to another time and an opportunity to savor w all your senses.
2_star This place is so over the top. It's the furthest thing from fine dining, which makes its prices hard to swallow. I wouldn't have gone there except I got a gift certificate. Even so, my gift certificate wouldn't have made a dent in the cost of dinner, so I opted to pop in one Saturday for lunch. The service is ridiculous. Waiters all dressed up in black-tie garb and they overemphasize probably-affected accents and speak at insane bellowing volumes. With the tables as close together as they are, it just made me feel like everyone in the room had to be involved in my ordering process. And there are all sorts of unnecessary flourishes in taking orders and presenting the food. Now, I'm not saying the servers weren't nice. They were. And it's probably not their fault that they're all costumed and eccentric; I suspect that's part of the gig. But it doesn't come off like a fine dining establishment. It seemed like a farce. Likewise, the food is ridiculous. The one thing I can say about the high prices is that at least you get your money's worth in quantity. I mean, the amount of food served to one person bordered on obscene. I had the gazpacho, which was salty but otherwise bland. Then I went with paella, as it seemed to be the house specialty. Goodlawd what a mountain of food! And that doesn't count the entire plate of veggies that come with it (green beans, broccoli, cauliflower) and the plate of potato chips ("spanish style fried potatoes" my a**) and the plate of plain white bread with butter in little plastic packets with foil peel-off lids. Nothing served had spices or flavor, just S&P and oil. Way too much salt in everything, I was chugging water for the next 24 hours. Then, uninterested in all the generic desserts offered, I opted for some kind of sorbet, maybe grapefruit. When the waiter returned, he informed me they only had coconut (of all the sorbet flavors he had offered me). I insisted that I didn't want it, because I don't like coconut, but again, I'm not really sure the entire room full of patrons needed to be privy to that conversation. In the end, I took the majority of the paella and the veggies home. I wasn't about to eat them, but it seemed wasteful to throw them out, so I pawned them off on someone with a lesser palate. The server was quite gracious in sending me home with lots of broccoli and cauliflower, which he noticed I had eaten all of, and just left the green beans. Unnecessary, but kind. I feel really bad hating, because the service was awfully well-intentioned. But the whole experience was just way too in your face and low-quality. I truly don't know who considers this place worth patronizing.
4_star I have ordered food from here on numerous occasions. It's always been good and reasonably priced. I wish they delivered. That is the only drawback.
4_star The memorabilia on the walls are from various sports teams. The owner works in some capacity for the Panters and that is how he gets them to visit on occasion for special fundraisers. The food is bar food fills your belly while watching your favorite sports team (lose unfortunately) on this visit. Be sure to get there early to get a good table if you plan to watch, some have better views then others.
1_star First off I should say the staff at this place are very friendly and nice, and the restaurant was clean, and the lentil soup was good, but this is where the compliments end. The food that I ordered, I can honestly say, was some of the most mediocre and most expensive takeout I have received. All of the meat was bland, tasted like it had come from a freezer and was bordering on under cooked in the case of the chicken. And for our party of four, this cost us $80 or so, for basically some kebab meat and rice. I would recommend staying away from here, unless they have really put some work in since I was there a few months ago.
2_star Sadly, this was a disappointment. To give some credit, we've been here for slices on walks home from the ballpark and were very satisfied - but what was delievered to our house the other night was terrible. For one, the pizza looked like it had experienced a head on collision in the box, the cheese/toppings were displaced over to one side and the lid a mess. For two, it was watery. For three, the sauce is terrible, nothing about is fresh tasting - overly sweet and like its poured directly out of the can onto the pie. It used to be that Ephesus was the best pizza delievery in the Southside - but then something changed with their pizza and we are scrambling to find a replacement. Giovanni's wont be it. Too bad Doughboy's doesn't deliever.
3_star I have only been once. I ordered a banquet burger with a side of coleslaw ($13). You get your choice of meat and I had the brisket as I was told it was the juiciest. I ordered it medium rare. I was with a friend and my daughter. My daughter, being 4, ordered a grilled cheese sandwich and fries ($9) and my friend had the sirloin blue cheese burger with fries ($16). Then began the waiting.... I first noticed something was wrong when I watched our neighbouring table order, eat and pay before I received my food. Another table that came in 20 minutes after us was served before us. Without us saying anything, our server approached the table and told us our drinks would be on the house due to the long wait, but no explanation was offered. Then we ate... The grilled cheese sandwich was good. A nice smokey flavour, but overpriced. It's a GC??!! My burger was juicy but was done well-done. The bacon lacked flavour and was over-cooked. The fries are OK. The bottom line is that it took us well over an hour to eat a burger for a bill that came to $45 after tax. There are better places to eat in the neighborhood.
5_star I love shake shack it's very relaxing and the people is uplifting and always joyful it's very clean and I love the big screen TV so you can watch your sports it's a perfect setting to be outside or inside I go there all the time
5_star LOVE THIS PLACE! I was in Vegas 4 nights and ate here 2 of them. It was recommended by a local and is the most amazing Japanese restaurant on this side of the Pacific! Blue Fin Tuna Sushimi, Yellow Tail Tar Tar, Black Cod, Ramen
2_star I had some food and wine there with my friend last week. It was a special night so we decided to splurge and go trendy. The room was almost empty when I arrived but the maitre d' squished us in a corner behind the cash register and was very curt. The assistant maitre d' looked a little sheepish - I am not sure why. But the evening started with kind of a weird vibe. We had: Arugula salad - Tasty. Good for 2. Seared Scallops - Very nice. Cooked perfectly. A little sweet for me but I can recommend these. But $17 for 4 - OUCH! Grilled Prawns - Yum! The usual but a very good version. Again, cooked perfectly. Risotto - Lovely flavour. The rice was sort of long grain and cooked a little al dente. i like the softer version of risotto better. It was okay but I would not order it again. Rapini -Yummy and quite a healthy portion. You can fill up on rapini at $5 a plate :) We had some cheese and crackers. The cheese was nice but the portion size made us giggle. And the crackers were icky. We liked the food but our waiter was OBNOXIOUS! He kept trying to make us order stuff we did not want and schooling us in an intrusive manner. After our bill hit $130, he just brought it over unasked with no offer of dessert, coffee, more liquor... so we paid up, finished our wine at a leisurely pace, and headed north to the Black Skirt where we were given the usual warm welcome and served coffee, delicious dessert and lovely liqueurs. I am glad I tried it out but doubt I'll go back to Salt. The Black Skirt OTOH remains an often-visited favourite. PS - the in house prices are higher than the ones posted on the internet menu.
2_star Undercooked food. Few choices at the buffet. Slow service. Unfriendly staff. If you are looking for a real Indian taste, go somewhere else.
5_star Based on the reviews, I didn't expect much, but I am happy that we went! They had a lot of different choices and the food was pretty good. It isn't gourmet food, but it is good!
1_star Horrible service. First, I wanted it to go and it was presented to me for dine in. Second, the sandwich was wrong, even after I asked if it was a BLT with Avocado. Good thing I checked before I left. And there was no acknowledgement of the inconvenience and wait time. That goes a long way. Will likely find another Einstein to go to.
2_star First off, huge place! If the parking lot looks full, it's not crowded . Good but not great beer selection. Cleveland breweries not even on the radar here. Very disappointing! Come on Brew Garden! Service was pleasant and prompt. Finally, the reason we came here was to eat. Food was COLD! I mean everything! Again, very disappointing! We most likely will not be back. Too bad because we really wanted to like this place. Recommendation? Find quality kitchen help and pay them well! It'll pay off tenfold!! You can't live on beer and a nice place alone!
1_star Had the veggie quesadilla. Worst one I've ever had. Chips, salsa and margarita were good and the staff is nice. Won't be coming back t
5_star Delicious, clean and the conveyor belt was a hit with the kids. Lots of different types of sushi, salads and dessert items to choose from. Regular/kids menu available for the anti-sushi appetite. We will be back. Such a fun experience!
1_star Wow ! I can't believe people think this is good breakfast food. (NOT) I travel a lot and trust me this food is lacking in taste! I had a Jonathan omelette and grits and it looked good on the plate but the omelette was just ok and the grits taste like they were instant and mushy and tasteless ! The biscuit was hard as rock! My advice is try somewhere else! You can do better at a waffle house!!
2_star This place used to be good. The food quality has gone down big, no taste at all. We ordered crawfish and shrimp, both had a very bland taste and it was supposed to be the hot n juicy special medium. The staff that night acted like they didn't like their jobs. That visit may have been my last as the Boiling Crab is the other option. Hot n Juicy needs to step up their game.
5_star Really a great, low key spot. Will be going back for more. Best bagels I have had in Phx.
1_star I wish I could give this place 0 stars. The food was so gross. The frozen ones are actually better then these. They have no flavor at all. After eating the first slider I started to feel sick and the 4 security guards all over the place makes it feel like we are being timed on how fast you eat so you can leave. There was no seating at all either.
1_star The noodles may be good but the kung pao chicken was a total dud. Wildly expensive at $18.95 and not nearly as good as airport fast-food Chinese. The dish was sweet (not spicy) and gloopy. The chicken had no saute marks. I think it was boiled.
2_star We came here as a small group for my mother's birthday. The restaurant looks very nice walking in, clean, high ceilings. I had high expectation and felt like this was going to be a great find. It just went downhill from there. Slow service, inattentivness. The dumplings were tasty, nothing else was. We complained about the hot/sour soup tasting really gross because there was way too much vinegar. The lady was trying to push back saying it's supposed to be sour. Well yeah we know that, but not disgustingly sour and bad overall taste. She then tasted it herself, then just said she'd have them fix it for us. It never tasted really fixed to us. There was no mention of just comping that item off. Sorry, we won't be returning.
5_star The lunch is good but the dinner here is even better! Best Authentic Italian in Phoenix!
1_star Our regular Chinese place was closed for the weekend, so my boyfriend, room mate and I tried Flamingo Fallace.. Literally wish I went to sleep for the night instead. First I specifically ordered cream cheese crab puffs and when I noticed I received just regular fried wontons I became annoyed. And after I tried my orange chicken I was less than happy. My boyfriend's chicken fried rice tasted as if it had been sitting for hours.. Definitely not fresh, or remotely close. My roommates sesame chicken tasted & looked the same, awful. When I brought the food back 3 asian women were waiting to confront me, heated more than I was. I started to explain that the food was terrible and i'd like a full refund. One woman became defensive and interrupted me before I could even tell her what was wrong. She would not listen to me because i "didn't even try the rice" as if the old fried rice was about to change my mind on a $45 order of shit. I was appalled with how this woman talked to me and how she tried to make ME feel bad because I didn't like the food. Even after only eating 1/5 of my orange chicken I was sick through out the night and the next morning with diarrhea and nausea. Sorry if it's too much info but I thought I'd be honest and save you the pain and suffering of eating this terrible food. Do yourself a favor and try somewhere else. Noodles & Rice is way cheaper and a million times better. YOU ARE WELCOME!
3_star I was lucky enough to go to the Santa Monica Border Grill back in 1995 while I was visiting some friends in L.A., and was blown away by it. I was at a conference in Las Vegas this last week, and I was happy to see that there was an outpost of the Border Grill there as well - of course I had to try it. I went during lunch one day, and had the guac to start, followed by the chicken chilaquiles. Whenever I am in Mexico, I try to eat chilaquiles for breakfast, so I was pleased to see them on the menu (even though it was lunch time). The chips were cooked well, but were RIDICULOUSLY salty. I though that maybe I had just received a bottom of the basket set (or something like that), so I asked for some new ones, but those were amazingly salty as well. Once I dusted a large amount of salt off the chips, though, they were good, as was the guacamole. The flavors were nicely blended, and they didn't skimp on the onion. The chilaquiles were a disappointment, though. They were the "green" version (as opposed to red or, more rarely, mole chilaquiles), and the green salsa was very acidic. I like the flavor of tomatillos, but these almost tasted underripe, which made for a weird flavor mix with the queso fresco and the corn tortillas. The chicken in the dish came in big chunks of dry white meat, and didn't taste like it had been cooked with the rest of the chilaquiles ingredients at all. It was very disappointing. For comparison, I was comped a free breakfast buffet at the Wynn, where they had what they called chilaquiles with eggs (really, it was more like a chilaquiles/migas hybrid) - the flavor profile of that dish was much more authentic than what I had at Border Grill. I know that people think highly of the Wynn buffet, but still, when the food at a restaurant that prides itself on authenticity is beaten by a buffet offering, that's a bad sign. I'll hang on to my good memories of the Border Grill in Santa Monica, but I won't be going back to the Vegas one again.
5_star Excellent place, great food and great presentation! First time in this restaurant and I love the breakfast. They have excellent service too I fully recommend this place for a nice breakfast time and for great prices.
3_star Ever wanted to drink at a downtown bar at night in Seoul Korea? But never have the money nor the time to go there?! its here. I was there last night from 12am to 2. I was in Korea. I drank soju and didn't eat anything there,nor did i pay...so i can't tell you about the food nor the prices. great atmosphere if you want to travel to Seoul at night.
5_star Excellent! Stopped while on the road, fast, hot and delicious! I had a crispy chicken sandwich, it was big enough for 2 people and quite different from the usual ones you get elsewhere, they also have quite a bit of Latin/Spanish selections.
1_star Bring back the Lebanese food! I came all the way to this casino just for that. Disappointed.
3_star No disputing the poutine is incredible. My only word of advise when taking an order to go, is to double check your order before you leave. I certainly will be doing it whenever I take my food to go. I've had at least 3 orders prepared incorrectly over the last couple of months and there's nothing worst when you take an hour of your time to pick up an order only to find out they did not prepare it correctly. Just recently placed an order with extra cheese and extra sauce only to find it was prepared without cheese and sauce. Really! No one found it strange preparing a poutine without cheese and sauce! Maybe a bit more concentration from the cooks and a little less talking and singing. Nothing worst then when you're looking forward to a plate of great poutine only to find out there was some disconnect between the order being placed and being prepared. Disappointed!
4_star The sonoran hotdog was love at first bite. I want to try every taco, but only tried the carne asada one and it was pure enjoyment. The quality of meat was juicy and tender. I loved the atmosphere of the place, the local artwork on the walls, and the location. Not far from my work, so me and my coworkers go for lunch and it's quick enough service. I will have to come back on a Friday after work to try their margaritas because they look tasty. Overall cool place, delicious food! Oh, and accessible parking right by the building.
2_star First of all I will say that the food was good, but small portions. We entered and waited for over five minutes before we were greeted. We waited for our food for over an hour (only table there). No paper towel in the bathroom. Something floating in my drink. Definitely need to work out some kinks....but I expect it will be a good restaurant when that happens.
4_star Myself and my party stumbled upon this place by pure chance as we were actually heading to another brunch place which apparently was closed...on a long weekend!! My first impression was spacious! And I just loved the cute little bar, back rest counter high white stools and a full drink selection. Only around for a year and a half, it seemed to already have made a name for itself, with its handful of cut out newspaper reviews proudly framed on the wall as you walk in (and the first thing you would see, which was a nice touch to the place). We guessed from the blown up photo of some dude in a chef outfit crossed armed and full of attitude was the owner/chef himself. All this gave a nice personal touch to the place. Once seated, we were served right away by an eager waitress. I ordered the 'Breakfast Special' ($9), although you're tempted to say 'I'll have the Breakfast Special 9' as the number '9' reads as part of the dish name instead of the price itself, perhaps something that can be improved on just for ease of clarity. After the fumble, we were reassured that many make the same mistake. Tea or coffee was included in the special, so I ordered earl gray tea, which was served in a small teapot compressor. The menu was the actual table mat, blue and white in color with a fair selection of items. We noticed that their smoked meat sandwich's were a big hit, something to try for next time. We also noticed that the milk was annoyingly served in a small tin container, and there being 5 of us in total, it became a bit ridiculous asking the waitress to keep making multiple trips back to the kitchen to keep re-filling the tiny buggers! Four of the five meals came out after a 30 minute wait; my boyfriends came out 15 minutes after that. This was a bit annoying to be honest, but compensated for after receiving an apology from the waitress along with a five dollar coupon for our next visit (we're easily pleased) always a nice touch and appreciated. Although for that even extra nice bit of touch (going the extra mile as they say) it would have been even nicer for the 'don't mess with' owner/chef guy to come out in person and apologize for the long wait. I never understand why some restaurants don't do this, it shows the restaurant cares just that little bit extra, changing the customers opinion of the place from 'I got a fiver for my next visit' to telling their friends about it. I saw Mr. attitude himself so he was there. The meal was nice and the portion size just right. Eggs were a bit too runny, always a favorite! But their hash browns were yummy, complimented very well with the apple sauce addition. Their bacon was a bit too hard and their fruit salad was just that, fruit! Nothing really here to get me to come back, although I wanna try that meat sandwich!! The total bill for the two of us was $27, not bad for what you get. If I'm ever in the area again, I'll give it another shot, I mean we do have that fiver :)
3_star Went here with some colleagues for some cocktails and bites. The interior design is lovely and the location is great, across the street from Dupont station. Fancy cocktails aren't really my thing, I'd rather a glass of wine or a beer but I did enjoy my gin cocktail "The Sun Also Rises". We shared the salt cod croquettes which were tasty, like a crab cake, but I didn't find there was enough cod flavour it was a bit potato-y. We also had some tasty olives, bread, and a cheese that I can't remember but was served with honey and baguette. All in all a nice spot but not my cup of wine.
2_star We tried Genghis Grill with family over the Thanksgiving holiday - Black Friday lunch to be exact. The place was not busy which was nice so we got excellent service, a good bit of instruction on how to proceed, and time to look at the cards and check out the buffet line. We ordered the single time bowls which was more than enough. I thought it was interesting that there was a price difference between lunch and dinner. We asked our server if their was a larger bowl for dinner and he said "no." So the price difference is only for the time of day...i.e. lunch is the better deal. We each picked cards and enjoyed our meals until my daughter started feeling ill. Genghis Grill's menu say they don't use MSG, but perhaps they are a place that uses the alternate verbiage? (yeast extract...) Or perhaps they just use a ton of oil. Either way, we won't eat here again.
4_star This is a great addition to the Markham/Unionville area. It's so easy to get to (by car), there's plenty of free parking, it's affordable, and has a swanky enough feeling to be the perfect place to meet with friends or clients. Comfortable, welcoming, nice and bright, a variety of seating options and nice wait staff. Food is good and decently priced...plus I saw someone eating thair *amazing* looking waffle and ice cream dessert...so you may want to try that! :D They also have some nice flavoured coffess, etc., so a great place overall to sit and chat. Enjoy!
4_star Jim's was just what we were looking for on our way to the airport from a few days in Sedona and Scottsdale - quick, easy, very friendly. Food was great diner food (coney island close to the spectacular ones in Detroit) - and our waiter was attentive without being around all the time. Very pleasant experience!
5_star Drive through health conscious food? Count me in. Delicious salads and wraps. Even tried a juice and was impressed. Will continue to drive through!
2_star Good food...but won't return because they sell shark fin items. And I don't believe in finning a shark and because I don't know how it was harvested (properly or not) I won't be returning to eat there.
3_star Food is good but service is slow. Last two times we were here. Most Asian restaurants are normally pretty fast. We were dinning with little kids so waiting was a factor.
4_star Fun date hang-out. Lots of beer selection - which I enjoyed. Reminded me a little bit of Black Hoof - except the fact their food isn't as good. But for drinks & snacks on a nice summer's day this is definitely a place to check out. Just curious how their business will be in winter, seeing as half the seats are located outside.
1_star As I have noted in other reviews, I am a recent transplant from Venice Beach, CA and have decided to dive right into the scene! In LA, there are tons of wonderful Ethiopian restaurants to choose from, so I have been checking out what Las Vegas has to offer. I began my journey at Meskerem last week (see my review) and decided to check this place out. I read a post ( don't think it was on Yelp) that said that Cottage Cafe was better than the spots in Little Ethiopia in LA. That's a bold statement! Needless to say, I had to see what the hot fuss was about. I called my order in as I know that Ethiopian joints can some times have service that is SSSSLLLLLLOOOOOWWWWW! I placed an order for the vegetarian combination and the lamb stew. An order like this from most Ethiopian restaurants is typically enough food for me to make into about 6 meals. Perfect as I do not want to cook in 105 degree weather! The first woman who answered had to get someone else to take my order as she could not understand the simple phrase, "I'd like to place an order to go".... Anyway, I ordered (with a bit of apprehension) and proceeded to head over thinking that surely my food would be ready by the time I got there. I live in Green Valley and the restaurant is around the corner from UNLV. You would think that that would be enough time.... Of course there were no customers in the place when I got there (about 9 pm on a Thursday night) and the chicks behind the bar looked put out to have a paying customer walk in the door. When I said that I was there to pick up my order, one frowned up at me and asked what it was and proceeded to write out the ticket and take it back to the kitchen. HELLO! The point of calling it in was so that it would be placed and ready for me to pick up! The other chick never said a word and just disappeared into the back somewhere! Wow! After standing at the bar and watching an episode of Real Housewives of NY on their big screen TV, I finally got my order. Long story short, for $23 bucks, I was expecting more food, more flavor, and some form of service ( a simple 'Hello" would have been nice)! When I got home I was pretty disappointed. The portions of veggies were way smaller than I am accustomed to, and the lamb was way dry. Unlike one reviewer, I know it was definitely lamb (not dog or cat meat like he said---tee hee hee :-)), but the bone to meat ratio was pretty high and I had to add my own Ethiopian spices to it! Don't know how anyone could give this place more than 1 star, but I would avoid this place at all costs! Never again will I return. For the first time in my life, I am NOT looking forward to the left over Ethiopian chilling in my fridge. Being tipsy helped it go down okay last night. Might have to try that again for the remainder!
4_star This restaurant has excellent food, great music and good service. It would be better if the venue was bigger but I guess the layout makes it trendy and unique.
1_star I am mad they sell you 20 mc nuggets meal and limit you on the amount of sauce! What a rip off I recommend Wendy s better price and taste! Shame on them and if you insist on more sauce they charge hope they go broke
3_star Drive thru: I guess it's opposite day at the drive thru. Apparently a 'no, thank you' to 'do you want some ketchup' means 17 (I counted) ackets of ketchup for 1 order of fries. Less a star because I'm not a fan of people being wasteful. I know it's just a little thing, but it irks me.
4_star The lamb gyro was good, the feta fries were the best, end it out with a baklava you have a very good lunch destination. Gets a little crowded around lunch time, but it's your Greek eatery they are normally smaller in size. Try to beat the lunch rush so you don't have to wait for a table or sit outside.
4_star Hovering between a 3 and 4 I think, wish I could do half or quarter stars. I really the garlic parmesan fries, the "ole standby" is a good, simple burger, and the drink list is pretty good, but the service can be a little inattentive and I think some of the prices are high. I would go a few times during the summer to linger on the patio, but there isn't really a "wow" factor to get me back on a consistent basis.
5_star The fox and hound is located in the Birkdale shopping center. They have a good selection of beers on tap and awesome drink specials. They also have a full dinning room that services until late into the night if your looking for a little more than "bar food". If your looking for a place to watch the UFC fight then this is the place. It's gets busy on the weekends but a fun place to hang out with friends.
1_star Beware the loud-mouthed lout working the front. We stopped by a couple nights ago and asked to check the menu. Finding it acceptable -- despite an abundance of starch with minimal protein -- we walked away to go find the other members of our party to return and ask for a table. But we were accosted by a boorish old man who kept yelling "Hey!" until we turned around to see what he wanted. Come to find out he wanted to insult us by telling us to check out the hamburgers across the street if we didn't want or couldn't afford his fare. Well, needless to say, we didn't go back and had a fine dinner elsewhere. Tip to the house: Insulting the public is no way to win friends or customers.
2_star The food is very good here. I would come back more often but the service is absolutely terrible. Slow and very rude here. I've had extremely condescending waitresses here. Wish they wouldn't have such bad service because the food is actually pretty good.
4_star This is excellent sushi. The fish is fresh and the selection superb. I usually order the small chef's choice sushi plate. I always enjoy the array of sushi and rolls I'm given, and it is a bargain at $15. Be sure to try the bonito... Wow. For sushi lovers and haters alike, the miso black cod is a star. Nice sake variety too.
3_star Lopez's menu begins with an interesting claim to fame. Apparently, when they were opening, they were helped out by Rick Bayless. I loved Bayless' Topolobampo, his upscale place in Chicago, so I was looking forward to my meal here: Food: Started with the blue cheese and sage guacamole to accompany the obligatory chips and (rather bland) salsa. The blue cheese really went well with the Guacamole, but overall it was too small to justify an $8 price. Also, at that point you'd think I'd get a bit more chips then the small bags of them, or at that price, god forbid, some of their flour chips (but no, those would be $5 extra). I guess they refill the tortilla chips every so often, but it just made the whole appetizer feel like a ripoff. Went with the pulled pork burrito for my entree. This was alright, with pulled pork and onions on the inside and some black beans on top. Unfortunately, they decided to drown the burrito in this tomatillo sauce. It was fine, but if I wanted a completely covered burrito, I would have ordered an enchilada, and I didn't, so this was another annoyance. Perhaps I'm being overly picky here, but if they were going to go for the "whole dish" vibe here by adding the sauce, the flavor should have been knockout and it wasn't. Now, just to clarify. I know that both of these could have been avoided by ordering something that might have been more to my liking. They weren't my first choice; we wanted to go with the tamale for an appetizer and I had picked out the Ahi Tacos for an entree, but they were out of both (as well as something else I'm forgetting). Just seemed sloppy. Drinks: Had a Mojito, it was nice and minty, although the ice should have been a bit more crushed. They have Dos Equis on tap, so that's a plus. Service: As a few of the other reviewers have said, they do seem to have a more attractive staff, so it was a very pleasant dinner on the eyes. Our particular waitress was very friendly, although she did recommend one of the dishes that they didn't have, so that was a bit ditzy. Overall, though, her demeanor was great and it's definitely possible to say she was the highlight of the meal. I'd go back, and would be eager to try a few other things, but they could learn a few things from Topolo / Bayless and focus on the small stuff, it definitely kept our meal from being a four star experience
4_star We I have enjoyed the eggplant in garlic sauce, Trotter's in chili garlic sauce and fish and vegetables in spicy sauce
4_star It was absolutely fantastic. My ONLY complaint was that portions were just a liiiitle on the smaller side..but I guess the great food you get makes up for it. If you're in Vegas, you HAVE to eat here.
4_star Nicely flavoured falafel and an excellent chicken shwarma!
3_star I'd heard great things about this place, so I decided to try it on my own. It was close to 11 PM when I went in, and I had the Hong Kong style crispy chow mein with shrimp and bok choy with some carrots in a white sauce. I specifically asked it be cooked in a white sauce, as they will usually serve you a brown sauce unless specified. I also had their pan fried potstickers. I tell you, the chow mein was perfect for me, because they used the really thin noodles and fried it up. With the sauce and the tender shrimp, it reminded me of some of the hole-in-the-wall Chinese eateries in San Francisco. The potstickers were decent, too. I had a very positive first experience here. Now, the second time, I brought my family, and we had their family style combinations. The Diamond beef was tasty, and we gave it a thumbs up. We also ordered their sweet and sour pork, and I didn't like it at all. The pork was difficult to chew, and I felt like I was chewing on the lowest cut of pork there was, as it seemed to be cartilagenous in some bites. The sweet and sour sauce was OK, but it didn't mask anything when it came to the pork. We also ordered the pan fried potstickers since they were so tasty during my first visit. They came out, and they just didn't taste the same...like they were lacking in seasoning. Also, too, the family combination meal comes with your choice of soup and we had the egg flower, and we had no complaints there. They also had some appetizers--fried wonton and fried, battered shrimp. The shrimp had a little smell to it as I bit into it, and upon mastication, I noticed it was starting to go rancid. How disappointing my second visit was from my first. I think it's hit or miss with this place. I will try them again, but if my third visit's a flop, I won't ever go back.
1_star Used to love this place, but after the last few visits I'm finished going here. The big problem is the customer service: it's just gotten ridiculously bad, save for two employees (One younger waitress with glasses and a dude who looks like Clark Kent at the sushi bar). I'll take the teppanyaki guys off the hook, I guess, never did try that. Anyway, all the sushi chefs minus the one I mentioned are either downright irascible or non-attentive. There's one Japanese or Korean guy with glasses who basically acts like you're not even there. We went during the Superbowl, and the place was dead...yet instead of making orders quickly, he joined other staff watching the Superbowl on a TV at the bar; ridiculous. Another visit we saw some guy I think the staff called "Mr. Han." He clearly was getting mad every time we ordered something and due to his poor English (not having a go, just saying) he couldn't understand what I was saying and didn't apologize or anything when he realized what I was asking was a reasonable request (I just asked for no avocado, and he was like "IT DOES COME WITH AVOCADO!" all angrily). Staff were clearly walking on egg shells talking to him; I remember that nice glasses waitress addressing him all super-respectfully, made me sad. Anyway, this last time we went we were going for the 1/2 off sushi lunch. When our waitress, an older lady who I think may be the owner or something, caught wind of that she was all huffy and made sure we realized we had to get at least 5 rolls and that they had to be off a certain section of the menu. Fine. So, we ordered. I asked for no avocado and replace avocado with cream cheese. She informed me that to do so would be $1. In EVERY visit I had come and done this, no charge. Dunno if it's different just because of it being 1/2 off or whatever, but I think it had more to do with her prerogative. Anyway, I just said "Okay, well just no avocado then." Got the rolls, and you guessed it: All ones that had avocado on the menu still had it. I even got the receipt and she put no avocado (on the one, anyway), but it was still there. A meaningless gripe, I guess, but is this really that hard? Both wait staff -and- chefs screwing up (was the inattentive glasses guy, again) Then, we got the bill. Whaddya know, they don't take off 50%! You can check against the white menu on the right someone posted vs. my receipt. Got two AZ rolls, normal price $8.95 charged- 10.96. 1 tuna roll, normal price $5.50, charged- $3.75 (Should be $2.25, since there's only one). 2 Shrimp Temp rolls, regular price $7.95, charged $9.96. You might say "well that's each one with tax," but as you can see from my receipt they charge tax on the subtotal. So, they lost at least two customers and I advise you to stay away. Shame, too, as the place has a nice atmosphere and decent food. Tsk tsk!
5_star I personally rank this place as the best sushi restaurant in town. They don't use msg and its safe for pregnant woman like me. I've tried muramoto, takara, but sushibox was the only place that i could finish my plate.
1_star the worst food we have seen in scottsdale! no other dinners on busy restaurant week! our food was horrible seafood not fresh. waitress seemed to be busy drinking with what seemed to be a few regular bar patrons.... nice location but don't waste your time. guess it will be closed soon , don't fall for a groupon, or living social.!!!!
1_star Good service but the food was horrific. The pollo fundido was dry & no flavor. Could not eat the tamale it was so bad. Will not go back. I had better Mexican off the neighborhood roach coach.
3_star I made the mistake of cancelling my reservation at Mastro's because they did not have the Wagyu NY strip I tend to crave once a month. Since I was staying at the Paris hotel, I thought what the heck, give GR steak a try. The first aspect I noticed about the restaurant is that all the employees were impeccably dressed. It was interesting leaving the outskirts of Paris and enter the swanky, sexy, vibrant ambiance that GR so carefully detailed to mimic London. The service was excellent. It was clearly obvious that everyone is really well trained and service is probably what is the most important aspect about GR Steak, Unfortunately, service does not give you 5 stars in my book. Even though our chorizo stuffed maine lobster was well executed, our American Wagyu filet and rib cap was a big disappointment. The steaks were under seasoned and lacked flavor. I could have understood that maybe with the filet, but unforgivable for a rib cap. I ended up asking for sea salt just to give the meat a little flavor. After spending over $350 on dinner, my thoughts turned immediately to Mon Ami cafe where I could have enjoyed the same taste of steak for a 1/3 of the price.
2_star We dined here after going through so many positive reviews. But the food didn't match the promise. Service & friendliness of the staff was good , but some of the food items weren't prepared the way they're supposed to be.
1_star Went last week and this place doesn't even sell sushi anymore!!!!!! how is it a sushi bar!!!
5_star Always the Best service and food. Yes You may pay 2 dollars more overall but no crowds, noise or feeling rushed. I love this little find
1_star I have only been here once but that was enough to ensure that I never go back again. The location and atmosphere were fine and a chirpy waitress provided hope of a good experience when she suggested the day's special of some kind of thinly sliced tri-tip burger. The outcome however was disappointing as I bit in to my first mouthful of gloopy bits of meat with what I think were peppers, causing a river of grease to descend on to my plate. The whole thing tasted of something soaked in oil and when I informed the waitress she simply smiled and replied with 'yea', as though I was simply stating the obvious and that was the intended result. If you're normally a healthy eater and feel like treating yourself to a burger, you might as well buy one from a roadside burger truck and save the disappointment.
3_star Overall, I had just an "okay" experience here. I was a little hesitant to come here after reading some of the reviews, but a group of friends set up everything so I thought I'd give it a try. I came to Barrio Queen with a group of 5 (one was a child) other people. It was Friday night around 7pm, so I was expecting a busy place, but it definitely wasn't bursting with people. We were quoted a two hour wait and were sat after an hour, which I suppose is alright. After being sat, our waitress (who was really, really nice) promptly got our drink orders. I was happy with this, considering some of the other reviews indicated lengthy waits. Well, after getting our drink orders it took about 10 minutes for them to arrive. Okay, a group of 7 people, I get it, but none of the drinks were that complicated so I was a little disappointed by that extensive wait for drinks. Keep in mind, there were empty tables and the place was not jam packed with people. On the bright side, our waitress did keep our chips and salsa filled. So that's good. But when she got our food orders, that's where the waiting started. For a group of 7 people (one child), with no overly complicated orders, we waited 30 minutes for our food. 30 minutes! I mean, I get we're a fairly big party, but 30 minutes is still a really long time to wait for food. On top of that, three people joined us right as we got our food, promptly ordered, and got their food within 10 minutes. Their order seemed either incomplete or messed up, too. Overall, just an "okay" experience. The waits are lengthy and I felt the prices were a little high for just "okay" food. Is this my new favorite hangout? No. Am I dying to come back? No. The atmosphere is cool and our waitress was really, really nice, but I definitely didn't leave feeling enamored.
3_star solid place for dim sum. price is $2.80 per dish if you go M-F to 4pm. food arrives piping hot. big servings. we ordered har gow, chive har gow, sticky rice, shrimp rice roll, 5 spce tendon, king oyster pea shoot rice roll, fried calamari. all ok. they also have free wifi.
1_star This place is a complete nightmare. I ordered online and waited 20 min before we went to go pick it up. Someone called me and when I called back it said the line was busy. Finally I got a hold of them and they asked if we could switch the white rice to brown rice and I said ok. When I got there they yelled at me and where so rude saying they called me 5 times and I never answered (lie). They had 4 Uber eats drivers waiting in the lobby complaining about the wait time. They where completely out of all rice and eggs. No to mention after they yelled at me I just left. Thank goodness I choose to pay cash in the store instead of card online.
5_star Awesome taco shop! Great food, very clean, and really friendly staff. Lengua, pastor, asada, and tripas tacos very delicious!! Will definitely come back.
2_star Tried this place on a weekend for a take-out order, the salad was good, but I was given two slices of pizza with paper on top of each. Paper stuck the cheese ..needless to say it wasn't very good. The pizza was also bland & lacking taste.
5_star This vegan restaurant is AMAZING! It is so warm and cozy inside! Everyone was so nice and friendly. They have amazing tea (not tea bags either like real tea ) and a nice size menu. My husband got the Jackfruit quesadilla which was out of this world, being dairy, vegan and gluten free! I had the CAMPANELLE ALFREDO which had the best flavor and so so good, this was also gluten and diary free! For dessert we shared a piece of vegan and gluten-free cheesecake which was delicious The best part our bill was only $35.00 which was not bad at all. We will definitely be returning here!
4_star This is Litchfield Park's version of Cheers. Great food, amazing staff, perfect place if you're a local because you'll run into someone you know. Even if you're visiting, everyone is friendly in The Park. Enjoy!
2_star I searched for a restaurant that served Halibut and found Blue Water Grill. I made reservations for a Birthday dinner and noted the special occasion. When we arrived I was very disappointed. The ambiance was similar to Red Lobster and we were seated by the kitchen. When we placed our order we were told they ran out of Halibut and the alternative choice was a disappointment. In all it was a very disappointing meal. The food was ok but this is not a special occasion restaurant.
4_star Disagree with the negative comments. Scramble - A Breakfast Joint and its companion in Scottsdale - rock! If you are looking for breakfast and brunch than you have found the right place. The pancakes are filling and amazing. The sweet potato hash - BAM that just happened! Our favorite... the southwest / Santa Fe eggs from the Egg Whisperer. Wow. Great place. Great food.
1_star Yes it's cheap but you can tell the quality of food is not all that. I ordered the salmon teriyaki set with the dragon rolls. Salmon was okay, but required a bit more teriyaki sauce and the sushi was below average. The rolls were mostly rice which got us full quickly. Wouldn't recommend this place. Mehh.
1_star So, I have to start my review by saying that I am a BIG fan of Babbo's and have been frequenting their restaurant in Surprise since they opened. However, since they changed locations, I have been disappointed multiple times, yet...i keep going back thinking this will get better! Nope, wrong! My husband and I went in a few months ago, 45 min wait, so we approached the bar. There were 3 seats open, we went to sit at 2 of them, and were told they were reserved???? I'm sorry, I thought bar seats were for patrons waiting for a table??? Manager tells us otherwise ...she must have been expecting friends??? Ok, so we like the food, so we now resolve to only order takeout. So....tonight ( Thurs nite in July...not a busy nite) we order takeout at 6:02. Then receive an email that order will be ready in 20 min. Show up 20 min later only to wait for Another 45 min for my order. In the meantime, the poor girl who has to deal with all of the disgruntled takeout orders...because I am clearly not the only one...decides to be bitchy back to us. Never an "I'm sorry for the wait..." Good food, but awful service and management at this location...bigger isn't always better
5_star What a real gem in Scarborough. Nice atmosphere, friendly staff. Great decor. My son is vegetarian so the waitress gave us tons of veggie options for him. She was very attentive to our needs. Highly recommended, will definitely go again.
2_star I've been there once. I did happen to go on a night they were offering a 5.99 anything on the menu (ups the value point) special. I took that chance to get both a big chicken and cheese quesadilla and big meaty burrito. Both came with chips. The chips were good but the salsa bar was of the refridgerated variety. While that's obviously good toward keeping things fresh, the problem was everything was so near the freezing point that you couldn't each your chips with salsa. The excellent queso stepped in for a save. The two entrees were bland and the seating area left much to be desired. All in all, it's not bad but not so good as I'd want to return. It's a home grown effort with out the million dollar budget chain restaurants use to get the details right, I know. It's when a small mom and pop's joint still manages to get the details worked out, you have found a winner.
1_star I called in an order here during their lunch hour (which is a cheaper menu and smaller portions). When I arrived I was charged for the dinner special and was told I had to be specific on the phone in regards to whether or not I wanted the lunch or dinner portions. Very dissatisfied.
2_star Not exactly a place for tourists. perhaps it is for local. It's not very big. And there were a not more than 5 people when we were there. Simply boring.
1_star I'm sorry to have to post a poor review for Lou's. I am from Illinois and have been going there for years and years. The quality of the pizza has decreased and the thickness of the crust has become thin. You used to have to eat it with a fork, now I see people picking it up like a thin crust pizza. The flavor is inconsistent, the sauce has decreased, the flavor not what I used to look forward to. After being so excited about Lou's opening in Phoenix, I don't think I will be going back.
4_star When I want to eat Italian cuisine, Paisano's is my choice. I really like their pasta (not much of their pizza though) and I try to experiment by ordering different pasta dish from time to time and they were all very tasty. Here are three dishes that my friends and I order the most: - Chicken Parmigiano: This is my favorite and it is what I always get when I come to Paisano's. The chicken is tender and thick, topped with tomato sauce, mozzarella, & parmesan cheese. It also comes with linguine pasta. Really awesome and very filling. (I like my tomato sauce to be a little spicy to add some taste) - Shrimp Marinara: Black tiger shrimp sautéed in a white wine, garlic tomato sauce. Also comes with linguine pasta. This is also one of my favorites. Making the tomato sauce spicy really works well with the shrimp and the overall seafood-pasta feel. - Lasagna: To me, it tastes like every other lasagna but I found it better than average. My friends found it to be very tasty so if you're lasagna fan, give it a shot!
1_star I don't expect 5 star food or service from a place like this, but I have gotten better service and food from McDonalds. My visit included slow service from disinterested waitresses, and chewy, tough French fries and an ok burger. This place was awful.
4_star They have great uni sushi in winter which is greeeaaaatttt!! I've been craving for it for a long time! Twin pieces of uni sushi is just about $9 which is quite impossible in Toronto. Uni is extremely fresh and sweet, and reminds me of the one I had in the seafood market in Japan. The service is also really nice. I also had the chirashi sushi, in which the sashimi are really fresh and yummy. I'll definitely go another time!
3_star Pretty much standard Chinese buffet with some additional seafood items. When I was there they had chicken feet which I felt obligated to try. Not a good move. I'm pretty sure they had frog legs too. So if you're looking for some extra adventurous food, that's been sitting under a heat lamp for awhile you should check this place out. The Chinese food stand-bys are all represented and aren't bad, didn't try the sushi either but it looked about like what it was supposed to. Good service and decent food. A-OK in my book.
1_star Will never come back again! And will tell my friends not to go either. First of all, the wait is incredibly long. We had to wait about 10-15 minutes when we first got in because there was no host/hostess at the front taking in guests. Then we had to wait for a table to be cleaned and set up once the waitress realized there were people to wait on. Next, the dining area is very small and dark. The tables were small and it was hard to fit all our plates comfortably on the table. They sat me by the water fountain and I swear, every 5 minutes a splash of water would land on me! You can tell the walls and the floor have water damage too. The thai food (we ordered pad thai and fried rice) were so-so. Definitely not worth the price. I'm used to delicious thai food in the $8 range and this place did not cut it. The rice was dry and too plain and the pad thai sauce was too tamarind-y and sour. They're also closed on Mondays. If you have a groupon, make sure to ask your server if there are any exclusions...sadly the lunch express isn't included in the groupon.
3_star Typical "upscalish morning café" type place, with your expected menu of breakfast sandwiches and brunch fare. The kickers are three: 1) Their bakery items rule school; even the doughnuts are great- you can tell they don't fry them in sickening soy oil like most places (owner said they do so in butter) and the chocolate frosting *gasp* tastes like and IS real chocolate! 2) This area, "Arcadia," isn't much for such upscale places (besides maybe the organic eatery, Beckett's Table, next door) so it's kind of a diamond in the rough if you're in that dumb place. 3) The staff is bad-ass. I say that not in the way of positive thumbs up and smiles all-around, but in the way that they will show their irritation with you at the drop of a hat and respond rudely with no qualms, whatsoever. The owner guy looks pissed constantly, and seems the staff passes their bad treatment on to YOU. I have to hold back from laughing anytime I go in since they're so heavy with that stuff. If you're in the area in the morn', hungry, and you don't want to die from food poisoning by eating BoSa doughnuts or the mexican "food" that's nearby (Cerritos, I believe), I'd say give Acacia a whirl. Just don't go in there if'n you're thin-skinned.
4_star I visited with a friend of mine for dinner. We had the Escargot, Risotto and Beef Short Rib Bourguignonne. The escargot were delicious, fragrant with garlic and butter. The risotto was filled with flavor. The short rib itself was a little underwhelming, It lacked seasoning, in contrast to the vegetables that accompanied it, which were sublime. Regardless the best part of the night was our waiter, Jay. He was radiant and always available with suggestions and wit. I would definitely recommend that you give this restaurant a try.
1_star I'm very upset about my experience at this location. I came in with my dog and was informed the dog could not be in the store. I informed the associate that the dog is my service dog. She still insisted the dog can not be in the store. Again, I stated that the dog is my service dog and offered to show her the dog's service dog card. Which she did not seem to care and proceeded to reiterate the dog can not be in the store due to the food. What this girl did is breaking the law. I can bring my dog in as long as I have her service dog card, which I had. But she didn't care. Your employees need to be aware of the ADA laws and rules. Clearly they are not. I will be calling the manager tomorrow when she gets in and filing a formal complaint. This is ridiculous and this girl needs know what animals are allowed and not allowed in the store. I'm furious and you've just lost a customer.
2_star I am a huge Thomas keller fan...I have eaten at The French Laundry, Bouchon in LA several times and in Vegas several times. We ate at the Vegas location again last Saturday and it was a real let down.....we were entertaining several people from work and had talked it up as one of the great restaurants of the city...since we had taken them to Atelier Joel Robuchon the year before I promised a similar level of expierence.....What we got was a constant hard sell from a waiter that was much more interested in telling us how great the restaurant was and how amazing the food was rather than listening to anything we said....we heard how he wasn't responsible for us not getting bread and butter since the busser only spoke Spanish and he didn't. The place seemed harried, tired and greedy.....some of the food was really good and some was really mediocre but most important, the evening was a bust. Sorry Mr Keller but the magic wasn't there.......just another Vegas cash cow.
1_star This was our favourite sushi place until our last visit when the shrimp weren't cleaned properly, the sushi was soaking wet (with what I have no idea), and there was hair in our tempura. When we complained, they acted like they did nothing wrong and kept talking in their own language in front of us. Then they expected us to pay for our meal, giving us $5 off. There are much better sushi places!
1_star The food is not good at all. I had chicken strips and fries. They were the worse chicken strips I ever had. The were tasted Iike bread crumbs and were small; not an American classic at all. Only decent part of the meal was the ranch. However overall my stomach was upset after my meal and I'll never go back.
5_star I went to ChuChai with a vegan friend as it was highly recommended on Yelp. It really didn't disappoint! I eat meat but love vegetables too and the dishes at ChuCai were delicious!! We ordered pad thai, vegetarian green curry, and the "love bag" (deep fried little "bags" of vegetables). Everything tasted really good and authentic, especially the pad thai. I'm a noodle snob and I swear by it! It's not healthy to eat meat all the time anyway, so all you meat lovers who want to try a vegetarian restaurant, this is the place to go to!
4_star celebrated my friend 40th birthday there last weekend, the food was great and so as the customer service. definitely go back again.
1_star The falafel wrap I ordered was actually so bad (dry, cheap ingredients), that I couldn't even finish it. The first meal I've ever ordered in Toronto that deserved spitting out.
5_star Awesome, it's a Burger King Bar. Not really great food or beer, but pretty cool that is a fast food bar.
5_star Best bakery I have been in a while! They make all their products from scratch on site and it shows.. as soon as you walk in the smell of deliciousness fills the air. I had a chocolate croissant and it was amazing! I also had a tuna salad sandwich on a pretzel that had just come out of the oven. To top it all the service is amazing and they make you feel very comfortable. Definitely a must-go bakery!!
2_star nice lil spot if you come with someone who like to dance to salsa..... not my favorite spot in the world .... I was not to fond of the way they speak to guest I know they deal with a lot of drunk ass people but you should still have a sense of good character... Tips: go to the bar and order yourself , waitresses are rude and take forever to get you served.
2_star The setup looks good but the food was okayish , actually a little over priced.
1_star Our office group eats here often (against my wishes), and I am NOT a fan. They are extremely overpriced and the last time I ate here two of us came home with food poisoning. The staff is always very friendly, but I am not a fan of the food whatsoever.
5_star Check it out.Simple Gourmet has Lenten Specials only offered on Fridays. I had the Veggie Tuscan which substitutes homemade hummus for chicken with greens, red peppers an balsamic dressing on a ciabatta bun. She also has Lobster Bisque but it was sold out when I got there. Finally, she has Italian Motz Salad. Unbelievable good and a great break from fish.
4_star When the have it available, the grilled artichoke app is amazing. The filet is also consistently solid. Great char on it even though I order med rare.
5_star Well I have to say, this is a rather upscale feast for the senses. Ambiance is visually pleasing and somewhat opulent. I would say the staff is obviously handpicked and very professional, pleasant and easygoing. For a gourmet upscale restaurant it has a very laidback atmosphere. This is not to say you should by any means dress casually. You def get the feeling you want to dress nice to eat here because it does give the feeling you are someplace special. Didn't feel too busy or clankity clank like some restaurants can get when they are popular and busy. By all means for a real treat stop by this, off the beaten path place, you will be pleasantly surprised.
3_star I have heard many good things about Burger's Priest. But I don't completely get it. I had a cheeseburger and chilli cheese fries. My friend had Holy Smoke (secret menu) and chilli cheese fries. The price was $30.35. On the pricey side. The burgers are small compared to modern industry standards. Generous portion of fries, though. They have a secret menu...I haven't decided how I feel about that. If you don't look into it before you go, you are left with a very limited menu. In a past visit I had the Option which is two mushroom caps stuffed with cheese and deep fried. It is delicious and unique. For this burger alone I would return. Not sure if I would recommend, otherwise.
5_star Authentic Thailand in your bowl. This is not only the best and most authentic Thai food I've discovered here in the Valley, but it is very affordable, the quantities are great and the two sisters who own and operate this restaurant (thus the name) are exceedingly nice, helpful and friendly. I come here every two weeks when I'm across the street getting my scooter serviced. So happy I discovered it. It is one of the few places where you can truly get extra Thai hot, if desired. I love the vegetable tom yum. You have to check this place out if you're in the area.
2_star Pizza is delicious! Super friendly guy making the pizza. Although a bit more expensive than other pizza restaurants.
1_star The pork buns were good. The noodle we ordered were tasteless (the one w / peanuts). I do wonder if the lack of service/cold attitide of the staff was supposed to be part of the ambiance/trend or simply bad service. Our third visit...and most likely the last. They are just riding on the name, no substance.
3_star Food is ok. Service is super slow. Pizza and gyro that was here before had a way better menu. The prices are also high here. You get pittsburgh prices in North huntingdon. The old restuarant at this site was way better.
5_star Amazing amazing amazing. The changing themes were great. I ordered the 12 oz Filet and it was perfect. The black truffel mashed potatoes were unbelievable. Such an amazing experience. Made my first night in Vegas memorable.
1_star Worst service ever and all of our food was either cold or not what we ordered. Waited over a hour for our food as well. Our service was awful as well. Bathrooms were so disgusting and un-kept. I don't think I have one good thing to say about this place.
1_star The worst Thai food I've ever had, but then, what I've had has been pretty good. If it were just that, I'd give this place two stars, but the water glasses are tiny (narrow cylinders with a thick base) , and the indoor dining area has no vents and is very echoey, so with even a small amount of people, it was really hot and noisy. My husband and I ordered the Pad Thai and Hung Ley Curry. The curry we hadn't tried before. Our waiter told us it was similar to Panang, but creamier. I had told him we like red curries, so I was hoping it was red, but apparently it's yellow (which we don't like much), and the similarity to Panang was the addition of peanuts. We ordered both dishes at their hottest (we've had plenty of beautifully hot Thai food). The food came out really quickly, which seems odd for Thai food. The Pad Thai was super sweet, and therefore not very hot (which our waiter did mention when he brought the food). The tamarind flavor was present, but the dish was still bland and lacked any savory balance. The Hung Ley Curry was even more bland, and the heat didn't really meld with the other flavors (what little there were). It was hot, although I was expecting more based on the waiter's description. We won't be back. I was hoping Pittsburgh had good Thai food since we can't get any in our area, but the positive reviews for this place make that seem unlikely.
1_star The lines are too long and they manage the lines horribly. There are 5 different lines. Two lines for VIP and seven star?!. 3 lines are divided into 1 or 2 people, 3-5 people and more than 5 people groups. We've been waiting for two hours since we were party of two. People who were behind us with other group of lines were even much faster. I guess they have fewer number of tables for 1 or two people. I think this is terrible management and unfair.. I do not recommend this restaurant.
4_star This place was amazing! Our son had given us a gift card so we went on a Sunday evening. There were people all over waiting for a table but we really didn't have to wait very long. The fast friendly service and large portion sizes surprised us. My prime rib was not cooked the way I ordered it and they couldn't have been nicer about redoing it. We took home tons of leftovers - enough for an entire 2nd meal the next night. The prices were lower than you might expect for large portions of very good food.
3_star Upon my husband's and my arrival we were met with a hostess with an attitude. We could sit outside immediately or wait for 25 min. to be seated inside. Which would have been fine but we asked about the empty table right behind her and she said, "oh, I didn't know it was available and showed us to the patio while we waited 10 min for the empty table inside. Why? it was already ready? After being seated we waited at least 10 min before we were acknowledged at our table. Finally, we were asked what drinks we would like and that took another 10 min. And, then, my husband asked for bread and olive oil which also took another 10 min and had a "dollop" of olive oil. Our waitress never asked us if we had any questions re: the menu, once we ordered she never came back to ask if we needed anything else or if the food was to our liking. Food is fresh and tastes good. The portions are smaller than most restaurants but we did not find that a problem. We shared the fennel salad, both had a main course, a glass of wine each and our bill was $70! Now that is expensive, especially when the restaurant's service is way below expectations for this chef's restaurant. The food is not worth the price, the service is awful and there too many other options in the valley to choose from. We won't be back and will not recommend it to anyone.
5_star The food here was excellent. Far better than any overpriced Italian I've had on the strip. The wait staff was friendly, and Rudy the owner/head chef stopped by often to make sure everything was perfect. Highly recommend it!
1_star This place is the worst! On my third attempt at giving it another chance, I showed up and was greeted with "we have been very busy this morning so the cooks are all on break for a while". The wait staff is generally rude and snippy. These people really don't enjoy what they are doing for a living. Don't waste your time with this place!
4_star Good food....great atmosphere especially if Nick is your server. Don't order a shot unless you are ready for punishment.
1_star Buyer Beware - Extremely underwhelming and bland . . . I ordered their signature orange chicken and honey walnut shrimp with a side of steamed rice. All three items were super dry and flavourless . . . Portions were minimal and I can tell the server was counting the pieces of chicken and shrimp spooned into my take-out box. Overall the service, flavour, food quality and dollar value per portion are way below average . . . I would advise against dining here. However, if the craving persists then head to Schezwan Express, which in my opinion is a much superior alternative than this dismal establishment.
2_star When I came to Charlotte in 2009, Cajun Queen was one of the first restaurants I visited. The food was amazing!!! When family and friends came to town I took them there. They all raved about the food. The past three times have been very disappointing! I went there yesterday for dinner. The service was good the food not so much. I ordered the Etouffée with all three my sister ordered the Diane with chicken and shrimp. We both were unhappy with our food and the basket of biscuits that were rock hard. I don't know if there is new management or they're cutting back on seasonings to cut cost. Either way I will not go back. Sad, I really liked this place!!
5_star Delicious pizza with lots of options for toppings and a friendly staff! What's not to like?
3_star came here on Monday, no line. its good, but not to go out of your way good. price is reasonable, it is hard to find. but that was the fun of it trying to find it. no name, no sign. if your clubbing @ the Cosmo and your have the munchies this is your place. they use fresh toppings, crust is thin and very tasty.
3_star Recpetionists and waiter assigned to our table deserve 5 stars. Very accomodating, warm, and service-oriented. We came for a Thursday lunch, slow day for the restaurant. Price was reasonable. Food selection limited. Food presentation appeals to your senses. However, the taste was more of on the salty side. I thought that the "so-so" menu selection and food quality was going to be compensated by the excellent service of the staff. However, our dining experience felt disappointing towards the end. I was making my way back to my table after using from the restroom. After walking by one of the servers (her name is pronounced A-chi), who was at that time bussing dishes, I heard her say "Hi!" with a high tone of voice, somewhat arrogant, not friendly at all. She asked if I was looking for something. She kinda mellowed down with the tone of voice after she found out that I was a customer at the restaurant. That was really so disappointing!!! I just felt discriminated. Not a good experience.
2_star Our waiter was friendly, but very scatter brained. I had to flag him down for a soda refill. He forgot the side of sour cream my friend ordered. We had to ask THREE times for the bill. We were there for lunch so it was frustrating when we needed to get out of there and we couldn't get the bill. As for the food....the salsa was bland, bland, bland. No spice, no heat. The chips were good though. Not too greasy. My lunch combo came with a taco. I couldn't eat it. Hard to explain, but the ground beef tasted off. The rice was good though. The refried beans were AWFUL. They were almost runny and did not look the right color at all. The decor is nice. It seemed really clean, too. I really don't think I'll be back. Maybe I'd have a margarita there. The reviews have mentioned that they are pretty good. It could be that the waiter was having an off day. He was friendly but the lack of flavor in the food was a real disappointment.
3_star The location is convenient for us, so we decided to give it a try, as we are on the hunt of an excellent brunch place in Ballintyne. Also noted all the good reviews Toast had received, so we were optimistic. The restaurant was busy when we got there, but we were still able to get seated right away. It has a casual family friendly atmosphere and is very clean. Our breakfast started off well. The coffee was good and so was the cornbread they brought out for the table. But the rest of our meals was substandard. The waffle came out soggy, and the batter had too much of an egg batter flavor. It was as if they mixed up the crepe batter for waffle batter. The sausage patties were on the watered down bland side. My eggs Benedict were over cooked, and the hollandaise sauce was over the top with dill, and underachieved in zest. I don't think they do much scratch cooking in the kitchen. At least it didn't taste like it, and I didn't smell anything yummy coming from the kitchen. And our table was close enough to the kitchen doors to have had smelled some food aromas - but there were none. The manager took the waffle back to the kitchen and took it off the bill, and that was appreciated. Our waiter was attentive and our coffee mugs stayed warm and filled. So those are the positives. We may give it another shot, just to see if we caught them on a bad morning. But if the quality is that of packaged reheated food, we will cross it off our list.
1_star It was one of the worst dining experiences I've ever had. First of all, all of our food was cold. You could tell it had been sitting for a while. Second our waiter David was pretty bad. He flirted with every girl at our table, told us we weren't his only table so we needed to relax, rarely came by and asked if we needed anything, forgot to put in one of our party member's meal, and brought out plates one at a time. While I was eating my food my other party members still had not gotten theirs. When my girlfriend's grandma talked to the manager, Adam, and asked if they could do something for us since the food was cold and the fact it took forever he replied "I don't like being demanded what to do." So we just decided to leave. Very expensive food that was cold and took forever to come out. Horrible service.
2_star This joint on the strip was not even decent but it has mediocre food. I stopped by for a late breakfast and I regret it. The rice leans towards the congee side, the soup dish was bland, and like previous reviewers say the longganisa was like a hot dog and it tasted weird. The price was sort of expensive, too. I dunno why I ended up here maybe I was jonesin' or something. I should have eaten at the Bally where they had the cheapo prime rib breakfast.
4_star best bagels ever. and you can't beat their Monday deal! the breakfast foods are pretty good but it can get busy really fast so the staff can get overwhelmed. great for take-out though!
1_star Wanted a restaurant close to mall for burgers. The atmosphere and food were disgusting. I don't know how they are in business. It is one star only because we can't rate zero stars.
5_star I am impressed with the service and food presentation overall. Myself coming from hospitality background highly recommend checking out this place with my friends, family and coworkers. The female server, Jia, whom was serving us showed excellent service.
5_star oliver and his mother are very pleasant, offering fresh delicious breakfast and latte ... supporting local & thankful for my friend for introducing me to this fabulous cafe!
2_star I gave this place a few tries but the chicken always tastes dry and bland. One time the frier was broken or something so not all menu items were available. Not that great imo
2_star I went here on a Sunday night, because this restaurant is just across from my resort. I am here in Phoenix for a conference. The service is good, and the decor is very nice. I sat at the bar. I got the softshell crab slider and a California roll. The softshell crab was not that fresh. The California roll had strange combination of flavors and textures. It was happy hour, so it was a pretty good deal. I've been to much better sushi restaurants, but the people are nice and the place is pretty.
5_star I love this place, I have checked in 3 times but you can bet I have been here at least 30. The food is great. The drinks are always good and dont forget to use the Yelp offer for free edamame when you go.
1_star It was a cold and windy day so me and my mother decided to get in the next restaurant to escape the cold. We ended up in the Café Cherrier. Outside and inside it looks really nice. It actually looks like a typical french bistro. Our intention was to simply take a warm beverage in order to warm up and after leave to meet my father for lunch. When we explained we wanted only a tee, the waitress was really annoyed. She told us "you know for drinks you need to go at the bar but unfortunately all spots are reserved" and she added "it's almost lunch time and a lot of people are coming here" so in big she was trying to get rid of us since we were planning to order just drinks. I replied to the "lady" that we had mentioned it when entering and her colleague still let us in. Then the "lady" said alright. So at the end she served us what we asked. After our tee, we left and the restaurant was still half empty and the bar "reserved for drink" as well. So yes this 1 star is only due to the bad service we had not for the drinks nor for the restaurant it self.
2_star It's not that great. You wait in a long line to get to the place where you pay for the buffet, then you wait a bunch more time in a second line to finally get to the front where you will finally get assigned a table, then you wait in a long crazy line to get to the carving station. It was a total ordeal from start to finish. If you enjoy long long waits then this place is totally the place for you. After I finally got in I was not impressed by the selection. The way the food stations where laid out seemed haphazard and unorganized. I'm not a huge meat eater so if you are really into carne then maybe it's worth the massive wait times. It was not for me. I wished I had gone to the Aria buffet that I check out the day before. It looked very good and there was no lines to speak of. The one upside was the deserts were pretty good. I will NEVER go back. It cost me $57 to battle in lines for over an hour. I felt like I was in a mad-max movie, "buffet dome." I could have spent that kinda of cash on something really good! I believe that the #1 rating is a huge hype job by Caesars. There are posters and signs on every taxi in town about this underwhelming buffet. Once again the reality of Vegas doesn't meet the hyper-hype. If your idea of a great night out is to standing in long lines over and over with a bunch of crabby hungry people and to have to dash around goofy obnoxious people battling to get food, your home! The freaking carving station had a huge line that was in the way of getting to a lot of other dishes unless you got in that stupid slow moving line, even if all you wanted was a non-carving item like baked beans or corn on the cobb. It was redonkulus. They need to have more then one meat carving station away from the other dishes. I WILL NOT BE BACK. I WAS ROBBED OF AT LEAST 40 OF MY 57 BUCKS I SPENT ON THIS BUFFET OF STANDING IN LINE AFTER LINE AFTER LINE. But if you are a total lemming and tend to fall for all the hype, then totally, you should go for it.
2_star Good food but pricey for a lunch, no lunch specials, and the day we went, we're told they were no longer accepting Groupons, which was 3 months before expiration! Won't bother to go back
1_star This place is HORRIBLE..! The waiters have no idea about what is cooked in their kitchen. I was forced to eat food that I did not order because the waiter thought that that was what I had ordered. He even refused to take the food back! And that food was crap as well. And I called upon the waiter to call his owner saying I want to complain- I was surprisingly told that it was the owner and his wife who cooks all the dishes themselves. !! Really??? If the owner cooks such crappy food- I wonder how long his restaurant would run. Their buffet isnt too great either. The breads were cold and hard..almost like a layer of brick! Will NEVER go here again. Unless you want to waste your money, do not think of even entering this place!
3_star The hookah lounge has a great atmosphere. If you come during happy hour they have good specials on drink food and hookah. The service is generally pretty good in the lounge as well. Ask for the great white buffalo hookah (it's not on the menu). The restaurant's service is pretty bad, but I come back anyways because the food is really good. You MUST get the Athen's fries. The sauce is so good. I always get the chicken pita. Their tahini is really good as well. They have Italian food on the menu too.
2_star Okay. I guess I am the minority in this opinion, but I did not find the food at Ibby's to be exceptional by any means. We ordered the catfish filet, catfish strips, and fried chicken. Sides were macaroni and cheese, potato salad, and fries. The catfish was majorly overcooked. DRY and disappointing. That was a huge surprise. I realize we are in Arizona so my expectations are adjusted here, taking that into account. I did not try the chicken as it did not look appetizing at all. My husband agreed that Popeye's or Church's does a better job there. The "potato" salad was mostly egg, lacking any seasoning or flavor. It reminded me of the containers of egg salad you get at Fry's. Nothing special. The fries, which "came with" the catfish and chicken, were bland and generic. I would have preferred to sub these for something else or leave them out entirely. One item worth noting is the macaroni and cheese. This was the best part of the meal to be honest. Creamy, yet cheesy on top and the pasta was cooked just right. This should be a main dish! The cornbread served with the order was stale, dry and unappetizing. Also included were PACKETS of tartar sauce (?!?!?). What...? Even Pete's makes their own sauce. This was very disappointing. The hushpuppies did taste fresh, but for the most part, were lacking seasoning and texture. Hot sauce is provided, in small plastic containers. This helped with the flavor but luckily, I had some malt vinegar in the cabinet to help. I do not want to hurt this small business with this review. Actually, my intent is to give feedback so that they can improve and succeed. Having soul food is a rare treat for us, as it is usually unhealthy so on this occasion we decided to give Ibby's a try. I hope they can fix these issues because I would like to see this small business succeed. Good luck!
1_star Total dump... People lounging on their bags at check-in because rooms aren't ready...pool under demolition status-- still same resort fees charged...no call back from management about my concerns. Checked out right after checking in (ate the cost) to go someplace else...not worth staying here even at low prices...
5_star Went in on a Tuesday and got 2 gyros for 5.99! Food. Great. Atmosphere. Great. Customers and employees. Great. I ate one gyro there and took one home and ate it the next day. It was fantastic both times !!! The bar itself is also amazing during the night life, very great atmosphere for students!
5_star Fantastic food with a southern twist. The red neck tacos were superb, and are pulled pork, jalapeno cole slaw, and bbq sauce on a corn cake. This is a meal in itself and surprisingly well balanced. The mashed potatoes aren't thin as Brianna mentioned. They are WHIPPED potatoes - a classic not usually found in restaurants these days. I found them to be light and creamy. I had the salmon and the pork loin. Both came out at the perfect temperature which was particularly important with the pork loin being such a lean cut. Paletas Betty on the menu was a really pleasant surprise, and we took a fresh orange creamsicle on the way out.
2_star This place is overrated. It was fine but not at all special, not a single one of the dishes we ordered stuck out to me as being especially good. Sorry. Considering how many great restaurants there are in Vegas, there is no reason to come here.
5_star Amazing place to eat I love there seafood order baby shrimp and cold slaw fries and a chicken grill salad so good me and my boo ate here
1_star I have been to this place for a couple times but this place is getting worse each visit. If I could give no star, this place is definitely the worst experience I have had. We ordered the cooked bean sprouts n they gave me the raw ones. The thai soup was so salty that you could taste the amount of MSG in it. We paid $2 for the extra beef n there were NONE. The food was not good n the service made it worse. there are many other pho resturant, so I will never come back to this one. I wont recommend this place to anyone either.
4_star Really slow service even though we were one of only two tables in the restaurant. But, the food is consistently good. I will just stick to carry out. Order from here regularly and am really glad there is good Indian food in the neighborhood.
2_star Do not leave your homes to go to this restaurant! The place is nice but the food isn't worth.
4_star If the classic root beers and sodas don't sell you then the burgers will. Lots of choices of burgers but every one of them is great!
1_star I stopped by for an egg sandwich on a Wednesday morning. My server was unfriendly and gave off negative energy from the beginning. I waited, waited and waited for my sandwich to come out. I finally asked him how much longer (about 30 mins) and he was rude again, saying....."ummm I couldn't tell ya.. sorrrrry. He said it with no compassion and concern. I simply walked out the door telling another server... It shouldn't take over 30 minutes for one egg sandwich on a SLOW day. But honestly, It was this mans tone and rudeness that will never bring me back. It's too bad. Way to many other places to eat that treat you with respect.
2_star Tried it again, really, this is what visitors to our town experience on 4th street, something needs to put in its place before the RNC. Poor service and the food is not quality, drinks are very expensive for what you get. Awesome location.This is the last visit and last review. I am in a position to refer restaurants to out of town visitors several times a week and thought I would give it a fair shot again, no more done very disappointed.
5_star This restaurant opened my mind to the whole vegan/gluten-free thing as a dining option. I mean, I want to be healthy, but I don't want it to be... unpleasant. Especially when I'm paying for it. I got the Soup & Salad Combo of Amazingness that everyone here raves about. And it was. It was amazingness. The soup was hearty and rich. The salad, deceptively filling. And so well dressed! Delicious. Delicious. I recommend it v. much.
4_star I really liked this place, the food is very similar to applebee's or chilli's but I liked the food and atmosphere here a little better. The portions were huge and the prices were dirt cheap.
4_star DELICIOUS burgers. You wont regret buying anything from them. Their lemonade is definitely worth trying too
4_star Nada mejor que un desayuno en Ihop a las 2 am. Que este 24 hs abierto es lo que lo hace tan genial! Sin dejar de lado lacomida, increibleeeee!Y la atencion de Jamal la mejor!
5_star This is the best barbecue I have had in Las Vegas. The meat falls off the bone. The sauces are all homemade. It's located inside Cactus Jack's on Maryland Parkway. Highly recommend Yugo
5_star I'm so happy winter hours were started, but these hot dogs are entirely worth the long waits in the summertime too. And Scott's amazing customer service always makes up for it! My favorites are the Chicago and Hawaiian dogs with chili cheese fries. Scooter's is also very generous with the amount of fries they give you, so there's usually plenty for sharing, even with a small order!
5_star Stopped by based on the yelp reviews. Amazing customer service. The owner personally greeted us and helped with the lunch selection. I had the Cubano which was exactly what I was looking for even if I didn't know it at the time lol. There were quite a few customers, and the staff cranked out all of the orders including to-go orders. The wait wasn't very long at all. Great grilled sandwich that's reasonably priced. I'll be back!
2_star I've been a Bob Evans customer for over thirty years, so I was truly disappointed with my breakfast this morning! My two other dining companions had the same bad experience. All of our Omelettes were poor. The veggie Omelettes included bad tomatoes! The omelette with bacon was of poor quality. Our potatoes all tasted of a rancid oil taste. The toast was overly saturated in a liquid butter grease. The only saving grace this morning was our waitress and coffee! Truly flabbergasted in what has happened!!!
5_star Awesome place to check out on the strip . Foods really cheap and beyond awesome for the price. I got the Gaelic chicken with mashed potatoes and it was amazing and my son had gotten mac and cheese really good and not like most restaurants just give the kids microwaveable mac and cheese it was made with fresh pasta and cheese hands down the best . Also our server was beyond amazing and attentive very friendly and quick ! So if you want good food and amazing service I would definitely give tilted kilt a try and Ask for Courtney she is amazing ! Will definitely be coming back here again !
4_star Great fun for an evening of dinner, drinks and golf with friends! Would be good family and client meetings or really anything depending on the time of day you went. We went on a Wednesday evening and it was packed and lively. We grabbed dinner so the hour wait to golf was perfect for us. Plan to grab food/drinks if you can because the evenings usually have a wait we were told. We didn't mind the couple glitches with our scoreboard but keep that in mind if you're playing for keeps!
3_star A new grab 'n go sushi shop. Regular price: $3.99 for small boxes, 5.99 for large. Grand opening special, 40% off. Just opened this week so not too much variety yet but regular prices are better than other sushi joints. Quality is good so far from what I can tell. The ratio of rice to fish is fair. It's too early to make any concluding thoughts but will be back to get a quick bite.
3_star This restaurant is above average in selection but average in delivery. We ordered a couple of entrée salads which were small but quite good. One person ordered sweet potato fries which were so overcooked we asked for a replacement which was not much better. The iced tea was unique and worth it. I suspect the draw here is the beer which none of us ordered.
4_star We tried this place for the first time the other day !! The atmosphere is great and a lot of televisions for sports which is nice and a million beers on tap which is another plus. But the burgers we had were just ok which I was kinda disappointed about. I didn't love the buns and the meat was not that flavorful. I will come back tho to try maybe something besides the burgers.
5_star only pizza in area that I will gladly eat. A native new yorker, I like my pizza a certain style, and they nailed it. Good value, service, prices. All good, huge fan! I tell everyone I know, and will continue
3_star A very casual Tex Mex type of restaurant, more like a take out but there is seating inside and out. The portions are sizable, but the food lacks the subtle flavours of authentic Mexican food. I usually love the red Mexican drink called Jamaica (made from dried Hibiscus leaves) but theirs was watery yet very red! Two of us spent well over $35.00 for only tacos, water and a Jamaica. On the pricey side so not good value. We will keep trying other Mexican restaurants until I find the perfect combination of great flavours, fresh food not prepared hours in advance, fair portions and good value.
3_star Try out the Blazing Fire Chicken it's pretty good and hot with a thin layer of cheese. Definitely choose MILD spice level if you would like to have some spice but can't eat too spicy/don't eat spicy food very often. MILD is already MEDIUM SPICE LEVEL.
4_star Been to original, Hilldale, Wausau and Fitchburg locations many times. My wife liking the place says a lot, but many years have passed and they're not so alone as a brew pub. Overall a can't go too wrong place.
3_star The wings with "barbalo" sauce were great. I tried a slice of pizza and it was just okay for me. I'm a Chicagoan so I'm hard to please in that department.
1_star Every now and again you go to a place where you feel like the staff just plain doesn't care. Waited for 15 min for silverware to eat our first course while another server told us his life story and didn't realize we had food on the table and no way to eat it.......food was sub par and honestly didn't reflect the menu description at all....really want this place to be great because I can ride my bike there and eat and drink with my family(pay attention management) but until they care, no one will care to return for a second go...even though they want to.....
1_star "Wish" is short for "wish I never came here". Great patio, so-so food, absolutely atrocious service! Asked a server to pack my food to go, 3 times! Finally after 40 min in +30C weather someone came to pack it , just to bring it right back in the clear plastic container!? In this weather? If they treat customer's food like this, I don't even want to know what's going on in the kitchen. Definitely will not be coming back.
1_star I just bit into a staple in my RCK Original box. Sorry but I won't be returning to RCK!
3_star Pretty spontaneous decision to come here but I liked it :) They have a lot of different entrees and specials to go with breakfast and afternoon/dinner menus. I decided to go for one of the specials: raisin cinnamon French toast with sunny side up eggs, potatoes and bacon (bacon wasn't pictures, found their way to my friends plate lol). As part of the special, you get the choice of tea or coffee, as well as a small glass of juice. The food was good but nothing really too special and it was just over $12, including tax. I think I wanna come back and try out some of the other stuff there so I think I'll recommend it :)
3_star First time at this restaurant. Nice decor - but very busy of course on a Saturday night but no place to wait for seats.. The service was very fast - you use an ipad to place and send your order. There wasn't much variety of sushi and i have to say that the sushi wasn't very tasty. Nothing special about it. Very bland and run of the mill. I wouldn't go back.
3_star Had the Moscow cocktail and it was surprising, spicy and delicious. I was debating on ordering one of their martini's but when I saw the size of the glasses, relative to the price of the drinks, I thought better of it. My friends and I ordered their Pizza Bianco, which was good, but not great. It was a mix of chesses, diced tomato, and basil leaves on a very flat crunch bread. It was not savory all. Hard to explain. Like the flavors were all there, but somehow didn't come together. And when you reached the "crust" of the pizza, it tasted like burnt popcorn. Ick! The bartenders were cool for the most part but a little stand offish at first. And like some of the other Yelpers have mentioned before, the bathrooms were probably the coolest part of the place. My friends and I were sure we'd see Bowie standing there in the bathroom hall of mirrors telling us how much time we had to get through the Labrynth.
2_star Visited Ichi for the first time about a week ago. We ordered Ramen and one appetizer, Agedashi Tofu. The Ramen was not bad, but not great either. Broth was flavorful, but lacked depth. Noodles were fine as well as most of the other ingredients, but the broth definitely needs work. As well as the pork slices, which were thin and chewy. The Agedashi, OTOH, was not good at all. Unlike any I have had, it was heavily battered, which might have been ok had the coating been fully cooked. Yecch. Skimpy sauce and no bonito at all - hardly Agedashi! A friend who has been here 4-5 times said he had previously ordered several of the appetizers (but not the Agedashi) and they were consistently sub-par. Staff was super friendly and attentive enough. No complaint on that end. If they get the broth and the appetizers dialed, could be really good. Fingers crossed 'cuz it'd be nice to have a decent Ramen spot on the North side of Vegas.
2_star So I have eaten at this place twice and the reason I give it 2 stars is primarily the atmosphere and very friendly staff. The ambience is cool, fresh and bright. The staff is very attentive and nice. Now to the food. Very mediocre. Had a hard time believing it was on the food network. The Wolfpack was just a plain tasting meal. And the second time I went I ordered chicken fried steak. The gravy was sooo bland I scraped it off the meat. The home fries were also kind of lackluster compared to other breakfast eateries in Gilbert such as Liberty Market or the Farmhouse just as examples. What really had me miffed on the second visit, my friend and I sat at the bar. Shortly after we arrived another couple sat next to us. We all waited about 20 minutes maybe a little more for our food. But the couple that sat next to us got their meal paid for bc of the wait and my friend and I didn't. We waited just as long and also had a single item each. Just didn't seem right but all I can say is that I have no imnmediate plans to return. I believe two chances is enough especially after this incident.
5_star Excellent food! Was here over Christmas with a friend and we shared some steaks and side dishes. It's an a la carte menu so you can order to share. The dry-aged New York strip is the best! We also tried their filet mignon which was very good, nice and buttery; but the dry-aged NY strip blew it out of the water. We also ordered the roasted Brussels sprouts and the Yukon gold potato puree - fabulous...and fabulous!
3_star Traditional bistro food done well. A bit pricey for what you get though. Had the beef tartar entree which was a bit too much for one person. Recommend the appetizer portion. Goes great with a glass of light red. Go after 10pm for a really good deal.
4_star I don't know that much about sushi but the group I was with does. Remarks from the crowd, "top notch", "the waiter knows whats up", "great presentation", "best value in town". That says it all. The only thing missing for me was more atmosphere. It felt a little like I may as well have been sitting in a doctor's office. Overall it gets 4 stars.
2_star Great atmosphere but O-VER-PRICED! $3 for corn on the cob? Is there gold in the beef? I could make a meal just as good at home on my grill for 1/4 the cost. We had to ask for refills twice before the waitress finally brought us a pitcher of soda. There were maybe 12 people sitting outside on a Wednesday night. Not worth the $95 bucks I paid for 3 steaks, a family style bowl of beans and some spare bread. And the singer they had sucked too.
2_star 2 appetizers and 2 mains (Burger and a Chicken Caesar) with 2 cokes for $75.00 makes this place very pricy. Not to mention tips choices on the machine are at set to 1- 20%,2- 18%, and 3- 16% which encourages service to be mediocre - because the least you can get as a terrible waiter is 16%. (Yes you can choose the fixed amount and tip $0.00, but most people chose the % for the convenience of not having to struggle with numbers and won't cancel the entire transaction to $0.00 the tip). Oh wait! Aren't tips supposed to be 0-15%? (Tsk tsk!). Maybe 10%-15%-20%? Service: Good - Keep an eye out for empty glasses for refill on drinks please! Food: Calamari very good! Though I wouldn't call the white sauce tzaziki - it's closer to a creamy dill cucumber dip. Avocado Mash: Good texture but bland. Missing a bit of salt? Maybe add a bit of feta? Roasted Garlic Ceasar was solid. Make sure you love garlic! Burger UFO is a good burger, good flavour with hints of Dijon - but a little dry. All and all, not a favourite. OK food is not worth the price tag. Kelsey's, Montana's and other similar establishments offer a similar/better experience for less. People expect A LOT more for $75.00.
3_star 3.5 stars. Great little lunch spot offering good Korean food at totally reasonable prices and the service is consistently very friendly.
2_star Went in for lunch and the salad I ordered was drenched with dressing. Couldn't find our server to complain he disappeared as soon as the food arrived. Once he came by he was rude and said that the salad was half eaten and wasn't sure if there was anything he could do. He took the salad and left. Came back a short time later and said the manager will take it off the bill. He didn't think it was right because now his tip would be reduced. Not once did he apologize. He was more worried about his tip!
3_star Pros: Environment, waitress service Not so con: Asian Chicken Sesame Salad Cons: Not know their Wi-Fi password Is it a good restaurant for kids? No Is it good choice for big groups? No Is the parking lot enough to accommodate the customers? No parking lot Around 12:00pm after I found that the St Lawrence market does not open on Mondays, I started to find a good place to have lunch on Old Toronto and I discover the The Corner Place. When we arrived, we could sit on any place because the place was not crowded. The service was friendly and nice and the salad did not take so much time to arrive. But, at least, for me, when I arrive at place where the Wi-Fi is available I like to have access. I tried all the variations provided by the waitress and none worked. On the end, she asked me to look for one of the customers and ask him how they connect. Very bad negative point for me. Overall, the salad was okay. To be true, I prefer the Asian Chicken Sesame salad from Panera Bread. The dried noodle was very hard to eat and most of the salad components were cut in chunks instead of niece pieces to eat with a fork. What makes a mess while you are eating. Well... I did not get excited with the food this time. But I intend to come back here again next time that I visit Toronto, I notice other dishes on the menu that called my attention.
1_star Do not stay here! The room was so disgusting that I could not even spend the night. There were stains all over the carpet, it smelled musty/moldy, the bathroom was falling apart (i.e. the floor was missing pieces, the counter was stained, the shower was dirty), and on top of all of this the walls were paper thin! My fiance and I were only there 10 minutes before our neighbors arrived and we could hear their entire conversation. I understand not to expect much at the low rate they offer, but the fact that I couldn't even take my shoes off or was willing to put any of my belongings on the bed was enough to force me out of there. There are far better places to stay in Vegas!!
1_star Wow, this location sucks! Not the first time I've gotten my order wrong here. But the first time I've had to wait 8min for them to start making it! The manager was more interested in socializing with another employee. And amidst all that, my orders wrong. I'm no longer coming to this location and I'd highly recommend you to do the same.
3_star We had a party of twelve people for lunch so may have overwhelmed the staff but service was slow. Had the Applewood Bacon burger. It was OK (pretty hard to mess up a burger) Family member ordered the cuban sandwich. He did not like it. Probably because it wasn't really a cuban. They don't come with salami, lettuce, tomato and your supposed to use cuban pork which this did not taste like. ( I live near Miami so know Cuban food ) Overall, it was OK, nice atmosphere with so-so food. Reasonable prices.
5_star Favorite place to eat in Chinatown as a student. Cheap + Fast + Authentic = Perfect quick meal. Don't expect amazing service. All they want is to feed you and turn turn tables. I don't mind because I'm only there for the food anyways. If you want a quiet atmosphere, bring earplugs. If you are in a rush, order the noodles/congee.... Less than $5 for a meal and it'll come out within minutes.
1_star In Las Vegas, Rick Moonen's Seafood at the Mandalay Bay is suppose to be pretty good. There are 2 restaurants of his here: 1 is the fixed course meal higher end restaurant and the other (this one) is just a middle tier restaurant. The menu is a little strange as they have your typical American no frills seafood AND sushi. My buddy ordered the sushi portions and he was quite unimpressed. Then again, I would never order sushi from a restaurant like this. We shared the oyster sampler. Honestly, the oyster sampler is rather bland. The oysters don't have much flavor or taste to them. Maybe it's these particular ones they chucked, but overall we were rather disappointed. My main entree was the seafood cioppino. The pasta was cooked well like I wanted (al dente). However the seafood they gave me tasted rather frozen/stale. The clams were very small in their shells. The shrimp was overcooked like crazy. The calamari was chewy like it was frozen. The only saving grace was the fish they used which tasted the most fresh in this bowl. The sauce was a little spicy with an Italian kick to it.
1_star uhh.. yea. So, I used to order lunch from this place about every other week, sometimes once a week, sometimes a little longer. Usually there's never been a real problem until I called in a to-go order on a Saturday evening. I gave the girl (who never identified herself) my order, she repeated it all back to me and said it would be 20 minutes. I arrived 20 minutes later and went to the counter--only to be told that my order wasn't entered, and the two kids at the counter looked at me like they were deer in headlights--frozen in time and completely had no idea what to do next. No apologies, no "hey, let me get my manager.." NOTHING!! Uh.. what?? Seriously? I didn't have time to wait so I left. Looking around, it was no wonder my order got lost in the mix. For such a small restaurant--this place has WAY too many servers on a weekend evening. These poor kids are climbing over one another to get to their tables and in server areas. Still--even if Miss Unidentified couldn't get to a terminal to enter my order, I'd hope that she was trained to give an order to a hostess or manager to take care of so that customer service isn't compromised. Oh wait.. not this time. So--I requested a manager's email via the restaurant's facebook page, and it was promptly answered. The person managing the FB page requested my email to pass along to a manager or owner to contact me so I could voice my concerns. A few days pass, nothing. I reached out again, and declined to give my phone number for someone to contact me because one method is plenty and if this restaurant's management actually cares--they will use it! I still have not heard back from these people and they've forever lost a customer and whole office that would order food for lunch since it's so close. Bottom line--management apparently doesn't care if there's a problem, or if they do, they certainly don't value the customer as much as they should. I did not ask for a manager in the store because there was nothing they could do for me, unless they could produce my order out of thin air right at that moment, because I couldn't wait another 20-30 minutes for my food to be made. There's a reason people call in to-go orders. Total fail this time, Gecko Grill. It would be in your interest to train/retrain your service staff on carryout ordering so that more situations like these don't happen.
1_star My husband and another couple and I had a late lunch here Friday, March 11. Two of us ordered a pork entree, and the meat was so dry we couldn't eat or finish. Though I informed our waiter, and he said he told the chef, no offer to compensate or replace meal was suggested. Will definitely not return.
5_star I live down the street and never stopped in until today. I'm still enjoying my Nutella Mocha, and decided it was necessary to contribute to the great reviews! I'm very impressed with the menu they have for drinks and food for such a small establishment. I got the New Mexico Burrito and was definitely not disappointed. I also think the prices are extremely reasonable considering the great quality I experienced. I've worked as a barista for a chain, and this local spot puts the coffee/espresso drinks I've made to shame!
5_star Excellent and friendly service !! The store is so unique and makes you want to explore the many varieties of Italian foods !! Not to mention the food is sooooo yummy ! We will be back !!!
5_star Went to Thirsty Lion for a business lunch today and just blown away at the service level. I've always thought the food was good - I had the fried chicken sandwich which was awesome and I love the seasoning they use on their fries. We had a server at the table who took our order promptly, another server brought us our appetizer and filled our drinks, the bartender brought out our beers, the host checked on us after we were sat, and the manager came and dropped off the bill - everyone making sure we enjoyed our experience and upbeat while doing it. Will definitely be back
2_star Went there for lunch with 2 friends, ordered the chicken bryani.. big mistake..the rice was so dry and unappetizing like it just came out from the microwave. Asked 2 servers for a curry sauce on the side to help boost the flavor.. sauce never arrived. Had to leave the whole dish for the kitchen after 3 bites..bad bad experience, will never go back !
4_star Came here with my boyfriend to experience the best view in Las Vegas. Located at the top of Mandalay Bay, it definitely has one of the most amazing views I've seen in Vegas. I was most impressed with the decor of the lounge and the ambiance was pretty laid back even though it seemed classy. The food was fantastic, must try the braised wagyu, it literally falls apart with your fork, amazing! The only thing that was disappointing was the seating we thought we made reservations for. We hoped to get patio seating with our reservation but they denied our request. But still a good view and I'd still recommend checking it out.
2_star Despite the mixed reviews you can read for yourself about Mexi-Casa I think the food is decent. Is it authentic? Not really. Is it the best quality? Eh, not so much. But it IS decent, and I enjoyed my chicken burrito. My issue with Mexi-Casa is the amount they charged. My I felt the portion was pretty large and I didn't end up finishing it- but don't think I wasn't charged! I thought the drinks were over priced as well. I would come here if I was really hungry and craving a burrito in Dormont, (that happens more than you think!) but otherwise I'd rather drive to a Mad Mex.
5_star Three words: frozen hot chocolate. It's epic & lives up to the hype! Their desserts and food are geared toward tourists and nothing to write home about, but it's worth a trip for that hot chocolate- which, by the way, you can get from the takeout window without having to sit down.
3_star It was my first time trying Moroccan food and since it was halal, I was excited to try it out. I got slightly disappointed by their food. It wasn't that great but at least I got to try tajine. However, I liked the ambience. We actually had a great time there. We chose their group menu, so got to try a lot of their dishes. You can bring your own wine or if you don't drink alcohol, then you can bring sparkling juice like I did lol You can read my full review along with pictures on my blog: http://arzanrestos.blogspot.ca/2014/03/menthe-et-couscous.html
2_star Ordered the buttermilk chicken fingers with slaw and cornbread. Slaw and cornbread were pretty good though the chicken fingers were ridiculously over salted.
4_star First impression: I loved the feeling that I was descending a dark, dank stairway into a speakeasy. As if I have personal experience with that?! But I digress. I really dug the atmosphere: very low-key, with mood lighting and plush leather sofas. Good beer selection. Scary-ass bathrooms--not to mention that the stairs leading to them are a total drunk trap. But overall I'm a fan.
3_star Great customer service from this location. Food was descent and dining area was clean.
4_star very good tacos , every week or two weeks here, i like much the carne asada fries you want the tasty , all its good but sometimes need wait in line ,i wish it would drive true
3_star The restaurant was nice and clean, the BIG problem was that the temperature inside was so hot and uncomfortable. I had to change my Oder to go because it would be like eating a sauna. :-( As for the $10.00 chicken wrap, it lacked any taste and very overpriced..should have drove another mile to King Gyros.
5_star Great view, food, and service. My GF and I went here to celebrate my return home from deployment. Wonderful experience!
2_star Their chicken fingers were the worst I have had in years. And they are a bit pricey too.
1_star My mom and I decided to eat here in Sunday since she had been craving it for awhile. We ordered our food thru the drive thru and as we pulled away we realized that the burger we ordered was wrong. So we made a u turn, I parked, and went inside to tell them that we ordered this burger with only tomatoes and pickles which had only lettuce and onions. They gladly said they would fix it. The manager took the burger to the cook, fixed it and gave it back to me. As we got in the car we realized that all they did the was scrape the lettuce and onions off and added the pickles and tomato. I thought they were going to make a new one but they didn't and we know that they didn't because there was still two pieces of onions on the hamburger and the meat just smelled like onions. It is a good thing that my mother wasn't allergic because if she was that could have been bad. Not to mention that the fries we were served were very old that we couldn't eat them... I would not recommended this place to anyone especially if you are allergic. If you want whataburger I would go to the one on Dobson and Broadway in Mesa.. BTW... We ended up throwing our whole order away and went somewhere else!
3_star I loved everything - menu, service, atmosphere, decor, look of the food - except the taste. Sorry, A N' A. We sat there wondering why everything tasted a bit off. It was like the sous chef was left in charge or maybe the chef had a sinus infection and couldn't taste. In any case the fried potatoes in the brunch were good. The amount of food was generous. I wouldn't go back for the food. I hope they figure it out because everything else is great.
1_star I really hate having to write a bad review, but my visit to this location warrants this. First, I'll talk about the food. Overly priced, the portions were small, our biscuits were hard, and in general for the price, it did not seem worth it. The restaurant was almost empty, but it still took a long time for everything to come out. And we didn't order anything "well done" or anything that would be a reason for it to be so slow. Service - Our server was nice and informative. But I saw him so busy running food to other tables, refilling drinks for other tables, even bussing other tables, it was hard to get his attention, when we needed things. I don't fault the server for this, it just seems unfortunate that a restaurant gives so many duties for a server when all they should be doing is working on customer service. Most likely won't be back. I tried the Green Valley location a few years ago and enjoyed it, but this one wasn't up to par unfortunately
3_star Charlotte has a pretty good selection of Steakhouses; Flemmings is just one example. Flemmings is a pretty classy place with the prices to match it. It was pretty busy the night we stopped in there so clearly it much be popular amongst both the locals and the business travelers. The service was pretty good and professional. The food was very good, but it should be based on the prices. Given the choice I would probably try the Capital Grille.
1_star It really is the worst native around, the hostess clearly does not care about her job and the manager is just as bad, walked out 4 min later and went to gilbert and Germann and had a completely different experience!!
5_star If you had to eat at only 1 place in Las Vegas, this would be it. Located conveniently in Planet Hollywood, it's the best $5.99 (add $2.99 if you want a cup of soup) you'll spend in Vegas. I am so in love with Earl of Sandwich (and I've eaten there only twice) I'm questioning whether I have enough funds to open my own franchise. But it's just a sandwich you say? Yes, it is, but it is totally delicious. The sandwiches come wrapped in gold foil, and it's like a hot little brick, all ready for your consumption.
5_star A little off the beaten path but well worth the adventure. The ambience of the restaurant was great. The staff and most importantly the food was fantastic! A must have is any of their risottos. Had the carbonara with shrimp-the real deal. I highly recommend this restaurant!
5_star Quality of food combined with amazing service makes this place a new family favorite. We were out and about exploring Scottsdale, i told my husband I was in the mood for a burger and so we ended up here. The food is amazing and we will be going back for sure!!! I really wish they had a location closer but we will make the drive for this place!!!
1_star Bad. Just bad. 90 minutes to deliver 2 miles away. Greasy flavorless food that I paid WAY too much for.
1_star Everything about this place is awful. The food is gross & every single thing on the menu is horribly unhealthy. The service is terrible. Everything is overpriced. I've been here maybe 5 times & it's always because someone plans a happy hour & this is the place that they choose. I want to see my friends but I loathe having come here. And, I noted that other reviewers said they got sick - the first time I ever ate something here I got food poisoning!! I was at the movies after eating something here & had to leave & run home. Was sick all night, thought thankfully was better in the morning. So last night I was here again to meet up with a bunch of friends & discuss a bachelorette party we were all planning. They have drink specials & discounted apps during happy hour BUT you have to be sitting outside to get them. Um, it was 55 degrees outside. The waitress then said we could sit at the bar, this was after we had been sitting at a table for 20 minutes & had ordered drinks & stuff. Why can't we have the specials too?? Who is the genius who thought it was ok to give some patrons special prices on things & forcing others to pay full price? Our waitress was half asleep & would disappear for long stretches. She seemed bored and/or annoyed with us. We waited forever for our first round of drinks. My mushroom flatbread pizza was disgusting. COLD & awful. The cheese wasn't melted, the arugala wasn't the least bit stuck to the rest of the flatbread & the onions weren't caramelized. I paid like $12 for food I didn't even eat. My friends' food looked god awful too & they did some mini desserts - both the sorbet & the cherry cobbler were excessively sweet & nasty. My bill was $20 for ONE beer & one awful, cold, nasty "flatbread". After last night, I told my friends, no matter what, I am NOT coming back to this dump. EVER.
1_star My husband and I came to Vegas for a convention held at the Flamingo and stayed there. We ate at Carlos and Charlies twice because it was convenient and no long line. Both times the service was terrible. The food is mediocre at best. The first time we had lunch, the dressing on the taco salad was decent, but it took 30 minutes for a taco salad, Carne Asad tacos and a bowl of soup. They kept leaving the patio door open and we got up to close it multiple times...there was a chilly breeze blowing the whole time. The second time was breakfast on a Sunday another 30 plus minute wait for 2 breakfast burritos that were very unimpressing.
5_star I F*CKING LOVE BJ'S! No pun intended. The restaurant is great too. The service is fantastic, but then again, who can say no to BJ's? The food is pretty damn good and the beer selection is awesome. Really though, I always feel treated right, the staff is awesome. The bar tenders are actually pretty cool and personable even when they're busy. Anyone who's read my reviews knows by now, that if it's a good review it's gonna be short and sweet, but my bad reviews are gonna be LONG and very descriptive. This place got the formula right. Great food, great atmosphere, great people, great beer, great desserts, terrible parking lot. The best places always have the worst parking lots.
4_star Red Bowl is always a great choice. It can get a little busy at times, but is worth the wait. The generous portions will leave you full and the flavors will satisfy the pallet.
2_star I used to enjoy the paradise bakery that was at this location. The food was fresh and they made it right in front of you. This place just seems so automated from the get-go that I wonder who or what is making my food. Walking in the door: the flow of the restaurant is very congested. You have to struggle past the people "avoiding the line" by using kiosks just to get to the line. Then, after you place your order, you have to squeeze past them again to the beverage station. It's just a stupid design. The food: I ordered a sandwich, which I have no complaints about, and when asked what side I wanted, I chose apples instead of chips. When my sandwich came, I was surprised and appalled to see an entire un-sliced apple on my plate next to my sandwich. Not only is this poor plate presentation, it just seems lazy. I most likely won't be back. The food is mediocre, the chairs uncomfortable, the awkward traffic at the front door is annoying, and they are too darn busy doing whatever else to core and slice an apple.
4_star Great atmosphere, there sampler plate is fried to perfection, it does taste like they use the same frier for everything but it adds a good flavor. And they have great customer service. The wings are delicious try them grilled. I actually want to compare them to valley luna's grilled wing. The bathrooms are a little geto there is writing on the stall walls but appears to be very clean but is on sever need of seat covers.
2_star Nice Mexican decor. Food tasted like Two white guys from Minnesota made it. No Flavor at all. Better of to go to Filaberto's or Los Favoritos for real Mexican food. Here on a Wednesday at 1:00pm and we were the only people in building.
5_star As for these bad reviews I am not sure what your talking about I have heard such great things about this place and tried it and have actually had it 6 more times. ... my roomates and I love it... honestly hands down best pizza in calgary !!! People should definitely go to lorenzos...awsome pricing high quality product and an amazing end result !! Yum yum .. guess some restaurants just cant please everyone first time ive ever heard the negative side of lorenzos that's too bad for the bad reviews
1_star Oh my god can you say ghetto ghetto ghetto... Should have went with my first instinct when is saw the 4 obese security guards standing outside not doing a damn thing... The waitress was actually okay..but when my friend got her drink they forgot to put the liquor in it... The hookers are a turn off.. Dirty dirty dirty.. Then when they supposedly forgot the liquor in my friends drink a second time I was done.. I dont even understand why the radio advertises this place.. nasty.. Never would I go here again not even if it was the last club in the world..yuk..
1_star Terrible service . This is not my first time eating here. I know their food was served on a not equal level quality every time. But normally it doesn't test bad. This time they bring me a really salty spicy soup. And when I told them and asked for a little bit more original soup, they told me that they cannot do it. I was told to buy another meal since they do not sell soup alone. Or they can add water in my soup. And during the lady from the cash talk to me, she is keep "making " my meal with a bowl of hot water which is total disgusting for me. I just end up with let them take it away and paid for it since they didn't feel like something wrong. They just let me seeing my friends eating on Christmas Eve. Never gonna be there again.
5_star Hands down the best around. If you like spicy try the secret code "20 hot" when ordering you will not regret it.
4_star Always good food and good service. Have eaten here 20+ times in the last two years and have never had a bad experience. Try the chocolate martini.
4_star Very cool place..and concept. I loved that I could play digital Connect Four at the bar while eating and drinking! It's not cheap by any means, but considering how big the rolls and sashimi is..it's well worth it. What we ate there would have cost $200 in NYC so I considerate it a deal. Downside: very packed and some of the staff were snobby. Upside: The food outweighed the snobby staff..haha
3_star This is one where you really want to like the place as the service was super and the atmosphere was nice... but the food.. was a 2 - meh, I've had better... overall 3-stars because the service was 5-star but we came for the food... I just don't have the energy to go into more about this place - cuz well... meh...
4_star Love love love it..... Al pastor is bomb not huge on the ground beef empanadas are life.... Over all great
1_star Very bland curry and bad bits of chicken. They use thigh and dark meat rather than breast. Chicken wasn't marinaded very well. Sauces were watery and had no flavor, even some salt would have helped. On and the rice was over cooked. Nan was store-bought and just heated up. What do you expect for $5 thought, its a pity gourmet trucks haven't arrived in Pittsburgh yet all of the trucks on Morrison looked disgusting.
4_star Small brightly lit spot midway through Cesar's, sort of on your way from the main entrance to the Bacchanal Buffet. Stopped in for some lunch before going to the airport, place was pretty dead for just past mid-day. Service was quick and friendly, prices are high for what you are getting but that may just be the Cesar's way of doing things. Guessing a lower end casino would have had lower prices on food. Eating partner had the beef noodle soup, standard classic, tasty with a decent amount of meat just be warned that this soup is supposed to contain a lot of fat and some tendon so there are chewy bites and bits you will spit out but that is the way it is supposed to be. I had a cold noodle dish, sorry forgetting the name, with veggies and small bits of beef. It was good healthy and refreshing, just wish for ~$20 there was a bit more. In the end a cool spot, especially if you watch the gentleman in the front pull the noodles, worth a try for a snack, but be willing to pay a bit more than I would think is reasonable.
5_star We took the advice from fellow yelp-ers and tried this restaurant out when we were in the area. The food was full of flavor! I had the machaca beef enchiladas -- one with green sauce and one with red sauce. I'm a fan of their green sauce, it was outstanding. I will go back soon!
1_star My first impression was that the place was having an identity crisis, like a Pizza Hut meets Olive and Ivy. The restaurant is described as elegant casual, but I feel like they some how missed the mark.... Pros: good beer selection, good ambiance at the bar, servers were par (the pizza of at a different table looked good) Cons: Food, price For a started we ordered the Fire Chips. Not bad, but small portion for the price. Some of the chips were rather soggy, so they probably didn't have their fryer hot enough. My husband ordered a calzone. The crust was the texture of a "wet paper towel", the meat was tasteless and greasy. I ordered the Sweet Gorgonzola Pear Salad with Mixed Greens and added grilled chicken. The pears were canned!! (seriously folks, is the elementary school cafeteria?) The salad was soggy, the "mixed greens" were mostly romaine...and the chicken was also oily and lacking flavor. The bill for 2 entrees, 2 drinks and an appetizer was about $55 after tip, which would have been okay if the quality had been better. With the well established (and frankly much better) Italian themed Babbo's, Betty's Nosh and Tagliani's all with in a 5 mile radius, Stella Rossa 59 will have to up their game to stay in business!
3_star Second time here. First time it was clean and very good food. This time...meh. The place looked like they needed a few more employees cleaning up. the tables and floors were dirty. Perhaps it was because we came after the lunch rush? Got the Noodle bowl and a half sandwich. Portions are good and the meal comes with a chocolate chip cookie. I wish they had told me that as I ended up buying cookies! I hadn't been here in a few years and forgot. The cashier should tell you this. The sandwich was just ok. As I write this I cant even remember which one I had! That is how unmemorable it was. The Noodle bowl was very good and I took it to go. If you are looking for a fast meal this is ok. Get the cookies though! They are the best part of the visit!
5_star Authentic Mexico City style cooking( i.e. Not smothered in yellow cheese, with ridiculous portions and massive amounts of sour cream). Family owned, traditional, and healthy alternative to the usual Mexican food in Phoenix. The chef herself actually came out to greet us. So happy this little gem is in our neighborhood!
1_star When I first saw this L&L I was happy since I love Hawaiian bbq. Boy I regretted going here. I ordered the BBQ ribs but was given the chicken bbq. When I brought it up to the girl at the register she blamed me for the error then charged me another $2 for the difference. I had to wait another 5-7 minutes for my food. When I got my food there were a couple ribs the rest were pieces of meat with more fat than meat. (this isn't what I call ribs) I took a few bites then threw my food away. Had to stop at another restaurant for more food. This place is a waste of money. Next time I'll drive the few miles to Aloha Kitchen.
4_star Chili chicken was good, not the best i have ever had but good enough to keep me coming back as was the General Tao chicken. Great value. Food is good and prices are very reasonable. Thos is more of a pickup or fast food place.
4_star I am so thrilled that there is a walkable breakfast place in the neighborhood that is...you know, good. Very nice to have a place right down the block! The coffee is tasty, the service is good, the prices are reasonable, and the menu looks good. I got a breakfast burrito, husband got a breakfast gyro. They were both tasty. It is very clean, comfortable. Shame they aren't open for dinner.
1_star I would not recommend this restaurant. We had a party of 9 and we waited at least 30 minutes from the time we ordered until our dishes arrived. And that wasn't even the worst of it. When we tried to tell the busboy, waitress, and manager, they all adopted a "not my problem" attitude. First we ordered water. The waitress brought a tray of water and just left it on a nearby table. This is in Las Vegas, where people tend to get thirsty after a long, hot day. After a few minutes we were about to get up and serve ourselves when another server finally put the water on our table. Then there was the long waiting period from the moment we ordered until our food arrived. It took so long that we started to check our watches, so I know that it took at least 30 minutes until the last person got served. The first person was served in 15 minutes. Then, one by one, the dishes slowly came to our table. The first person actually finished her dinner before the last person was served. I was the second-to-last person to be served. The last person was a 13 year-old boy. I decided to wait until he got his plate, and it's a good thing I did because our waitress then came by, grabbed my dish, and said, "You got the wrong dinner," before hurrying off with it. There was no apology. No "Sorry for the mix-up". She just grabbed it and left. That means someone else in the restaurant also got their dish late, and might've gotten a dinner that was partially eaten. The waitress didn't even check. Ten minutes later, my dish arrived, so I ended up being the last to be served. When we tried to tell a busboy about the long wait, he simply said, "There are a lot of dishes" -- as if it's not his problem, and that there's no one he can mention this to. When we tried to tell our waitress how long our wait was, and how bad the service was, once again, she didn't apologize and didn't even offer any explanations. We asked for the manager and she simply shrugged and brought him over. I told the manager how long we'd been waiting and he adopted a very defensive attitude. When I asked him who his manager, or the owner of the restaurant was, he simply said that the restaurant was owned by a corporation and that I should contact "Vivian" (whomever that might be). In other words, he not only wouldn't acknowledge the problem, he wouldn't take responsibility for it, nor give us an easy way to inform anyone else. It took three discussions with the manager before he finally let go of his ego, apologized, and offered to look into the problem. To his credit, he also took my dish off the bill. But the cost of the meal isn't important. The problem is with the ineptitude of the staff, and the attitude of the waitress, busboy and manager. The final insult was that the bill came with an automatic 18% gratuity. That's because we had a party of nine. So the staff gave themselves an 18% tip for giving us bad service. When the tip is automatically included, that takes away your ability to vote. Before you come to this restaurant, imagine that you'll wait a long time for your dinner, get a lousy attitude, and that you might still have to tip them as if you got great service. Then think of all the other restaurants in Las Vegas that you can give your money to and go there instead.
1_star Rude waiter.. Don't you dare ask for something coz he will give you an attitude. Not worth your money
2_star Went there for brunch. Amazing service and friendly staff. I wish I could say the same about the food.. We found it all overly greasy, without the flavour to match. If you want that hangover fix of greasy spoon then go for it.
1_star Food was ok at best. Beer selection is good, if you can actually get a beer. Service is terrible. Don't bother.
2_star The 2 stars is for overall experience. The food was fantastic. Service was a joke. We sat in the bar area at a table. Absolutely no communication with our waitress/bartender. Never commented on "how we were", and never seemed to notice when our glasses were bone dry. Even after coming to the table to take away our plates. "Do they train servers/bartenders anymore"? Not to mention...when you don't have a beer(s) better to have a sign or have bartender let you know before ordering. I'd like a pint of .......please. "Oh,...no we are out of that one. Well we TRIED to order 5 different beers that the Bier Markt WAS out of. It is frustrating to order and THEN be told. When you let guests know before hand via a board/bartender communication this doesn't bother guest at all. Please train staff properly!! I believe you were short staffed. Not good enough for the prices you charge. I would love to go back if this could get rectified.
4_star To me, this is the only sandwich place in Kent. Do not even bother with the rest, let them fade into the night. They've always treated me well and the food has never disappointed, ever. The salads, the chip selection, bar none. And they deliver!
5_star Wowee this place was great. Forever changed my impression of buffets. And crablegs. A great, great place.
2_star Meh. Long wait. Risotto undercooked, salmon OK. Lobster mac n cheese missing lobster, runny cheese. Failed to seat on patio as reserved. Gave table to another group. Enjoyed my post meal cheeseburger from In N Out. I hate pretentiousness.
3_star The sushi here is amazing! I love the huge all you can eat selection and all the different types of rolls and appetizers that they have! Super delicious! Every time I come in I would rate them five stars, except for last night. Last night I had not the best experience with customer service. When I go to all you can eat sushi I like to order two rolls to begin with, and as I finish them I will order more one at a time. My waitress, Ingrid, seemed irritated and annoyed every time I would order another roll. Isn't that the point of all you can eat sushi? To order more rolls if you're still hungry because you're paying for all you can eat... Anyways it's a shame because this place is so delicious yet they have servers that lower their reviews.
3_star I like a few items on the menu: Squash tacos Fries Daily soups And the awesome green candy drink. I usually grab my I'm not a fan of the slow service and loud atmosphere but will eat here if I must. Why does heathy food have to be sooooooo expensive??!!
4_star We've been to Tokoyo lobby twice. Both times were great. I'll start by saying I gave it four stars instead of five because it is small, small, small inside and the ambiance isn't fantastic. But the things you must do for good sushi! I can't recall for certain the name of our favorite roll, but I believe it was the Glendale roll. Deep fried goodness is all I can say! I know, it isn't traditional sushi, but I just can't do raw fish! Nuff said. We tried two other kinds which were good as well, but the deep fried goodness overshadowed the other ones and I have erased them from my memory. The pot stickers were ok, not fabulous. The green tea was great and came in cute little tea pots. I haven't had sake here and I don't know why, since I usually get sake. Guess I'd better head back for some more sake and sushi!
1_star STICK WITH EGGWORKS, EGG AND I, CRACKED EGG, or RISE AND SHINE, not this dump! The food here is flavorless and since Americans basically will eat anything with salt and sugar, it will be fine and reviewed well by most of them; HOWEVER, if you actually want flavor and service, go elsewhere. Server didn't some back at all after delivering food to bring pancakes, coffee refill, napkins, etc. She only came back for the check claiming the kitchen is backed up, which is irrelevant when relating to service. When I left, manager rung up bill and didn't even ask how everything was because he probably knew how terrible the complaints are in there due to flavorless food and lack of service. I then told him that I am further dissatisfied as to why he didn't ask how my meal was, but he could care less since it is busy and this place is making money from people who don't know any better. HELLO!!! THE MAPLE SYRUP THEY SERVE WITH THEIR 'FANTASTIC PANCAKES' IS THE CHEAP ONE WHICH HAS "HIGH FRUCTOSE CORN SYRUP" LISTED AS #1 OR #2 INGREDIENT, but most fatties just eat that up. A normal person knows that there is only one ingredient in maple syrup, and that is MAPLE SYRUP. Again, don't come here, go to the above mentioned places down the street.
5_star My favorite Thai on the west side! The Tom Yum Kai and Panang Curry are AMAZING! Hint: Get the Panang Curry with Salmon AND Beef!
5_star Had a dinner party here in one of their private dining rooms. The food, drinks, and service were all outstanding. Started with the calamari, Antipasto (w/cured meats, artisan cheese, marinated olives, Marcona almonds, quince paste and flat bread), Crispy Calamari with aioli and Lamb Merguez Sausage; followed by the Caprese; mozzarella, tomato and basil; and for the main course I had the Flat Iron steak, fingerling potatoes, shishito peppers, piperade sauce (cooked perfectly). I finished off my meal with the Julia Baker Chocolate Mousse Cake. I have to say everything was 5 star: food was fabulous, service was excellent, I'll certainly be back again!
3_star Overall a decent place, clean curtious staff. Had the brisket, was well seasoned but a bit on the dry side.
2_star I went here because the reviews were good but I was very disappointment. The atmosphere and the staff were very nice which is where the two stars comes from. However, the food was very bland and I thought it was overpriced. This place was a disgrace for a state that is known for their Mexican food.
3_star I love Ethiopian food. The service here was very good, the restaurant was clean and I thought the ambience was good as well. Definitely a fun place for a group of friends or a date night. Shared several meat and veggie dishes with a friend and wasn't terribly impressed by the flavor. To be honest, it rather lacked flavor altogether and there was surprisingly little spice. I wouldn't rush back for myself or with friends who are into ethiopian, but if I had friends who i wanted to introduce to the ethiopian dining experience who might be a bit hesitant of spice, I would consider Sheba.
3_star I've been here a few times now, and how come I've never seen a Thai person eat here???? The food is definitely good, but the best??? I would say it's good, but not great. Very touristy and the prices are also a bit high. The portions are kind of small too. For those of you who have been to some of the GREAT Thai places in Thai Town in Hollywood, you'll be disapointed in this place!
3_star Bonefish Grill is a well-established commodity, and a welcome addition to Huntersville's Birkdale Village shopping center. On a Thursday evening the restaurant was packed. The service was frantic and a little slow, but friendly and competent. I chose n orange roughy special, and it was a bit overwhelmed by its toppings and flavors. In hindsight I wished I had chosen some simple grilled fish, which I suspect would have been better. It is an attractive place and I am sure will be successful. They are off the main drag in Birkdale, and the parking lot across the street will make it more accessible than the competition.
1_star Just received delivery and and it was horrible! Eggs rolls and tempura were burnt, salmon was dried out and no flavor. Crunchy roll avocado was brown and everything was cold. For $43.00 I was very displeased! Don't waste your time or money!!!
1_star DO NOT GO HERE !! the lady that works the front sometimes has always had some.kind of attitude which we've dealt with but after this last time the attitude and the fact SHE WOULDN'T GIVE MORE THAN 4 SOY SAUCES pushed my buttons. I wanted four more but nope couldn't be done. My 2 yr old was with me do I didn't want to create a huge scene. The sushi has always been ok. We only come here because it's a convenient location but we will NOT BE returning. Learn son customer service and then maybe we will reconsider. I am always very polite when asking and ordering and always saying please and thank you and to be treated like this over 4 extra soy sauce 2as ridiculous. I'd give zero stars but it won't let me.
2_star Wow, has the mighty fallen. Back in the day this was my favorite restaurant in the US. They had rock stars with Pasty Chef Megan Romano, Master Som Willie Sheer, and Chef Poussel. They changed everything up, had MGM go cheap and push them around and ended up killing the restaurant. Well played. I have dinned with them a bunch of times since the changes and it has really gone down hill, and with the bad kitchen performance you can tell the staff is demoralized. Food is uninspiring, cutting corner on food costs/portion size, and no attention to detail. The saving grace is Sal, David, and Kyran who are still providing exemplary service. I still go to drink wine and order carefully (cheese plate, onion soup:Charlie recipe,etc.) as a pre-game or to meet before I take clients elsewhere. I hope they give back to Charlie free reign to fix the place or just let it go out to pasture under MGM.
5_star I have had the spaghetti with mushrooms, baked ziti, fried mushrooms, mozzarella sticks, chicken bacon ranch pizza, hot wings, BBQ wings and pepperoni pizza, cheesecake and ALL have been amazing!! The delivery is fast, the food is always hot, and the driver is always nice and respectful. I love this place.
2_star Pretty slow service even though the restaurant was pretty much empty with us being the only customers. The food was mediocre, and for the price of the all you can eat, we aren't going back! There are much better AYCE sushi in Montreal than here.
2_star So disappointing. Years ago when they reno'd I had high hopes their kitchen, service and management would get better but alas...we were in Friday at supper time and there were more than 6 boats in a row EMPTY! and other scattered boats Empty! The boats that did have product had maybe 1-2 items. We ended up ordering from the server and that took forever. The whole idea of the boats is to be able to take off the boats. They should be full all through mealtimes one would think? And if the boats were full people would actually eat more or try other items just because they're there and easy to grab. It's sad because they have quality fish but it's just so frustrating. If I wanted to order off a menu I'd go to Kinjo! Parking is way to difficult now too with all the reserved stalls for less popular businesses. Conclusion - you can do better...
5_star Great addition to the junction! I love simple, fresh, authentic Italian food and that's exactly what nodo does! Great space, nice decor, good variety on the menu and great wine list! Will define my become a staple!
1_star Sad what happened to this place...the first iteration with the pizzas was outstanding. Then, they changed menu and it was less so, but still serviceable and a unique atmosphere. Went in today and was informed of the changes and didn't even sit down. It's twice as much to get the same experience you get at the far superior Chuckbox. Their wait staff, even with the new menu, was always friendly and helpful, now they are gone, and I feel bad for everyone else who has to work there. Judging from the few positive reviews that mention service and more food options, this is a very recent development, but hopefully everyone reads the most recent reviews to decide for themselves.
2_star We came during a concert, so the place was packed. It was over an hour wait. After 20 minutes, I asked the hostess how much longer the wait would be. She gave me some pretty big attitude, saying how she just told me it would be over an hour. A few minutes later, a party of 7 didn't show up when called, so we were seated. The fajitas were tasty. I'll agree that they don't offer many sides, but the food tastes really good. While we were waiting to be seated, they also brought us nacho chips, which were warm and delicious. The reason for the 2 star rating is the hostess and the manager. We found something in our food that shouldn't be there and while it was appreciated that the manager came out to apologize, the apology just didn't cut it. A free drink, something off the bill, a desert, anything at all would have saved this review. Good food, just please inspect it carefully before eating.
1_star Usually love School - longtime repeat customer. This morning, took my parents visiting from out of town and had a very disappointing customer service experience. It was 9:30am and the music was loud to the point where we could not hear one another. Asked our server politely if she could pls turn it down. Explained they have a set level but would do what she could. No change so asked another server, same response. Asked for the manager who then firmly informed us that we were "not the only table here" (3-4 tables were occupied on the patio - we were inside) and that it was just how they keep their atmosphere. Asked if possible to adjust even for the 20 more minutes we were there and told "I didn't say I wouldn't do it". We reasoned that the other tables would likely not even notice if the music was mildly adjusted, and he oddly agreed, which did not make any difference to his confrontational behaviour. Never encountered such a level of escalating customer discomfort like this manager did in Toronto before, one of the most accommodating and classy food and hospitality cities in the world. What began as an innocent request on a Friday morning unfortunately resulted in a situation that I will not take the chance to repeat.
3_star Food came out fast. Portions rather small. Food didn't have as much flavor as we expected. Place is small, intimate and packed on Friday night.
2_star WHAT A COMPLETE WASTE OF MONEY AND TIME! OMG! +1 star for decor... super cool +1 star for having crepes for dessert My boyfriend and I wanted to come here to check out what all the rave was about. First off, we went on a weekday. It was like a Tuesday night, and they still had a long line; therefore, we were hoping it'd be a meal to remember! Boy, were we right! It WAS a meal that we'll never forget for ALL THE WRONG REASONS! It was $40 per person, which was like the most we've paid for a buffet on the strip... and we're such FOODIES! We got it and checked out what they had. There were no oysters. They only had snow crab and it was grilled... not steamed. They had so much space and not enough food selection. For instance, there was an Indian food counter and they had naan but there was no curry, no tikka masala to eat the naan with. They had Indian rice! WTF? They had prime rib, but it was so hard and chewy and it wasn't even warm at all! Yes, granted my expectations were a bit high, but seriously, Steve Wynn and do A LOT BETTER! They didn't have oysters, or sushi, or anything good, really. The service was crappy. Our waitress barely ever checked up on us or cleared our table. We had to stack up our plates pretty high for her to finally come over and take them. We had to keep flagging her down for refills of water and coke. She kinda gave us the feeling she was avoiding us or ignoring us. I HATE THAT... especially at a place that's supposedly HIGH CLASS?!? I dunno what other people are raving about. Seriously, this place had a wide selection of breads, not a variety of foods. I guess a lot of people are drawn to the pasta station? I guess the majority of people who go here and "LOVE IT" are either really drunk or completely starved from gambling that they can't differentiate from the lack of quality in the food as well as the selection. Honestly, the only thing I liked about the buffet at Wynn was their dessert. They had gelatos, candy apples, cupcakes, creme brulee, flan, fruits, and customized crepes. RECOMMENDATION: GO TO BELLAGIO! It's only like $30 and they have a wider selection of food. If you don't care about how much you spend and you're not a foodie, THEN THIS IS THE PERFECT PLACE FOR YOU!
5_star I can't say enough good about this place. Oysters are always fresh and they bring in daily from both coasts. Go on a Monday and you'll get the two for one deal; that's 2 dozen for $30...wow!!! As a seafood lover it has become my favorite haunt for a great meal. My daughter (teenager ) loves their lobster poutine and I am in love with their blue crab claw butter lettuce salade with homemade butter milk dressing.
2_star We visited the restaurant for the first time with our friends on Saturday. They had been there before and recommended it. The overall experience was ok, and food was the best part. The place is way too loud: it was packed and the music was very loud. I did not hear a thing what the waitress said about the tacos that she served. I event felt that it was too embarrassing to ask what it is for the third time. The tables were quite small but we still had to shout to our friends on the other side. We had to ask several times when are we going to get the tacos we ordered. Our friends had already finished their meal when we got the last tacos. The waiters did not seem to know what we were having either and there was a lot of confusion. I found our waiter a bit arrogant too. Actually one of the rudest that I've met in Toronto. We just paid 160 dollars, you don't have to be rude to us, okay. And what is the point of playing the music so loud?
5_star Ambience on point. Location is prime. Friendly yet knowledgeable service. Some may think the food is pricey but the quality is definitely fair for the price, not to mention killer happy hour specials.
2_star The food is okay but service is terrible. I have been here twice. Each time it took forever to get service. The first time we were getting ready to order again when we got handed our check. Wow! Not once did the server swing by to ask if I needed anything. Second visit - I was served coffee and had to wait 20 minutes to get cream and sugar by which time my coffee was cold. It wasn't even crowded! The food was average at best. Walked in to pay my check as I got tired of waiting. Not too clean either. Would not visit again.
4_star Great food, great presentation, very knowledge accommodating and friendly waiters, slow service
3_star I use to come here more often andI forgot why. So i made a special trip. I order the beef noodle and tendon along with a side order of sticky tofu. I was expecting more from the beef. But it was good but I was underwelmed. The beef tendon was good though. Hand made noodles was a little under cooked. Tofu was great as usual. Over it was an ok experience but I use to love the place inside First market place that closed ten years ago. Then opened up at leslie and 16 th for about a year. That was the best beef noodles in town
3_star It was okay, nothing special. I really like rice noodle and this place specializes in it. The "On Bridge Rice Noodle - original broth" is really bland but my friend who ordered it said that with the toppings it was good. I had the Specialized Rice Noodle with beef tenderloin and it was okay. Service and atmosphere was average.
3_star I ordered the 7 piece sushi combo, two of the pieces are not what I would expect, one was tofu and one was the fake crab fish you see used in place of crab. At 18.00, this was a disappointment.
1_star I don't know what all the hype is about, although everybody talks about the huge corned beef sandwiches. They don't offer one that the average person can eat--and afford. This place is wayyyyy overpriced for a corned beef sandwich, even if it is big, and a number of other menu items. The dining room is a dive. You would think they would put some money into it considering how much they charge. They don't take take-out orders. You have to stand in line like herded cattle.
1_star I have never ate here before during their normal menu hours. I have been to the one on DI when they were open but this is my first time at the new location. This review is for the groupon purchase of the -Naked Sushi Event- only. When you purchase the groupon a reservation is required. They only hold this even on specific days out of the month and it starts very late. Our reservation was for Oct 22, 2011 at 10:30. Once inside you HAD to pay a mandatory $5 gratuity which was not stated any where on the groupon that right there already pissed me off. You were also handed a drink coupon as mentioned in the groupon. Food: set up around 1 hibachi table buffet style and you just go around and help yourself. Two models taking turns lying on the table wearing pasty flowers and nude panties with banana leaves covering the appropriate areas. They did have sushi laid on the leaves, but you were not permitted to eat the pieces of sushi off the model. -Sushi: the night started off well with a semi large variety. California rolls, nigiri (salmon, tuna, yellow tail, shrimp) I think they made the rice portion a little larger than normal. They had some specialty rolls like spider rolls and 2 concoctions that I don't know the name of but were pretty tasty, and spicy tuna rolls. I was able to make about 2 rounds with a pretty decent selection. At round 3 all the nigiri was gone and everything was replaced with California rolls and maybe one plate of spicy tuna. -Sides: EVERYTHING they had as a side that was supposed to be hot was COLD!!!!! gyoza was not crunchy even when I got there just a little after I saw it come out of the kitchen. I didn't try the egg rolls, the shrimp tempura was starting to get a little soggy and was just barely a little past warm. Chicken skewers were awful COLD and dry. They also had a beef side that also was not favorable. -Fried rice: was made fresh. The rice I will have to say tasted like butter. It was so oily and I just felt like I was gaining a pound every time I took a bite. That didn't help the flavor either. I know you need a little bit of fat to make stuff taste good but that was gross. The chef tried to give me a whole scoop but I told him right away to give me 1/2 of that because 1. I didn't want to waste it and 2. you don't want to get full off of rice. - DJ was pretty impressive. Had a good mix going on the whole night. - Service: No one comes by your table to explain this to you or to let you know that there will not be waiter service. We had to ask the hostess after she was done sitting another party where our waiter was. she explained that if we needed any beverages we would have to go to the bar. WATER! don't expect to you get any water during your meal at this event. We went to the bar and asked for water and was told that they were not permitted to give out regular water and they for the night they were only serving bottle water that they were CHARGING you for. If you didn't want to pay for the bottled water you could use your drink coupon for it instead. WTF!! who doesn't serve water at a restaurant?!! They were actually refusing us water. expect a busser that constantly cleared the table. when I say clear I mean he took: the chop sticks, soy sauce dish, and your wasabi/ginger dish. so every time you came back to your table you had to start all over. I would not recommend going to this event.
5_star Had the fried chicken with spicy honey sauce. Perfect crunch, perfect flavor, perfect all around. Green beans with yogurt sauce, biscuit, and deviled eggs rounded out a meal that I would again fly across the country for! Service was friendly, anticipated my every need, and exceeded expectations by a long shot.
3_star Desserts are the star here! If you come solely for a frozen hot chocolate or yummy treat, you'll have a 5 star time all the way! HOWEVER, if you come here for dinner, don't expect anything different than you could get at your local diner. And for triple the price. Waitstaff seem hurried and frazzled. Hostesses are drone-like. Very mediocre service. That being said, I will ALWAYS be back for the signature frosty indulgences...no matter how blah everything else may be!
4_star This is your typical Red Lobster. I have always loved the food, and the reason it gets four stars is because I live in Arizona and not in Maine or California. Also, you can get just shrimp or crab, where as the higher end seafood places mix it into some monstrosity of a dinner. And, the biscuits. Amazing. I also like getting my salad on a cold plate, mentally it tells me it's crisp.
2_star I wanted a rice, chicken and veggie bowl but the only sauce choice was Teriayki (not my fav). I ordered anyway. Then when I was waiting for my food, I read the ingredients on the Teryaki bottle on the counter which has High Fructose Corn Syrup. Darn it! When I got my food, it was a good amount of chicken, rice and veggies but the veggies were not seasoned at all and the broccoli seemed past its prime (some florets were yellow). On the plus side, it seemed clean and was pretty fast. But I'll spend my counter service dollars somewhere else.
5_star We tried the Coronado Cafe last night, and it exceeded our expectations. The ambience was lovely, service excellent, and the food was fabulous. Their meatloaf (this is NOT your mother's meatloaf) has to be the best on the planet. We will definitely return.
1_star This place is HORRIBLE! We got here at 5:40pm on Friday and I understand that it's busy on weekends but it is now 7:02 and my food is still not out yet! I will never be back here again that's for sure! HORRIBLE customer service! I will let all my relatives and friends know never to come here! If I could give this place zero stars I would! Super disappointed!
3_star My hopes were extremely high for good southern food as the reviews seemed to rave everywhere I looked. However, if you are a real southerner who is used to home cooked meals by your grandmother/mother then you will not be impressed. The chicken is not as nearly impressive as it looks. It is NOT crispy, rather the skin is falling off with an almost too soft light texture. So you never really get that awesome and satisfying crunch when you think of great fried chicken. The concept was ideal but they didn't pull it off. The best dish was the Short Rib $32 14 oz. bone in short rib, charred corn, green beans sweet garlic bordelaise, cauliflower mashed potatoes. Expect a small portion of this with over-powering flavors of lingering oils! House Fries were yummy and yummy! Mac n Cheese, well texture and flavor nice but a little sweet for my palate. You won't be satisfied until you have the experience and can testify to your own dining experience here.
4_star This is certainly not your typical mexican restaurant with classic tacos/burritos and a side of refried beans. This place redefines mexican cuisine. Instead of nachos/salsa, they gave me small slices of bread and some sort of chopped olive salad. It was a refreshing change to say the least. I forgot the name, but I ordered the steak filet covered in crab meat and smothered in a perfect amount of mole sauce I think. Oh my that was tasty. The flavor was so new to me that I can't even compare it to anything I had before. The steak was cooked to perfection and even the side of veges was fantastic. I got the crepe dessert which was equally delicious. The only downside was the price but that's not really something to expect with this quality of food. The place is also kinda on the small side so I'm sure it gets packed during rush hours.
5_star We tried Stumpys after a recommendation from a friend when we moved into the neighborhood. Nothing but great things to say. The pizza is bomb, the sandwiches are fantastic, and I think I foodgasmed just a bit over my calzone tonight. It showed up 25 min after ordering, hot, fresh, and delicious. Our new go to pizza place.
4_star I really enjoyed the Oink French toast combo! The whipped cream, strawberries and blueberries, along with the drizzle make this plate!!! The staff here is amazing and very friendly! I enjoy coming here!
2_star Food was ok. Nothing great. The egg rolls they served my girlfriend and I tasted freezer burned. The service was very unprofessional. Our server yelled from the table next to us to the cashier asking to bring them to go boxes. Probably will not go to this location again.
5_star Best pastrami sandwich I've ever had in my life. Wife had the meatball sandwich which was phenomenal as well. Will definitely be back.
5_star I have been frequenting OBH since they opened. A GASTRO DELIGHT AND GREAT STAFF! Fresh local organic fruit veggies. I have tried many many items on the menu and have found a a few to be only great while most are exceptional. Portions are on the "you may hurt yourself trying to finish it all." I always have leftovers to take home. Well unless I am hungover then the chicken fried steak and french toast special has no chance. The owner is always checking to make sure everything is great. I have dined with people that have food allergies and when ordering they forgot to have some of the ingredients listed on the menu removed. When the food came out she was not able to eat it. She figured she ordered it wrong so she would take it home for someone else to eat. The waitress asked why she was not eating and insisted that they remake the food so she could enjoy a meal with the rest of us. For quality and quantity of food the prices are very fair. Don't let the lines detour you they move fast. P.S. I had planned to take a picture of my meal but when the food arrived it looked so good I dug in and was half way done by the time I remembered I wanted to take a picture.
4_star Update to my previous review. I was contacted directly by the manager and they wanted to rectify my previous experience. They invited us to be their guests next time we were in the restaurant and they made the experience excellent. This is the mark of an extraordinary establishment. Understanding that their business is make customers happy and making sure they come back. Still the best steak in town and my favorite place in the city.
2_star Was a decent experience, Though, the Burata Pizza was Amazing! Other than that I had better. I went there and the restaurant was empty only two couples beside us, the service was very slow I don't know why! Also, I think it is bit expensive for what you get.
2_star I don't know what Happened to Red Lobster, but it definitely is not the same as it was 20 years ago. Nothing on the menu looked fresh. I ordered a lobster soup, and it was way too salty. Yes, it tasted like frozen salt water seafood. Not sure why people like this place, I can only assume because it is a seafood restaurant that caters to low class people who do not know the quality seafood.. Will not return again.
5_star The atmosphere, service and food was absolutely amazing. I ordered lamb masala, chicken tikka masala and paneer for an appetizer. All of the food was very flavorful and did not disappoint.
4_star Visited on a Wednesday night for a corporate event. I started with a Classic Caesar Salad -which was generous in dressing and portions. For the main I had the New York Strip Loin Steam, medium rare. I was impressed with the consistency in how it was cooked. My steak also came with greens, mushrooms, and bite sized potatoes that were perfectly fried. For dessert I had the Tiramisu which was absolutely rich and soft - full of coffee flavour! It was a tad sweet for my personal preference, though other guests enjoyed it. Service was excellent; they made sure we had everything. I thoroughly enjoyed my experience and would definitely recommend Little Anthony's.
2_star My wife and I have been waiting to go here for a while, we finally made time to bring the family in. We went around 11:30, it was pretty busy, We were seated right away, which was good because we brought both kids. Our waitress approached us as soon as we were seated and let us know about the menu and how everything works. We ordered for our kids right away and orders drinks for ourselves. My wife ordered a bloody Mary and Our waitress recommended a beer for me, so I decided to go with it. When she returned she brought the Bloody Mary and the kids drinks, 20 min or so went by and still no beer for me.... My wife decides to ask the waitress and she said there must be a problem at the bar, I noticed she went to the computer and put my beer through because she must have forgot to put it in. got my beer another 10 minutes later (30 min after I ordered it). The kids got sliders, and we ordered the huntsman burger and calamari to share. we got the burger (no side plates) and kids sliders but no calamari. The burger was delicious! once we finished our burger we asked the waitress if the calamari was coming out still. She went to the kitchen and returned with no calamari and told us our order was bumped..... Not sure what that means or how that happened. We get the calamari 10 min later and ask to get it to go since we were already done with everything else. The food was ok, the service wasn't so great.
5_star This is probably one of my favourite Japanese restaurants in Toronto. Nothing beats their price and their quality of food. Not only do they have amazing food, but their customer service is top notch. Most definitely coming back here with my family again! Especially love the amazing deals that they offer! definitely worth the price! Especially their winter special, they never fail to amaze me with their quality of food and service!
3_star Located right outside Villa-Maria metro station, Quartier-Perse is a persian restaurant with many available seating. I was there on a Saturday night with ten friends celebrating. I was told by the organizer that she could not get a reservation because no one had answered the phone. Thus, she had to get there early so that we got a big table. When I first looked at the menu, I noticed that we only had two major selections: kebabs and stews. I ordered the lamb shank stew myself. We were first served sliced up pita bread with butter. Next, our lentil soup came. It was chunky with lentils, beans, barley, and spices. Even with this many ingredients, the soup itself was bland, but a bit of salt and pepper fixed it. Next, my lamb shank came. I was first surprised as they served me the shank whole still on the bone separate from my rice. The lamb itself was fall off the bone tasty. The rice was cooked perfectly. The sauce, however, was again, slightly bland. I think the stew would have been improved by adding some vegetables to enhance the flavour, but perhasp that would no longer be an authentic persian dish. According to my friends, the kebabs were alright. To finish off the meal, they served us tea. Overall, portion size were large, and many of my friends did not finish their meal. However, I thought it was slightly pricey. If the food was just slightly better, maybe it would have warranted the price. Service overall was friendly, and we were so comfortable around them.
3_star OK, it's Showmars. So all you snobby food Yelpers need to take it easy. You know what you're getting - the cute little old Greek guy on TV. But it ain't all that bad. This location on 7th Street is right next to a bunch of cool shops (Heroes, VisArt, Ho Ho Cherry House, Sunflour Bakery, Philosopher's Stone, etc.) So make a day of it! And it's right next to a fun intersection - try not to get hit by a car, it's like playing Frogger. Yep, you're the frog. Good luck! Service has always been great here. They are sooooo nice. Monday night, kids eat free with a paying adult. And Jason Frame does magic at your table. His card tricks are really good. They also have a good variety of side dishes, unlike other Showmars around Charlotte. I dig the fried okra. They also have root beer to drink, which is always a bonus.
1_star HORRIBLE FOOD AND HORRIBLE SERVICE -- But hey their female employees are all walking about with body parts sticking and pushing out and thinking they are ALL that! Will NEVER go back to this establishment !
1_star The food is good...nothing great mind you, but worth the price. Wait...worth the original price!!! The website (as I found out today) has not been updated since the January raise of prices. What I though was going to be a lunch for $8 + tax turned into a $10 + tax meal. If you order carry-out and you look on the website and it says one price, you order, then you pick up and told another price, that is shameful. Not going there again...and as for the food again, it is good, but all the lunch dishes have the same zucchini, broccoli, and peppers in all of the dishes, just different flavors added. Not bad by any means, just not worth $11 for lunch (ESPECIALLY thinking it was going to be $8.50)
2_star Today was my second or third time coming to Paradise, but I wouldn't call it that if I had a choice. I ordered the Chicken Katsu, which is a favorite of mine when it comes to Hawaiian food. I was disappointed that it was especially chewy, and that they served it with BBQ sauce instead of Katsu sauce. It just didn't taste quite right. The lady working there wasn't particularly friendly, either. I'll just go to Ono next time I hear the call of Katsu.
1_star Walked out just as quickly as we walked in. Traveled from Cambridge to specially have dinner here and seeing as we arrived to an empty restaurant It would be ok to sit in the back (as it is our anniversary) but we rudely told we only had the choice between the two worst tables in the house. If we came in at a busy time we would understand but still would never understand how the owner would not want to accommodate the customer. Went down the st and was politely sat in minutes.
5_star Awesome! We love it here. Of course it can be loud, but that's what it is -- a sports bar. Food always good, service always great. We went on Saturday to celebrate a gold medal I'd gotten, and Hayley (server) and Tony (manager) gave us a free dessert, unsolicited, just for choosing to celebrate with them. That was really sweet. They are kind, attentive, and this place is very clean, for the traffic that runs through here on a daily basis. Never have had a bad experience. Justin is a great server, as is Hayley.
3_star Great pizza but an extremely long wait, call in advance and add ten minutes to the expected wait time
2_star My and wife and I are vegetarians, which makes for difficult eating on the Strip. Le Burger attracted us with the veg burger menu. We liked the selection process; bun type, toppings, etc. However, we were disappointed when the burgers arrived. They were remarkably greasy. The patties almost seemed deep-fried and the buns were oily. My wife ate 1/4 of her burger and I about 1/2 of mine. We rushed over to the gelato kiosk to rid our mouths of the greasy aftertaste. Beers were good and the staff friendly. Shame about the food quality.
3_star I have been here a few times and figured it's time to write a review. This place, overall is an all right spot. They have happy hour specials practically all night, every night. The only time they seem to lack happy hour is from 7pm to 8pm lol. And I know that they have weekend specials for those weekend ball games and whatnot. It's awesome. The food is pretty yum too. The only reason I didn't give the place four stars is due to my experience tonight. Zipps is a sports bar. And it's football (pre)season. They should have at least one TV dedicated to the home team, but they. I get that they couldn't get the ASU game due to the whole TV dispute, but to not have the Cards - Bronco game is ridiculous considering it's on ABC. And when they finally did have it on, it was a bit difficult to have someone change the channel on the right TV. I get that it was busy, but that shouldn't be an excuse to not listen to your customers. If anything, they should make a conscious effort to hear their customers and make sure they're happy. Anyways, I'm sure i'll go back some time, but I'll probably have to call ahead and make sure they have the games I want on.
4_star Spectacular fresh and quickly prepared Mexican food. I had two tacos, Carne Asada and Adobada. The seasoning and flavor was excellent. Drop on by and give them a try!
3_star The pizza here is really good, truly authentic NY style pizza. Probably the best in Summerlin. It's pretty cheap too. The only other things I 've tried here are the calzones and the chicken wings. Skip the chicken wings cause they was small as hell. Maybe they was pigeon wings or something. The staff is not that friendly and when you order delivery most likely any special directions you give them will be ignored. Other than that, I recommend getting a large cheese pie to go. Would not recommend anything else. You won't be dissapointed - in the pizza - and that is the most important thing right?!
3_star I was lured in with the idea of an all vegetarian menu but after receiving the food this place is really nothing special. I've had way better food, and the decor and atmosphere didn't save it either. Meh.
3_star The food is pretty good most days, but not always. I like the crab cake sand which, which can be hit or miss.
2_star Hit and miss - just had a huge miss on my take out. Have been to other Changs that were good - apparently this one has kitchen issues. Waitstaff is nice. Soggy egg rolls Flavorless and mushy Won Ton Soup Cold filling for chicken wraps, soggy rice noodles Hard steamed rice. Last time I was there, it was decent, hadn't been there for 2 years and thought I'd try it again. Yuck - complete bummer. Have had 3 misses so it's off our dining radar for good. Definitely go somewhere else - so many great restaurants in Summerlin!
3_star The food is fresh and tasty. I'm having second thoughts about whether it's worth the wait or not. It's typically chaos by the door when trying to check in and the staff has no idea who is next.
4_star Price: 3 / 5 ($10 per lunch special) They just raised their price recently. It's on par with restaurants nearby.
1_star Extremely over priced, especially for the portion sizes. Its chicken, which is as cheap as it gets.... Followed with a side of rice, again as cheap as it gets! And you can pick your last side, nothing special. Service was terrible..... Waited forever, and they never came back to check on us. We had to go ask for our bill! If you want good chicken, stick to the many bbq joints in charlotte.
4_star I'm not big on steaks - but this one do serve very good, tasty ones! We were staying at the Wynn (on comp of course!) last 12/2-12/5 and decided to try this one out one night. Decor was subdued but when you walk in, you know there's a theatrical feel to it --after all, the dining room walls and ceiling folds and lights changes every half hour! Hence, the name Switch Steakhouse (wink!). Service was up to par - since I did not write this review right when we came back -forgive me but I totally forgot what we had for appetizers-but I do remember we had no complaints! I do remember what the main meal was- filet mignon bone-in! with side dishes of wild mushrooms, veggies. Let me tell you that the meat was truly like butter! We also shared lobster tails - two medium size ones. Those were delicious also and cooked just right. Needless to say, no desserts for us! too full and happy---and yes, we did ok in Vegas--I actually did not even spend all my 'gambling allowance' but with $200 left over--hubby was ahead by about $300...so overall, a good trip over there. By the way, Wynn is beautiful and the room we had was really nice and large--service was very good.
5_star This is probably my favourite place to go for sushi. The sushi is fresh and delicious! The service is good, and the prices are reasonable. Good sized portions, and I love the sushi pizza here. Better than anywhere else hands down!
1_star Recommended by friends from Hawaii. They raved about this place. Saturday afternoon, dining alone. They don't take single diners. Was willing to pay double due to friends review, talked to owner. Was refused for service. Also, not too friendly. Wanted to to post no stars.
2_star Not the friendliest service.. I placed my order and the man held out his hand for money. Didn't bother to tell me my total until I asked. Chicken biryani is mostly fat. Samosas nothing special. For 2 samosas and a small biryani to go was just a some change under 20 dollars. Ridiculous.
3_star Coffee wasn't great to my boyfriend and I. Every server is "SUPPOSINGLY" your server but waited fifteen minutes for our bill after we were done eating, even though it wasn't busy at all. The food was good so that's why I gave three stars
5_star Amazing. Always craving Poke and this place does not disappoint. The small size is super filling because they have soo many vegetables and toppings with no restrictions on how much you can fill in your bowl. Prices are very reasonable! I love how they have kimchi too. Everyone who works there is super friendly as well. My new lunch spot!
2_star Was heading in here with high hopes after being fairly hungover on a Sunday. Wanted to try out the tapas menu as much as possible. Ordered the buttered chicken wings which I was most excited for. Probably the best thing I had but it was not anything special at all. I could make my own at home much better. They "french" the wings which really just means less food in this instance. Crab cake was not good at all, needed to be cooked a bit longer in my opinion, not flakey enough. Ordered the beef jerk rib which was terribly bland, it may have been a special. Ended up getting wedge fries at the end just to fill us up and they were good but nothing special again. Finished with a duck bun which was shredded kinda duck in a steamed bun. Look, every tapas spot is doing there own take on the whole steamed bun thing. I like them, but at this point its gunna have to be spectacular if your gunna run home about it. I would suggest it but ill be honest I wasn't impressed with this spot. Our waitress also seemed to have half a brain. She was young I get it but we had to ask for cutlery and she almost took my credit card away after paying and seemed generally weird. If she was stoned it would make a bit of sense not that I'm mad, I'd understand.
1_star We had a staff lunch and I ordered the veggie wrap, no feta. It was quite literally a wrap with a bunch of overly steamed carrots, broccoli, and cauliflower. NOTHING ELSE. Feta would not have saved this. It would be entirely possible to do a lovely grilled veggie wrap with some hummus, olives, lettuce, and grilled veggies, I have had many. Shocking that they have the nerve to charge $12 for this. Better to just remove this travesty from the menu.
4_star Came in here with my husband on a Friday evening, two weeks ago. We did not have reservations but read good reviews on Yelp so we thought we'd give it a try. We opted for the 6 course Prix Fixe meal for $65. At least one option in each course had a $15 addition if you chose that selection...which of course is inevitable since you want to eat the best thing. So not too sure if I like that type of sell tactic but even so, the food was fantastic. All the dishes were delicious, some more innovative and original than others. The turbot was an upsell and the servers were really pushing for that one. Practically everyone in the dining room was ordering it. Honestly, after having a few bites, I was a bit disappointed. It was cooked well, the consistency was good, soft, not chewy. But it just lacked any flavor. I'm all about mild fish but this one was just too mild. I ended up liking my husband's salmon more than mine which is hilarious because I don't even order salmon at restaurants. At least the salmon was cooked well and was paired with a deliciously mild green sauce. The hot and cold Foie Gras was by far one of the best dishes of the night. The "cold foie gras was paired with uni (sea urchin). So it was like butteriness on top of more creamy butteriness. mmmmmmm....heaven. The hot foie gras was laid on what i could best describe as a piece of savory mini rice crispy cakes, Asian style. The buttery soft and the salty crispy just went so well together. We ate so much food to describe everything but I have to mention the deserts. The irish car bomb was genius! From the plating to the ingredients used to the flavors.....perfect! The thing that topped it all off for me were the pop rocks used to simulate the carbonation of the car bomb. WOW. My desert was the citrus canelloni and that was superb too, mild, smooth, delicious. And last but not least ........the vase that was a centerpiece at the beginning of our meal, then changes into a carafe holding a liquid that they come a pour after about the 2nd course of our meal, and just sits there for the entire rest of your meal. Now as your are enjoying your deserts, a server comes over carrying a metal kettle and proceeds to pour liquid nitrogen into the carafe. A few more minutes of waiting and voila, you get home made ice tea with mint, lemon grass, orange peel and a teeny bit of sugar. I am so trying this last part at home! Oh one last thing, they gave great recommendations for wine pairings. Don't hesitate to ask. They have like a crew of people service each table. Definitely a fantastic dining experience.
5_star Their ramen is the bomb! Serving is huge and I never get to finish the whole bowl lol Nice and friendly servers. Don't forget to try their takoyaki as well super deli and addictive!
4_star I eat lunch here at least once a week and the quality is top notch. Always. No rubbery chicken or beef in the form of leather snipets. Just the right level of spice.
1_star Did not have a good experience there at all. Seemed good from the reviews, but food was bland and all the staff looked like they wanted to be somewhere else. Atmosphere cold as Ice. Much better places elsewhere.
2_star Beers are not that impressive. Too many d-bags in there. Lame that is has valet parking. The food was gross, didn't look or taste good at all and was painfully overpriced not to impress. Another trendy wannabe foodie/beer spot. It has so much potential so hoping it takes constructive criticism and gets better.
4_star I really like it at john cutters. I've had the tbone and the filet mignon. The steaks are always cooked perfectly. The JC salad has mixed greens, vinigarette, feta and pine nuts. The fries are fresh. I order the BBQ sauce for dipping even though the fries have such good flavor already. I also really like the chocolate cake. The atmosphere is a little loud and a little dark but overall I will keep eating here.
1_star Two caveats: 1, it is amazing and baffling that the near east side has no real mexican food, and 2, I get that people like margaritas, and that a kid-friendly restaurant (where the parents can drink said margaritas) is bound to have a built-in clientele. That said, how the hell does this place stay in business? I ate dinner there about a month ago, and the generally shabby quality of the food amazed me. The taco meats were dry and saturated with sugar (something I've noticed at other FF restaurants too), the tortillas were verging on stale, and the salsa bar, while always a good sign, contained exactly one edible salsa. Trying to stuff some calories in the ol' pie hole and get back to work, I doused my tacos in green Tabasco from the bottle on the table. Problem? It was horribly rancid, and the waiter I informed of this apparently didn't know that hot sauce can go rancid. I literally threw 3/4 of my meal in the trash can. Maybe they should spend less on their kitschy decor and more on the food. If you want Americanized Tex-Mex, go to Pasquals or Burrito D. If you want actual Mexican food, go to the south side.
3_star I had not been to a max and Erma's since i was a kid. I went to lunch on a Saturday, the were not busy. The service was horrible and if i order a burger med. rare and it comes med to med well, that is a problem. don't say your can do something and you cant. I doubt i will go back
3_star Lovely decor, good location, celebrity tie-in ... and food that left me wishing I had ordered something different. Out of our party of four, two of us ordered mediocre dishes -- the vegetarian chile relleno and the chicken mole casserole. But the two other dishes were fine -- spinach and mango salad and chicken enchiladas suiza. The chunky salsa was also quite good, especially for those of us who've deprived ourselves of tomatoes recently. Let this be a lesson to you (and me): read reviews on Yelp for recommendations on a new restaurant's best dishes before you go. Also, a note to our server: when a customer says his dish is just OK, then DOH! -- follow up by asking how it could be better. This is especially necessary at a new place.
4_star This place is tied with Kabuki for the best Sushi in Phoenix, in my opinion. Atmosphere is a big component of sushi in my book, and RA has nailed it - this is such a comfortable place to relax (we love the bar area). The service is typically great as well. Our favorite time to go is during reverse happy hour after a movie as it is right next door to AMC.
3_star Went here the other night. The service was very good. There were always asking if I wanted more. Food was okay. To much food really. Loved the steak. The atmosphere was really cool and I loved the grilled pineapple. Chicken was just ok. Will probably come again.
3_star Try to order some food today and how come you run out of food ,I'll give them a couple of month before they close,the food you ran out was the bread for the tripletas and didn't have any pasteles,since that day we when back and order the same and you guys have everything,this is the only puertorican restaurant in Vegas and we were very excited to try it,we like the potato balls but with the Mofongo I was a little disappointed,wish you the best
2_star Ordered tuna rolls and dragon rolls and was pretty disappointed :( They changed owners and it was noticeable. Neither roll was tasty.
2_star I just moved across the street from here so the place is good when I'm really desperate for a burger. I guess it's what you expect from a chain. The beef patties are frozen and a little on the bland and texture-less side. The free veggie add-ons are great, however any bacon/cheese add-ons will dig deep into your wallet. I love the sauces and always ask for some extra on the side to dip fries in. Fries are soggy, but okay if you enjoy them that way. The overpriced milkshakes are FANTASTIC because they're soft serve. Fountain drinks are unlimited though. This location has super-nice employees, but they are a tad on the slow side. I'm usually almost done my drink by the time it arrives. There's nothing special about HeroBurgers. It's a good place to go when you're lazy and desperate, but I'd rather save the money and go to McDonalds. **If you sign up for HeroBurger online with an email, you get a free milkshake on your first combo purchase. ;)
4_star The lunch special is always a winner. I frequent this place monthly. It's small so come early. The service is unique and appropriate. Don't expect a whole lot but smiles and the basics and you'll be pleasantly surprised with your experience. Recommend for lunch and a unique experience with great food.
1_star The worst service we have ever encountered. Drafty cold table by a curtained window. Stood for 8 mins at reception desk and 4 servers came to ring in customers Cheques and ignored us. We were finally greeted and waiting for our table. Two women came in 10 mins after us and they were seated before us as they were regulars.
2_star Breakfast sandwiches are always sloppy and poorly made. I stopped going for quite a while hoping they would improve, but sadly they have not. And they have slow service.
2_star Decided to try this new place today. I ordered the sweet pork enchiladas since it was the daily special. They came with rice, choice of beans and a small salad portion. Usually with these assembly line type places the food is only luke-warm. And.. this place was no different. The beans had very little flavor and the sweet pork tasted like it was covered in sugar. It is almost a carbon-copy of Cafe Rio including the bright colored chairs.
5_star This place was my first experience with Greek food and I loved it... I can't imagine my life without gyros now lol. Its kinda small but the food definitely makes up for it and the staff is really friendly.
2_star Not a winner. Ordered what I call a regular breakfast...bacon, eggs etc. Sadly disappointed. There were no long lines, this day, the place is notorious for. Upon entering, the greeter was scripted as was our waiter. Coffee arrived and it was weak and lukewarm. The food. More attention is paid to how it is placed (artistically?) on the plate. I have never seen bacon so thin and sparse (shaved?) The so-called sausage tasted terrible and could have passed for a hot dog. The eggs were small but cooked as ordered. All arrived lukewarm. When I asked for extra napkins, I got a scowl and small diner napkins. Coffee refills you had to beg for. This chain "concept" is tired. It has all of the appearances of financially struggling and trying to cut many corners in the process. The bother to worth to food ratio just doesn't isn't there. Won't be back.
5_star Easy to order online using BeyondMenu, delivery is on time and food is always hot & delicious. Great coupons, free egg rolls with $10 purchase. Delivery person is courteous. Highly recommend!
3_star Went to this place on Monday night football. Walking in looked like a nice place to cheer and get your grub on !! I was there for the happy Hour so I ask the waitress about sitting on the comfy chairs up front. Her reply was it's not a 1st come , 1st served and we would have to charge your party of 5 a 150$ I was like just to sit or is that how much food and drink we needed to order . Her reply was " just to sit. " we started laughing , not high rollers at all. We gently walked ourselves over to the bar stools . Hahahaha. Over all experience was cool, not a bad seat In the house . Good choices for beers if that's your thing. The Yard was a good look, we ordered up all the appetizers and felt the jack Daniels wings were a hit too. Will be looking for another sports bar upon returning to Vegas . Oh yea our bill came to 155$ and all I could do is laugh because the comfy sofa couches didn't even fill up.
2_star We came here as a alternative to the Seafood Buffet that opens after 3:30pm. Watching Hells Kitchen my man and I wanted to try the "Pie". So we ordered a Shepards pie and Mac and Cheese Bites triangular deep fried with what I think is used for their Fish&Chips batter (I totally didnt read and thought we would get a hot bowl of homemade Mac&Cheese) Shepards pie was quite oily and the Mac bite didnt do anything for me. Apparently food is not the highlight for this restaurant bar/club. (Is it ever?)
4_star excellent food, a little spendy. Don't sit in the tables next to the bar. The kitchen door open sand close conactantly
4_star I've driven past this place so many times without going inside. Had dinner there with a group of friends and it was awesome. A little chilly if yo have to sit outside but luckily they have a nice fire pit. Food was excellent, will go back for sure!
4_star Wow, baguette cafe is definitely a new favorite spot in vegas! Wish we had known about it much sooner. First, Olivier is such a sweet man and is so warm and welcoming. The place is small, clean, and cute. The food is GREAT! Thank you fellow yelpers. We had the vegetable quiche with salad, cup of carrot soup, eggplant/prosciutto sandwich, and apple carrot juice. Everything was wonderful! You can tell everything is homemade, fresh, and made with quality ingredients. We hope to see this place continue to thrive, because we will be back anytime we are in vegas!
3_star Great facility. Many menu selections. Service SLOW. Kitchen very slow. One great server other two had no clue. Had to track server down for coffee refill, utensils, order another drink. Got our own catsup salt pepper Tabasco to add to our cold breakfast once it finally arrived. Oh and got a steak sandwich not the steak tacos that were ordered by one of us. Only took another 25 minutes to get the tacos. Really? Scrambled eggs and steak tacos not exactly difficult to prepare. Go, but do not expect attentive and competent service and make sure you have lots of time.
5_star It was my first time there, saw the "basil spicy jumping rice", liking spicy food I asked about it and the waitress said it was one of her favorites, so I ordered it... extra, extra spicy. And man did it deliver! Super awesome flavor with a great kick! It is nice to be able to order spicy and actually get it. Will be going back again :-)
5_star Um hello? You're telling me that all my friends can run their tabs through the roof on expensive wine and I can order malt liquor in a bag for $1.50? I'm in. Very interesting menu and in a good way. I got the turkey pastrami on a pretzel roll and absolutely loved it. The pinnacle though should mean more coming from me because I don't care for sweets. Their dessert menu is out of this world. From caramel creme brule to monkey bread. I love this place and the live music that comes with it.
4_star Arrived during a lull in their day, between rushes. Service was friendly and prompt. Great pizza, decent beer selection (considering Canada), and incredible dipping oil for some bread that appeared at our table before the pie arrived. A thoroughly enjoyable lunch experience.
3_star I heard raves about onion rings being so good. I was a bit disappointed when I tried their onion rings. It tastes ok...not terrible but no seasoning to it. I like the A.&W.'s onion rings the best. Crispy and firm at most A&W's. Peter's were simple and bland. Maybe a bit like back in the 50's? The burger was ok; it looked to be put together as an after thought and squished. The good thing is the variety milkshake flavours. That was what I was into; but for me; the milkshakes didn't have enough of that dairy/ice cream flavour for me. It was good but not giving me a wow factor. It didn't taste like real ice cream shake to me. I won't rave about it but don't hate it there. It's not a place I would want to go as top thing to do when in the area. Food is decent though.
1_star Ever pathetic service I ever had for Indian food. All the food was tasteless.we order 6 dishes and all good tasteless and very less in quantity even for a single person. Seems like every person should order at least 2 dishes to eat. I highly recommend not to go to this restaurant ever. I would have given zero rating but there was no option for that in yelp.
1_star I just realized while balancing my checkbook, that this restaurant double charged me in two separate transactions for one food order. I am hoping my bank takes care of the issue that happened on 1/4/16, but I WILL NEVER EVER GO BACK TO THIS PLACE, even though their gyro is quite good as they apparently like to rip you off. BE VERY AWARE OF YOUR TRANSACTIONS IF YOU USE A DEBIT CARD WITH THEM! Better yet, just don't go there, we do not need places in the neighborhood that feel the need to rip customers off. SHAME ON THEM!! Too bad you can not give negative stars!
3_star This place is a bit out of the way although there is a streetcar stop right in front. The decor is nice and seems relatively new. The servers were pleasant and treated us as if we were regulars which was nice. The food tasted as good as any Greek food I've had in Toronto. Nothing blew my mind, but the calamari were tender, the chicken well seasoned, and the spanikopita was crispy and tasty. If I were in the neighbourhood I would go back to Kalamata but I wouldn't make a special trip out there.
4_star Was skeptical when I first got to the restaurant but I decided to grab a couple sides and add a protein. I got the corn and quinoa, which was delicious. The sweet potatoes were sweet and perfectly seasoned. I decided to do salmon as the protein and it was delectable! The hummus, my last side, wasn't my favorite. Don't leave without getting the fresh lemonade/tea, it won't disappoint. Overall I gave this four stars because the food was great but for the portion sizes a tad over priced. Cute place for a brunch with some girlfriends or family!
4_star Great service, cute diner style atmosphere, and good broth. Definitely worth stopping by sometime.
4_star Authentic food. Great value and friendly service. Highly recommend. Love the Hong Kong Coffee/Tea. One of the best Asian Restaurants in the area.
5_star Omg...so picture the kensington location but much bigger and there are washrooms! Lol! Honestly, everything was spot on. The shrimp po boy with sweet potato fries were amazing and the calamari had the perfect amount of seasoning. A little bit of crunch yet tender still. I'll also say there was plenty of seating and the place was super clean. A huge bonus was that the people working there were so kind. Very outgoing. My kids really took a liking especially to the lady in the front. Can't get better service then that. I love Kensington but this location blows my mind!
2_star Had the BBQ duck here and will say that please pass on this dish! Too oily, skin was not crispy and we really did not like the duck, blegh.
5_star Had the Giglio pasta tonight. It was AMAZING! I usually don't write reviews, but I felt this dish exceeded expectations. Service was excellent!! Appreciate the attentiveness to our two children present as well. Thanks for making it a nice night out!
3_star I came here completely by accident when I detoured to avoid construction traffic during my dinner break from work. It was busy, but I was seated very quickly and service seemed prompt. They have a good selection of decent food. I have never had sushi in a buffet setting before, and I have to say it was actually slightly better than I expected. That said, I wasn't expecting much. They offered a few varieties of rolls and nigiri, though I definitely wouldn't come here if I was craving a meal consisting solely of sushi. The wide variety of seafood and asian food more than sufficed to fill this void, and though I am not convinced I will go back, I certainly did not regret going or spending the $12 or so I spent to eat.
1_star Free spring rolls on the house she said as she sat them on the table. Very friendly staff an I feel welcome even as a single diner. I ordered the cashew chicken mild you have the option of getting it spicy spicy if you chose. Well they brought out catfish instead of chicken. I tried it wasn't bad but I would not be the person to order fish. Another waitress noticed it was wrong an went an re-ordered the chicken for me. I would suggest maybe pointing to the menu when you order. Cashew chicken arrived undercooked veggies maybe they rushed it after getting the wrong order the first time. She didn't bring any plates so I could eat on this time. Clearly she is mad because of the wrong order. Kind of an attitude when she brought the chicken out. Asked for a Togo box I can go home an finish cooking it. Very disappointed in my first time here. At home now finishing the cooking myself.
5_star Really cool concept! The food is great and the concept is even better. You have to check it out...Try the Sushi Burger
5_star A MUST BRUNCH PLACE. Second time here and even though there always is a line, it is worth the wait! First time was brutal because it was day after NYE. The variety of eggs benedict is awesome as well as the crepes. I love that they serve fruit on skewers! The menu is only in French btw. Make sure you check out the graffiti bathrooms!
2_star I am a vegetarian and was hoping to have good indian food. I therefore yelped and found out this restaurant. If you have no other option and have to eat indian go ahead! Otherwise just keep away from this place. The buffet had 2 vegetable entree, 1 dal, sambhar, idly, rice and veg appetizer. I really did not like any of the food. Bottom line - not worth 15 bucks
4_star You never know what kind of beer will be on top. If you love trying beers you don't see on a regular basis, go to Beer Revolution! The beer list changes right before you eyes. Food is a good complement (pizza is awesome) but you really go here for the beer experience.
1_star It Totally SUCKED never go back or even mention this to anyone. Totally disappointed with the lamb chops, octopus , calamari, sausage, broccoli rabe, asparagus , bread - what bread, Oscar Mayer sausage, piss poor calamari. Terrible octopus it was just horrible meal I wanted to throw up what I managed to eat. Oh wow my post seems to be too short to post so I have to write more. Hhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh It Totally SUCKED never go back or even mention this to anyone. Totally disappointed with the lamb chops, octopus , calamari, sausage, broccoli rabe, asparagus , bread - what bread, Oscar Mayer sausage, piss poor calamari. Terrible octopus it was just horrible meal I wanted to throw up what I managed to eat. Oh wow my post seems to be too short to post so I have to write more. Hhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh It Totally SUCKED never go back or even mention this to anyone. Totally disappointed with the lamb chops, octopus , calamari, sausage, broccoli rabe, asparagus , bread - what bread, Oscar Mayer sausage, piss poor calamari. Terrible octopus it was just horrible meal I wanted to throw up what I managed to eat. Oh wow my post seems to be too short to post so I have to write more. Hhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh It won't let me post this WHY
2_star Well, this is just average breakfast with worse than average service. Seating was a nightmare even with open tables all over. The buzzer went on and off accidentally, extending our wait. Greeted and seated without a kid's menu for our 7 year old. Every other breakfast spot around will substitute (even for a nominal charge) the carbs on the side for a couple slices of bacon or anything for low carb eaters. They wanted to charge 5.99$ for a sausage patty ON THE SIDE. Oh, and the sides aren't listed on the menu, the price is "in the computer". Outrageous. I was happy to see a new, albeit also overpriced, breakfast spot in our neighborhood but I guess I'll stick to the established spots that actually offer some service and a choice. Boring coffee, too. Nothing too glorious at this "Glorified" egg joint. Won't be coming back.
5_star Stephanie is the main reason I come here! I sit down and she already knows my drink and has it ready within seconds! She makes sure I'm taken care of always along with anyone I bring with me! I recommend the pint and Stephanie to anyone looking for a gold place with great service and atmosphere!
3_star I love olive garden, but this one seems to have poor service. The only reason why I keep coming here is for the salad and breadsticks. I went here for my birthday this past Saturday and it was probably the best service I got and it still wasn't that great. The wait wasn't as long as usual but that could be cause it's summer. I wish they let us enjoy our salad longer, but that's probably cause they don't want us to eat several bowls of it cause it's unlimited
3_star Michael's Diner in Shaker Square is owned by the same familyas Michael's Family Restaurant in Rocky River. As you'll note from my co-reviewers, it's your average diner food. Nothing is amazing, nor is it disappointing. I have been there for breakfast and lunch, and both were perfectly cromulent. I noticed that one of the previous reviewers was lamenting the elimination of the rotating gyro meat skewers and their replacement with pre-sliced gyro strips. Well, Sarah Z, I see your review was written in 2008, so I hope you know that Michae'ls has reintroduced the giant lumps of roasting gyro meat, and it's mighty tasty. In the three times I have been to Michael's the service has been consistently okay, and the server was always friendly. For you people watchers, it's fun to see the trains go through and see the people getting on and off on their way to someplace new. Go, try it, and see for yourself. I know I'll be back.
3_star As part of Harrah's Buffet of Buffets, the Spice Market Buffet is worth trying at least once. The variety and quality met my expectations. One major caveat - unlike just about every other buffet and restaurant that I've been in, the Spice Market Buffet has the unique policy of clearing off the table if one leaves their napkins on top of their drinks (which *usually* indicates that the diners are away getting more food and are returning). I have no idea how long the cleaning staff must wait before they decide that diners are done if diners don't leave their napkins on top of their drinks, but this *may* be a contributing factor to the line backups.
3_star There food is decent but tonight I tried the spare ribs they were like shoe leather. Extremely tough
3_star I wish I could give 3.5 stars, as I feel 3 is low but 4 too high. If I was grading solely on service, I would have given 4 stars. If I was grading solely on food, 3 stars. We went for lunch, and it was packed. Even so, we were seated quickly, and our sodas brought immediately. We ordered two large pizzas and two kids pizzas, and it took about 35 minutes to get them. Our server was quick to bring refills on drinks, extra napkins, etc. The large pizzas were a bit pricey at $23-$26 each. However, there were plenty of left overs for anther meal. The crust was really good, I loved the snap and bite of it. My toppings weren't as warm/cooked through as I would have liked, the cheese not quite melty enough. This might have been due to an effort to get all of the pizzas out quickly. My kids each ordered the kids cheese pizza, which was surprisingly large for only $5, including a soda. It came in a frying pan which they found hilarious. (The pan was completely cool, no burn hazards here!)
3_star Tons of beer if that's your thing... full bar too. No cocktail menu to speak of, and only a few food items on the menu. Felt like kind of a basic, no frills place, which can be a good thing sometimes. We were there in late December at night and all the doors were open with no heating... not sure why that was, but wear a coat if you're going to hang out indoors here in the cooler months. Freezing cold, tried using the candles on the table to keep warm, not so efficient... so we only stayed for one drink and bounced.
3_star I had a half caff 12 ounce latte. It had a very nice rosetta on it and tasted like a milky latte, not exceptional and also not bad. I love their red ceramic cups that they use "for here". The feel of the place reminds me of Starbucks in terms of layout and the fact that the baristas are wearing headsets... that just totally changes the vibe of a place for me, it feels more plastic and less genuine. It was a very business like and efficient transaction. If you are looking for an indie coffee shop with soul, this isn't your place.
1_star Decided to stay in watch game order pizza the worst pizza ever had soggy mushrooms not cooked peppers not cooked terrible won't be going back
5_star This is my favorite guilty pleasure restaurant. I have been to every Melt location and was ecstatic when the Mentor location opened since we are now just down the street from one! The ambiance is tacky and fun, and I love the record sleeve menus. They have a great beer selection that changes quite frequently. The portions are huge...definitely enough for at least two meals. I typically replace the fries and/or coleslaw with soup (LOVE the buffalo chicken chowder) or salad. I actually don't order the sandwiches on the regular menu very often b/c I usually get the special sandwiches. They have a special each month and, once in a while, they will have a special weekend sandwich to honor an old movie showing at one of the local movie theaters at midnight. Unfortunately, those are usually my favorite sandwiches, BUT they have been known to bring back the favorites! On the regular menu, my favorites are the Rising Sun Melt and the Wet Hot Buffalo Chicken (the blue cheese slaw is incredible). Of the monthly specials, my favorites are the Hungry Hungarian (January) and New Bomb Turkey (November). The staff is wonderful. They are always friendly, helpful, and great with recommendations if you aren't sure what beer to get or how to make your sandwich your own with add-ons. My husband and I are frequent Melt patrons and are rarely disappointed. I definitely recommend any of the locations if you are in the Cleveland area!
3_star It doesn't pretend to be actual mexican food, but it is good for what it is. Big meals, cheap, served fast. I enjoyed the huge number of vegetarian options - practically everything on the menu can be made meatless if that's how you're rolling. I had tofu in my burrito, which turned out too mild compared to the loud flavors it was paired with. But filled me up, and I love any place the serves chick peas. (I know, I know. I just love them.) I tried some of the corn bread, and will say if you've never had real cornbread you'll like it. It tastes good, because its actually cake.
4_star This is a nice place for lunch. The whole table shared a lot of food. We had a variety of foods, from different styles of fried rice and noodles to wonton soup and crispy shrimp rolls. Everything was very tasty. Although the food was great, I would of liked it to be a little cheaper as I felt I was overpaying for my lunch.
4_star Had the Bacon Avocado burger and sweet potato fries, was pretty good no complaints. Will visit again
1_star What a sh*tty place... It says "Restaurant & Cafe" but don't expect to find any food here! I walked in and asked for a menu to see what they have, the guy looked at me like I was ridiculous for even asking and said "uhhh we don't have food it's like... a shisha bar" and raised his eyebrows at me, giving me a look as if to say "are you stupid or something?". Suffice it to say, he was EXTREMELY rude! If the establishment calls itself a "Restaurant & Cafe, you'd think they would expect to have people asking for FOOD! Ridiculous. And despite the Drake shout-outs, the place isn't all that! I've seen way better hookah joints!
3_star There is nothing special about this place. Really very average steakhouse with average food and service. There are much better places in the city to get a good steak.
3_star This was my first Canadian crepe as I arrived in Toronto. I had the Dark Angel crepe with ice cream. Coming from the Bay and having tasted Sophie's Crepes (the best in the Bay), this place was subpar. The crepe itself was toasty meaning it was a little crunchy which was fine with me. However, others may not like that. Anyways, it was good nothing too spectacular about it. Overall, a thumb up!
1_star In the search for a great new Chinese delivery place in our new area, we tried this place out. It was absolutely terrible. We ended up throwing every single thing we got out. Everything, especially the chicken products had a very strong chemical taste to it. I can't even describe it but it was like they somehow got coolant or oven cleaner into the chicken? The pork had a very unnatural orange color to it too. The only thing that we did eat were a few steamed dumplings which also had an underlying strange taste to them. And delivery took over an hour! My husband said in all fairness we should wait until the next day to see how sick it made us. We were okay the next day, but felt really gross for a few hours after eating it and didn't consume anything other than a few bites.
1_star Ah, Toss'd. Evidence of inefficient markets in action. The only reason this place exists is that there are no local competitors. Coming from New York, I compare them against my local favorites Chop't, Sweetgreen, JustSalad, etc. Toss'd is consistently the worst salad option I have ever had. Bad cooks: The staff are not professional cooks. Mind you, this is salad, yet somehow they manage to mess up even raw food. They slice their food painfully slowly. They don't know how to chop up meat, so expect enormous 1 inch cubes of chicken and awkwardly large florets of kale, broccoli, and lettuce. Conveniently, this rule doesn't seem to apply to their avocado slicing technique. They also don't know the proper ratio between topping and base, so there always seems to be a preponderance of leaves in my salad. Unhygienic: They chop up buckets of broiled chicken breasts right in front of you in the salad line, apparently using the same knives they use to chop their salads. The cashier handled food and wasn't wearing gloves. They also don't replace the mats where they scoop up the salad from one customer to the next. The staff don't wear aprons and they usually look tired and dirty. Unprofessional: The staff are comically rude and untrained. There is a girl with short straight blond hair whose only apparent function is to toss salads, yet she never asks whether you want lemon, pepper, or salt, so you have to yell it at her as she has her back turned to you. Expect an eye roll and probably no lemon to boot. There is another black lady who doesn't know what quinoa is, and consistently gives me attitude when I correct her, "No, sorry, that's edamame..." Inefficient: The staff do not know how to divide up their tasks, so it always feels like they're scrambling to figure out what they should be doing next. The space is poorly laid out. There is no indoor seating area and is not equipped to handle the lunch time rush. Unstocked: They always seem to be out of some key ingredient. They almost never have the adobe chicken the menu claims to list. Other items that may or may not be there, depending on how the wind blows that day: quinoa, seaweed salad, shrimp, lime, and various dressings.
5_star I just experienced Papi Queso for the first time...all I can say is Delish! I tried the Mushroom Fondue and added smoked tomatoes. The fontina cheese was a wonderful marriage with the baby arugula and mushrooms and the tomatoes just added that special kick to the sandwich! I will definitely return to this food truck!!
3_star Just brilliant ambience for a breakfast place. We got here at around 830, and there weren't that many people around. So it was nice and quiet. Being quite far away from the city, might be a contributing factor to having some "local" clientele. No one spoke English but google translate helped us get the orders right. The food was good though the serving size was small for my breakfast liking. It was delicious nonetheless.
1_star Not a very good selection. Had to wait for food to come out. Lots of fried options. Wanted to like it. Just didn't sit well. Sounds like timing at this place is crucial.
2_star As a vegetarian, I was really excited to try this place out, but unfortunately had a really bad experience. Came in the other night around 8:30pm, wasn't busy at all, we were sat and waited almost 20 minutes before we were even greeted at the table, after we ordered we waited another 30 minutes for the food to come, our pad Thai was cold, and they forgot our other plate, and when it finally came it was burnt. And that still would've been okay but our server was unapologetic and didn't seem to care. I work as a server as well and know things can get busy and mistakes can happen and I am sympathetic with that. But the overall service was bad, slow, and the food was disappointing.
4_star Definitely a local Korean place that must be checked out. They have a great seafood pancake and crab stew.
5_star I've been twice. It's now my favorite place to get a meal in Cleveland. The wine is expensive. There is a 40$ bottle of red - Schiano - that I turn to. A great way to bring down the wine cost is to start next door at the Glidden House while you wait for your table to be ready. They have a selection of 23$ bottles that you can start there and then bring over to Trentina when the table it ready. It's a fun way to start anyway, as the Glidden House is gorgeous. The ambiance is nice. It's well lit and playful, but it is still a nice dinner. Exactly what you're looking for when you get high end American cuisine. Casual but classy. I love the small dining room, it feels more personal and intimate. The service was spot on. The hostesses really made us comfortable, the food descriptions were on point, and the chef came out both times to see how we were doing. BUT, let's get to the point.... The food is what you're coming here for. The scratch pasta is delicious. The bucatini and clams and linguini were both good, but I recommend the gnocchi osso buco. You can order them in halves, so there is no reason not to. The oysters are fantastic and the mignonette and horseradish combo is just right. Their origin rotates, so the first time they were sweater and the second time more complex. Both were from various parts of the Chesapeake Bay. I will keep my eyes open for the Chesapeake salt-flats oysters in the future, The house bread is a must. It's fun - the candle is edible - and taste's like a sophisticated McDonald's Quarter Pounder (candle is beef fat). My favorite dish was the duck two ways. One of the most difficult thing to decide is always breast or leg. Here you get both. Breast was rare, leg was falling off the bone, and both were served on delicious buttery grits with some charred carrots. I've had a couple other things: an ice cream with coffee for desert, an octopus in mushroom broth, a cheese and pickled goodies plate with spec, all good. And I'll leave the best for last: an ox-heart tartar on a rice crisp (play on a chicharones) and a fried grouper collar. I think both show up on the tasting menu from time to time. They were flavors you aren't getting elsewhere in Cleveland and were perfectly executed. Finally, if you don't get to Trentina as much as you like, I recommend the tasting menu with pairings. That way you get to try some of these more exciting things (like the ox-heart) and have a night of it. But, if you can come down once a month, going a la carte works and is reasonable. And, if you come enough and are pleasant, the kitchen might send out some of these lesser known favorites.
1_star Nasty!!! The lamb/beef "gyro" from Gyro Time belonged in the garbage not on my plate. The first time we received our gyros, the meat was cold. We sent them back. The replacements were warm, but the meat tasted rancid. The "tzaziki" sauce did not resemble sauce so much as congealed glop. The tomatoes and onion on the gyro looked tired. The pita bread was thick and soggy. Overall, a very disappointing and costly experience. On the upside, the fries were tasty.
3_star They offer 20% discount via text yet when you attempt to get it they've I it after tax has been added..... that is not right. It should be before tax and the lady at the window says her boss says it has to be after tax because he has to pay tax on the whole bill so it needs to be paid by the customer. How is that good customer service or a discount? Yes it covers the sales tax plus 11 percent... but don't lie and say 20 percent. Food is amazing though and that is why I come back.
2_star I was sincerely hoping for something super tasty at this spot near my new home, but was a bit disappointed. I would say it's somewhere between 2 and 3 stars. Yes, the veggies are fresh and there are lots of them-spinach, red and green peppers, jalapenos, cukes. However the olives are canned. I had the chicken souvlaki with veggies and let's just say, it's not Chipotle. And there was very little chicken-I felt like I was on an expedition. The place was clean and at about 6PM there were only a couple of people in there. Also, the folks who wait on you are just as friendly as you would hope. I just wouldn't go out of my way to get a pita here which is more like a smallish burrito. And yes, it's inexpensive, however for almost the same $ you get more and tastier at someplace like Chipotle. However I might go back and try something else.
5_star My wife and I love coming here. Even when they're busy the servers do quite well. And the wings and pizza are great! Make sure you download the BJ's app. You can get on the wait list before you get there and you get points with every purchase.
3_star decent bar with decent food service is good but nothing that will blow you away
2_star The restaurant is located in Eastgate shopping center. Visually from the outside the place doesn't look like much. Once inside things begin to deteriorate rapidly. I was there twice and to be perfectly honest the restaurant is a complete pig pen. Every table was dirty, papers all over the floor. The first time I thought perhaps it was just a bad day. Same thing second time back and it wasn't that busy the second time. I was at least able to find a clean table - the only one in the place! It's really unfortunate because for a quick meal the food was really quite good and the food was fresh. The staff were all very friendly. The portions I thought were huge. Unfortunately, because the restaurant was so sloppily maintained unless you don't mind sitting at a messy table that hasn't been cleaned since god only knows when, you might want to think of the place as a take-out only restaurant.
2_star We drove past the restaurant on the way to a different Indian buffet, but thought we should give it try. I had 2 kids with me who are somewhat picky eaters so when we saw pizza the kids were excited. First we noticed there were no meat dishes so my son was disappointed (hoping to see butter chicken) and the pizza was too spicy for my other kid. For the price I paid for both kids was not worth it. They didn't eat enough to justify the price of the buffet for kids. Even though the spread of foods was larger than some buffets I've seen the selection wasn't that great. Some of the naan bread was not fresh (some tough and hard I had to pull with my teeth). My son did enjoy the sweets, but most likely we won't go back here again for the very reason there was no meat.
5_star First time here today and the beer list great ! Got pizzas and they were all very good! Cute place in the flats with good beers on tap and great food!
5_star This location is the best in Charlotte! Of course the food is perfect, it's the staff that makes this location stellar. Everyone spoke clearly and politely. Everything was clean and neat. And most amazingly, they keep the drive-thru moving smoothly. If it was closer, I would go every week. Way to go Woodlawn Chick-fil-a!
5_star Our first time here and I'm so glad to have found this awesome place! I had a lamb gyro; which was absolutely amazing! The lamb was so tender and flavorful it about melted in my mouth. The cucumbers, lettuce, tomatoes and onions were so crisp and fresh, it was perfect and hit the spot on such a hot day. I ordered the rice bowl, but the owner accommodated me and let me substitute it with the gyro wrap. The stuffed grape leaves were excellent too! Had a nice piece of baklava for desert and it too was fantastic. I've found my new place!
4_star Excellent breasted chicken, delicious! Bread sticks are unparalleled, a meal onto themself. Prices fair, atmosphere family friendly.
3_star I went here for lunch on a business trip at a customers request, and while it wasn't disappointing, compared to the other amazing food in Vegas, it was just ok. I had the burger (French Restaurants make the best burgers) and it was delicious. The fryer was broken so it came with breakfast-type roasted potatoes, which weren't very complementary. For dessert I had a scoop of vanilla ice cream with my french press coffee over the top, which was amazing. My primary gripe with this place is how old it feels. The dining room we ate in felt like someone's Grandma's house, and not in a good way. The formalities like table scrapping were nice, but seemed forced and awkward. Especially because the only other table had kids and they were running and screaming everywhere. If you're desperate for French food, go for it. Otherwise, there are way better restaurants in Vegas.
3_star Very big portions for the price.. Quality was decent.. Not the best Chinese food by any stretch, but definitely good value.. Make sure you order well in advance.. This place gets busy on weekend nights and the take-out can take a while.. All in all, you get what you pay for and I would return
2_star There food used to be good & I don't know what happened but it's nasty now!!!!!!!! I ordered shrimp enchiladas & they were sour and the tortilla was falling apart like it's been sitting there!
4_star Second time in Vegas, second time at Todd English PUB - Overall on both trips I found the food to be good - a modern take / update on simple pub food - this trip had the shrimp as an appetizer - good but I also feel like any place on this level shouldn't screw this up - and the New Amsterdam - that burger was great - good flavor with a lot going on. My only complaint for this place was prices of some items - I get that its in Vegas and on the strip prices can be a little inflated, but $8 for a PBR and $9 for a Bud Light seems a little steep especially considering I was able to order a great craft beer for just a few dollars more rather than having a BUD....
3_star The food is good - much better than average for a Mexican diner. I assumed when I went in for the first time that the interior would be better than the dingy shopping center in which it is located. I was wrong. The dining room is one large open area, cheaply appointed. The wait staff is surely all related to the owner. No one with that little personality could possibly keep the job. The night we were there, the dining room was uncomfortably hot. It was not a particularly hot evening, so I would be concerned that the air conditioning never does what it needs to do. But, the food was good. The salsa and chips delivered to the table when we sat down were very good - the chips were fresh and the salsa was well-seasoned and had fresh ingredients. The sangria wine also was very good. I had burritos and my wife had quesadillas, and they all were very well prepared. The place was packed at 6:00 on a Wednesday, and it could only be the food drawing that crowd. I might opt for takeout next time.
2_star I feel compelled to write a review. I am surprised to see that this place gets good reviews. My experiences here have always left me regretting that I gave this place another chance. I've lived in the neighborhood for about 5 years now. I've been to this restaurant probably a dozen times over the years. Each time my husband and I always say the same thing.... WHY did we come here again??? Service is slow, the bartenders are slow AND unfriendly. I read a comment below that they seem bothered that they have to wait on you and I totally agree. The food is very hit or miss, and from what we've had it's usually a miss. We use to catch UFC fights, hockey, and football games there. Now that there are more sports bar options in our neighborhood, our days of throwing money towards Half Moon are no more.
1_star Do NOT eat here!!!!! We went to Zushi on Thursday 7/13 for happy hour. We've been there before and usually order the same items. Today we ordered our "usual" the Mesa role which doesn't include avocado and I told the waitress I was allergic to avocado and I wrote it on the sushi order sheet to be safe. When we got our rolls, I ate one and immediately realized that it had avocado in it. I started having an allergic reaction almost immediately and had to rush to the bathroom (which was filthy). After having my tongue and throat swell up we requested to speak to the "manager", we watched him serve 6-7 more drinks at the bar until we asked the waitress again to get him. Once he finally came over and we explained the situation, he said oh well mistakes happen, he was blatantly disrespectful, and basically laughed in my face (well THAT IS ONE DEADLY MISTAKE dealing with people's allergies). We asked for an incident report (for documentation) and he said he would go write one up then returned 15 minutes later and said he's never heard of an incident report. THEN they tried to make us pay for our meal that did not get eaten. Needless to say THE WORST food experience and customer service experience of my entire life.
3_star This place has a really interesting concept! They have an open seating area in the atrium of BCE Place, and a more intimate inside dining area. The bar features their three types of cheese, floating in transparent containers. Their menu revolves around their three feature handmade mozzarellas. A harder Bufala Campana DOP, a smokey Stracciatella di Burrata and the softest Ricotta di Bufala. The cheese are handmade in Italy, and use bulls milk, except for the latter cheese that uses cows milk. When we were seated, we were asked if we wanted sparkling or flat water. Being on a budget, we hesitantly said flat water.....and were given a ($6.50!) bottle of water. Beware! We were served a complementary appetizer of a skewer of their smoked soft cheese, with a basil leaf and cherry tomato. The cheese was very good and has a delicious smokey flavour. For our appetizer, we tried the Fried Breaded Mozzarella. ($8). I expected these to be kind of like mozza sticks. It wasnt. It was a rectangle piece of cheese that literally had been deep fried, served with a delicious spicy sauce and a bed of greens. It was good! This was my favourite thing of the evening. For dinner, I opted to have a pizza that had basil, Bufala Campana and tomatoes. ($14) I was disappointed! I realize that this is Italian pizza, and I have been to other authentic italian places, I didn't enjoy this. It was drizzled with olive oil instead of sauce, and the cheese was cold and sparsely placed. I guess I assumed that it would be a warm pizza, but it wasn't. The crust was ok. I wouldn't really order this again. My boyfriend had eggplant pizza, and he had the smoky cheese, which was warm and soft. (lucky him!) In conclusion, this restaurant has a unique concept, knowledgeable staff and interesting food, but I'm not sure if I would go back! It was priciy and I didn't enjoy my pizza.
2_star Far from authentic Mexican food. Lack of flavor in the asada and Pico de gallo was real disappointing considering the 4.5 star rating. Chips were fresh but so are bagged chips....Dios mio!
2_star The guac came out missing the build your own ingredients...yes just avocado. Which was crazy considering the last few visits it was always the highlight. We had to ask for water and waited 10 min for our beverages. They were supposed to course out the meal but brought my husbands meal and mine 15 min apart. Dbacks are playing and TV all of a sudden gets changed to Hot Rod Racing?!? WTF. They have serveral tvs and they cannot leave the local team on? It was the straw.
2_star Very poor service. I should've known better and not ordered a salad at a burger joint. Someone else ordered a burger and said it was decent.
4_star Took clients and their wives for dinner. The experience was over the top. The service the minute we sat down to the very end was exceptional. The food was outstanding and the portions were very good. Everyone at the table had a great time. We definitely plan on going back......if you want to make a positive impression on someone special in your life......bring them here.
2_star I had high expectations after reading the reviews from my fellow yelpers, but.. not sure if it was because I stepped in later than a usual lunch time (i.e. at 1pm..) or what, the quarter chicken I ordered was NOTHING close to "juicy". On the contrary, it was so dry, I had trouble cutting through it with my plastic knife! ALSO, I had to continuously dip it in the salsa just to make the meat edible. The flavor was good, but WHERE is all the JUICE in the meat? This leads me to think that, albeit being nice and friendly, these folks just couldn't care less about the consistency or quality of food they serve. Two stars, done-and-done.
2_star Okay experience. Meat was not impressive, mostly too dry and overcooked. Over priced for what they have to offer. Spent $100 for two. You can find much better restaurants around the area.
4_star Food was pretty good, the lamb is pretty amazing. Tender, flavorful, and lacking in the strong gamy smell that it normally comes with. Swordfish steak was abit bland and tough and I would pass on it. Expensive but no more expensive than other restaurants in its class
3_star So being huge fans of Gordon Ramsey and most of his shows, we decided to check this place out. So where to start ...... 1. If your thinking your going to sit and eat, WRONG! there's like 3 little tables and a bar against the wall with maybe 5 stools. 2. The fish was good, but very greasy. Fries were nice. All in all I thought (with Ramsey being as meticulous as he shows he is on TV) this place would be a lot more than it was. I know it's in Vegas, bet where else to display yourself. I left satisfied that I ate, but disappointed in the execution. Gordon Ramsey, you can do better. 5 restaurants in Las Vegas and you couldn't spring for room for your customers? SHM
2_star For the price you pay totally not worth it. The first time I tried the place I was really excited because it has all the good vibes you'd expect from a really good cheesesteak spot. Then I got my food and wasn't impressed at the sandwich has potential but the "meat" which is the most important part of the sandwich didn't have the best flavor and was SUPER FATTY N CHEWY. Just because you put cheese wiz on ur cheesesteak doesn't mean it's the best in town. I've tried this place 2 times and I'll never go back.
1_star Food was great, but the service was the worst I have ever experienced. We were ignored from the moment we were sat. No refills, no one checked on us, and we had to ask for bread four times.We sat down for our meal 2.5hrs before closing time and our server was busy cleaning up and outside smoking. We had to stop all the other servers to get items we needed like a box and the check. Waiting over 20mins for bread and being ignored is disappointing.
3_star Great place for a quick and local lunch. The chicken is moist, juicy and tender. The half chicken is a fantastic deal, for the extra $2 you are rewarded with 50% more meat. The sauce counter is full of spicy surprises. Overall a great local lunch joint - the kind of place you will like introducing to your friends.
2_star Decent pho place. A little skimpy on the meat (only about 3-4 beef balls in my large).
4_star Another place who delivers good fried chicken. My order gets messed up more than I would like, mostly they forget things like soda and desert cookies but they are always willing to make it right. Will continue to give them my business. PS try the chip dip!
4_star I really appreciate this place - having moved here from NYC, discovering Poppy's helped me feel at home. Great bagels, great deli selections, amazing kugel (which is not an easy feat). My only complaint is the overuse of black pepper...Latkes and matzo balls shouldn't taste heavily of pepper - I've never seen it used in matzo balls or chicken soup at all. It was a bit alarming to bite into, and even more disappointing to discover on a day when I was feeling under the weather and craved my favorite feel-good foods.
5_star Great location fast service Every time I go to Daves the food is consistent, hot and beer is cold. Basically all you want from bbq joint. Yes some reviews say good is salty and salads aren't that great. I wouldn't know ....I don't go to bbq place for the lettuce but the barnyard animals taste yummy!!! Oh and buy a jar of pickles when you leave!!!
3_star I'm finding all kinds of iconic burger places to review on yelp. This is an iconic burger dive that brings back fond memories from my youth. The burgers used to be good and homemade. Fresh cut fries and freshly made onion rings, just killer. They've changed a lot since then, frozen patties and frozen fries/rings don't taste as good. Buns fall apart to easily. The burgers are still massive and the portions are fairly decent, better than paying $9.00 at mCdonalds for their crappy premium burgers. Fun decor, staff are fine. Solid 3 stars but if they would have kept the original recipes an easy 5 stars.
2_star I used to go to Rita's in the 90's. It was then a very authentic experience, right down to the superb food and the sometimes inability of staff to speak or understand English. A few weeks ago, wanting to show a visitor from L.A. that we have great Mexican food in Phoenix, we went to Rita's. Whenever it changed...it was not for the better. The food was thoroughly Americanized--salsas without bite, stale chips, bland cheesy sauces and dshes. An embarrassment
5_star Heard about this place from a friend, and will definitely be back! The House cocktail is a craft riff on a margarita, and was delicious. The beef and Brussels sprouts skewers were amazing, a lot of different flavors on a small plate! The ahi tuna app, meh, not exactly memorable. The wait staff was friendly and helpful, and they have a great happy hour!
1_star Miserable experience. The cashier who took my order was a unfortunate combination of rudeness and incompetence. After acting offended after explaining that I intended to eat in rather than take out, she served a STONE COLD souffle and refused to heat it up. She didn't even suggest using the microwave (which, admittedly, I was familiar with them being avialable for customer use) and opted to lie about how their souffles were always served hot. Bottom line: if you've worked a hard week and want to have a relaxing Saturday breakfast, please stay away from this place -- you will at best enjoy sub-par food and likely leave frustrated at their obnoxious level of customer service.
2_star Went for dinner to try their carved turkey. They were out, was going to take about a half hour. No problem. Then a half hour turned to a two hours. Threw was no white meat fried or baked chicken. They were out of plates, ice, cups and silverware most of that time. It's like they didn't know how to manage with a full house. What we were able to eat was okay. The turkey was not worth the wait.
3_star Food and drinks are really good but the servers are terrible and take forever, they don't check on you to see how everything is and if you need anything. The bussers and food runners do all the work. I don't even understand why they have servers they do nothing. I would rather tip the bussers and food runners.
1_star Mandarin Wheat beer tasted like baby aspirin. The karaoke DJ was a complete jerk. We will not be back.
5_star I like the food and great customer service, was just waiting for my to-go order and the staff gave me some mantee to try and once my order was finished they even gave me some free lentil soup to go just because they wanted to. Will surely be back.
1_star I always love buffet's and Hometown rarely disappoints...but this one is one of those rare instances. For one thing...it seats about 200 people, and has enough food for about 40. For whatever reason, the actual buffet area is about 15'X20'. It's incredibly small with a small variety of food. Also, the food that is there isn't great even by buffet standards. The fries were undercooked and cold, the carrot cake had some sort of whipped, non-cream cheese frosting that ruined the whole cake, and the chicken soup was among the worst I've ever had. If you want a good buffet in a fairly close by area, there are two Old Country buffet's within a 10mi radius and both have much more food to choose from, and better quality of food. UPDATE: Also had minor food poisoning the day after eating here, no joke. Stay away. Stay far far away.
2_star Good Mediterranean food, lovely setting, but high staff turnover is causing service issues. If they can figure that out, a lot of problems will disappear.
3_star We had a late lunch and it looked like the kitchen was barried and very unorganized. Looked like around 15 cooks and two chefs up front. Everything took a long time. The best things we ordered was the Chicken Wings and milk shake ( the shake took 30 minutes.). The Burgers looked great. The burgers where cooked Medium Rare but they had no seasoning and where dry. Truffle Fries they had no Truffle flavor and the frys where small and falling apart. Bachi Burger has much better burgers.
5_star When I take a trip to PHOENIX 100 percent of the time Oregano's is on my list. Today I went to my go-to special angel hair pasta with 2 meatballs. All you can eat for $10! Ask for BRI she was on the patio and was very knowledgeable about the menu! 94 degrees with misters in the background! It's definitely worth the visit.
2_star Don't be fooled by the hype, this restaurant lacks in good tasting food (which is my most important factor). Getting tasty food is like hitting the lottery here, there might be one or two items on the menu worth stomaching. Service and atmosphere are ok, but the marathon wait times and bland dishes are a detractor for the average patron. You've been warned!
1_star If you can wait an hour for your sandwich and do not mind it being cold then this is the place for you. Yes, you can receive faster service if you get there a few minutes before they open or a few minutes before they close but again no guarantee ... take your chances .... To be fair, I only waited 45 minutes and didn't get my food. They do happily refund your money though.
2_star After seeing Sweet Cakes Cafe's cinnamon rolls featured on tv this morning, we thought since it's not too far from home, we'd give it a try. Mis-take! The very large cinnamon rolls were individually packaged in plastic tubs (not marketed fresh, as one would expect 30 minutes after opening on a Saturday morning). Upon opening the container, the dry, doughy, day-old roll lacked a cinnamon taste and was PLASTERED by a sweet, thick powdered sugar paste. The coffee, thankfully, was hot enough to melt it down the throat. For the price, ($12.00 even for 2 coffees and 2 cinnamon rolls), companion and I were severely disappointed. We will take our business elsewhere next week.
1_star There are so many amazing Steakhouses in Las Vegas, and sadly this was a wrong choice. What a bummer! Such little time in town, choosing "that big night out for that big night food experience" took some research and I couldn't have made a worse choice. Everything was over-seasoned...from the Broccoli Cicco to whatever they drowned my brother-in-law's Filet with..there must have been a Pepper Monkey in the kitchen. And $17 for a glass of Cabernet that was at best 2nd shelf up at the Walgreen's Liquor Store? Geesh. It went from lame to worse upon using a Restroom... I'm OK with a unisex restroom, if it's necessary, but not really necessary here. When I'm dropping $400 on a dinner for 3, I expect NOT to visit a restroom with a toilet surrounded by the previous person's extremely bad aim. Really??? It was pretty disgusting. Meanwhile there was an overstaff standing around the restaurant doing nothing but look very pretty. One of them should have been cleaning the nasty bathroom. I could have had a better steak at Outback, and pretty much wished I would have. My steak was ordered MR, and it arrived on my plate cut in 2...half was almost MR, the other ha lf M. I was wondering where that promised woodfired traditional "Heritage" flavor was...there was none. A Line Cook in a diner with a George Forman could have accomplished better woodfired flavor. In closing, I suggest Chef Collichio spend more time in his restaurants and less time on TV.
5_star Even before we got through to door, I was impressed with the workers polite gesture of holding the door for us. Our server was very nice and responsive to our requests. The dining area was spacious and modern with both booths and tables. The food was delicious and it had a very nice presentation! I got the power wrap and subbed the turkey with some chicken and was delighted with the wrap. The house roasted Crimini mushrooms were simply amazing. My friend got the winter seasonal A.M. Superfoods Bowl and even though she isn't a big fan of coconut milk or chia seeds, she really loved the bowl and couldn't stop tell us throughout the meal. My other friend got the avocado toast and it certainly came piled high with smashed avocado! Yum! I would highly recommend this place for a nice breakfast with friends or family and I even glanced at the lunch menu and was impressed with the options there too! Will definitely be coming back!
5_star Pricy but really good waffles Good chicken portion. Let's keep it like that don't turn into home of the brave portions!
1_star DO NOT GO!!! THE WORST JAPANESE RESTAURANT EVER!!! I order a box Sashimi (salmon and tuna) alone with some other food to go. The Sashimi was not firm, watery, smells and taste extra fishy. For sashimi like this, it should be through away, not serve to a take-out meal, and hoping that I will let it go!!! I went back to the restaurant and the restaurant staff would not admit the fish is not fresh. I asked the chef to talk to me, and the chef cowardly hide behind the kitchen and did not willing to redo a fresh sashimi. It's a shame how this restaurant run! Japanese restaurant to me usually means integrity and quality of food, and this restaurant totally failed it! Because I ate most part of the first piece sashimi, I later had upset stomach, and I have complained to the Food Service Inspection.
1_star Went there a couple of years ago and had their Pho beef noodle soup. Greasy and the beef was fatty and full of gristle....awful. I thought I try again....had the spicy beef noodle soup...again awful. People who had ordered after me were served before me. Waited for 15 minutes for their "fast food". Anway, cool the broth, skim the fat and trim the beef. For really great soup try the Green Mango at Weston and Langstaff......wonderful.
2_star The servers were friendly and the salad was nice and big. However, I didn't go to a kabab house for a salad. The beef kababs were dry and tasted over-cooked. The Lamb Kadai which the menu said had ginger and green chiles. If a green pepper is a "green chile" then I guess that counts but I expected a bit more kick. I also was unable to identify any ginger in the entire dish and the lamb taste overdone. Not worth repeating.
5_star Best sushi place in Gilbert. yes even over Otaku and Blue Wasabi
5_star Quaint little local cafe! I had the Dirty London latte (earl grey + espresso latte) and it was fragrant and good! The boyfriend had the espresso ice blended drink, and it was delicious! They also have sweets (eg. Cookies and cakes) and even quiche and empanadas! Will definitely come back!
2_star The inside of Rooster's is fine, and the service is nice, but it's sneakily expensive and a little frustrating because of the combination of high prices and a la carte menu.. The meat portions are very, very small. Vegetable and other choices are relatively larger. I ordered the hangar steak and it was literally 6-7 bites for $18. I'd consider this more of an over-priced tapas restaurant than anything else. Although all of the food was quite good, I won't be back as there are too many other choices providing a better experience.
3_star Food was delivered quickly and overall atmosphere was nice. Bartender did a swell job.
5_star I usually get the hibachi chicken and steak. It's really good and affordable. The lady at the register is always nice. I've eaten in like twice and called in for carry out 5+. No complaints with either experience.
2_star The food and craft cocktails are worth a visit. However, I don't recommend this place for parties or if you have a large group of people. We tried to hold a birthday party at H & R last night and were told beforehand by the owner that it would be no problem. Unfortunately there were plenty of problems including really bad service and the staff not being alerted that we were coming. Our waitress seemed far more interested in hiding in the back than taking our drink orders. Everyone left hungry, thirsty and frustrated. I will go back but never to do anything but sit at the bar with no more than one or two other people.
3_star A nice cappucino with beautiful design. Breakfast food selection is limited with just croissants or strudel. Seating is limited with a few chairs and stools for the location. The chairs they do have are nice. Staff was very friendly. The aesthetic is rustic with distressed wood and ceramic tub to place used dishes in. A nice place to pop in for a few.
1_star For a restaurant that specializes in hot dogs, this place just doesn't deliver. I ordered a custom dog: a simple hotdog with chili, onions, and mustard. The chili was sparce and pretty much just tasted like water. The actual weiner didn't seem to be of high quality and was flavorless as well. Mustard on top was applied with a very heavy hand. Onion rings were greasy and no surprise here...not much flavor. Save your money--you can get a better hotdog at a ballgame. Great location and atmosphere. Just wish the food lived up to the rest of the restaurants in the area.
2_star Long time yelper, first time poster. Where to begin... This was our first and probably last time at Bubbas. The hostess was very attentive to customers when they arrived. I was able to notice due to the 30 minute wait for what seemed to be a not so busy night, at least in my opinion. (I co-own a pizzeria in a tourist area so I know what volume is) The hostess sat 3 tables of two in front of my party of two. When I questioned her she had nothing to say. We were promptly seated in the enclosed patio on a picnic table (suitable for a BBQ place but not when you have to sit for 2+ hours). We waited an additional 15 minutes to be greeted by a server. I don't like to compare apples to oranges (pizza to BBQ) but I think its fair to say that any restaurant has policies about greeting customers within X amount of time. My first impression = not so good. Hopefully the food was better. In fact it was... Aside from waiting an additional 15 minutes for potato skins appetizer...Hence my 2 star rating. I had the Deboned Ribs and they were excellent! My fiancé had the brisket and it was decent. Edible but not phenomenal. The food was the saving grace. Had it not been edible I would have walked out. It wasn't worth talking to a manager. I won't go back unless I have a groupon.
1_star Keep on walking. Make a different choice. Horrible fries, we even went back for a do-over. Still undercooked and soggy. Lousy and slow service. Overpriced even for airport vendors.
2_star Great service but food not good at all (frozen or processed?). Expensive for poor quality of food tho
2_star Food - A... Service D-... We went Monday for my BDay, Food as usual was great. Dawn our server was horrible. She was rude, forgetful, and seemed to not care about anything that pertained to doing her job properly. We had to rely on other servers, expediters, etc., in order to receive what we had ordered. Luckily my company made the night great since our experience here was disappointing. Not sure if we will return... if we do, we will make sure to not sit in Dawn's section.
2_star Meh. Sure to please the gringos looking for bland Americanized McMexican fare. A couple extra touches would help, like warming up the chips. I didn't try the drinks, so no comment there. Location and atmosphere are nice.
3_star Goldie's is the kind of restaurant that pretty much every suburb with a population of 30,000+ has. It's been around for decades (1991), serves breakfast, sandwiches and your typical diner entrees. Prices are fair, portions are large and, since they're not exploring the cutting edge of molecular gastronomy, there isn't any dish they don't do pretty well. I used to eat here when I was working in politics in the mid 90's. One of the fatcats would hold court at a corner table until 11 AM. I was driving back from a doctor's appointment with my wife. "Wonder if this place is still open?" It was-- and it was almost exactly as I remembered it. I used to get the $1.99 breakfast special-- two eggs, ham, bacon or sausage, toast and either hashed browns or home fries. It now costs $2.99 and ham is no longer an option. But they still know how to poach eggs, the sausage patties are not hockey pucks bought from a wholesaler and defrosted on the grill, the wheat toast is a cut above and the coffee is fresh and continually refilled. My wife had a custom omelet: $5.99 for three eggs and her choice of cheese, plus other things added ala carte. Here you run into an issue. onions & green peppers cost 50 cents; tomatoes another 50-- and a few strips of corned beef cost $2. Not a great bargain. Here's a tip. The hash browns (the shredded potatoes) are perfectly cooked-- crunchy and golden-brown. The home fries (diced) are unevenly cooked and greasy. Get the hashed browns. Since nothing I checked has changed., I'm going to guess that their deli sandwiches are still good. They never packed as much meat as the downtown places, but they didn't cost as much ($7 for corned beef, as opposed to the $12 at Slyman's). The burgers and fries are fine (but if you drive two more blocks east, you can hit the B-Spot in the neighboring strip mall). The chicken noodle was exactly what you'd expect; I didn't care for their chili. Service is good-- assuming they're not slammed. It gets that way. If you need me to go into more detail, you're probably new to this country. I've eaten in a diner like this over on Lorain road in Cleveland, one on Center Ridge in Westlake, one in Cleveland Heights, one down in Solon, a couple in Parma / Heights and even one in Olmsted Falls. I definitely wouldn't suggest making a pilgrimage. But if you're in the neighborhood and you're hungry-- especially before 11, when the breakfast special is available, Goldie's will treat you right.
3_star We went around 3pm on a sunday. I had seen the place a few times and wanted to try it but its not quite local to me. The first thing i noticed was it smelled exactly like going to the state fair...i mean exactly. You get your choice of full service or self service. We opted for self service. The cashier was very friendly. The tables have butcher paper on them with a glass of crayons to draw whatever absurd thing crosses your mind while you wait for your food. The food was somewhere between average and better than average. I gave it a B. My biggest gripe is that since i dont drink soda, or anything else with sugar, i generally opt for water which they choose to serve in the equivalent of a shot glass while the other 2 people i came with had soda served in big boy cups. It made me feel as though i were being punished because i choose a healthier beverage. Its a cute place to bring kids. Its a deep fried culinary paradise. But i may not venture a second visit there myself.
1_star The place was clean. They do encourage you to take out. Order was wrong peirogies mislabeled asked for mushroom was labeled mushroom got meat. The stuffed cabbage was undercooked hopefully it was just a bad day for the kitchen.
4_star This is a great neighbourhood restaurant. The staff is super friendly. The food is excellent! I've eaten at Central many times and I have never had a bad experience. Try the Gazpacho this summer. Amazing!
2_star ordered the signature steak, creative presentation however the steak inside didnt have a flavor to remember and the layer ojtside with the mashed potatoes had a fried crust which i wasnt a fan of. Lobster bisque was ordered for starter, nice consistency but pretty bland in flavor. Not a place i would go back for the price
3_star I love einstiens coffee and bagels! Why dont you have WIFI ????? Deal breaker - i go to the starbucks across the street for this sole reason.
5_star Perhaps the finest dining experience in the South West. Simple, refined, highest quality and taste, the Greek salad, octopus, seafood and lamb chops. Huge selection of wines. Did I mention fresh seafood is flown in daily?!. The ambiance is spectacular, matched by the service. Management is clearly focused on providing a superior guest experience. Bravo!
3_star Went to Coca on a Saturday morning for brunch, but was not completely wow-ed by this place yet, so I'm sticking to a 3 star for now. Ordered the Goat Cheese French toast, which was very interesting and good, but not the most amazing thing I've ever had. I love goat cheese, so I figured I'd give it a shot. The menu is also slightly limited, basically a lot of omelets, which I usually don't get. Overall, the service was average and the place is cute, obviously popular and always crowded, so I'll probably go back again to try something else.
2_star Food quality is VERY GOOD! Compared to other places the food was very well. BUT, the cashier comes off as very arrogant and rude. Firstly a "TIP" was included by default in the price of the dish. The dish that I had bought was $7.99 before tax. Which is $9.02 after taxes. The cashier gave me a bill for $13.00. A four dollar tip was automatically added. That's fine, as the food was great and so was the service BUT the cashier demanded ADDITIONAL "TIP". I had no problem tipping them, but if you have already automatically added a tip on the bill before even expecting it from me, WHY IN THE HELL would i give you another 3 - 4 dollars tip! The cashier expects too much from his customers. A 50% tip on one dish is already HIGH AS....so how dare you have the audacity to ask for extra tip. He specifically demanded that extra tip three to four times. IF I had drove that day and used their parking lot, then I understand that I should help the business by paying a small tip for the using the parking, but on this occasion i had bused. TBH the experience was ruined at the point he asked for more tip. ALSO unlike other businesses, at this establishment the cashier collects all the tips. Thus there is no guarantee that the hard working students and teens in the restaurants would actually get anything.
2_star Other than the decor being modern, there is nothing I would recommend about this restaurant. The service is slow, the food is not very good (but I wonder if that is what "fusion" is suppose to be like) and the prices relatively speaking is high for other comparative Viet/Thai places. It's close and convenient which is the only reason we've been 3 times but another restaurant has opened up nearby now - thank goodness.
1_star Walked In walked out. Stopped by this place as I've heard people from east coast rave about the food ( name recognition ) . Was very excited to try it out . Upon arrival I noticed how dirty the seating sections were . The food ( tomatoes ) did not look fresh and u could tell they had been cut at the very least 1 maybe 2 days in advance. The gyro meat bin where they keep the meat after it's been cut and sitting to be served had almost no meat in it and what little meat there was had been sitting in a pool of oil . The energy of the staff was very low , I interpreted this as they could care less bout quality and cleanliness . Just there to collect a check. Sorry I will not be Dining here as the lack of care to food and cleanliness come through . The saving grace for this Resturant will be the location (heavy traffic ) and name recognition . Such a poor example of this type of food.
5_star We got stranded in the Vulcan snow storm on the way to the airport and lucky for us we were close to this place! I have eaten in little italy a few times, and it was not nearly as good as Conte. The service was fantastic, the prices are fair, and the food is superb. The margharita pizza was super yum. The pasta arabiatta was really good too.
5_star Hands down one of the best restaurants in Cleveland, went there last night with my fiancée and she absolutely loved it as well. The ambiance is quaint and perfect , service was excellent ,the server was confident in knowledge of the menu and made recommendations like she knew the menu in and out. Food was fantastic , bottle of wine delicious , I guest what more could you ask for.... Definitely going back and Certainly recommend L'Albatros as a must visit.
4_star I'm new to the Phoenix area, so I'm still compiling a list of favorite spots, and My Big Fat Greek Restaurant definitely makes the cut! It's reasonably priced, and they serve fairly large portions. I went with my Dad and cousin, and we split the Fat Greek Combo, which was huge and contained a variety of their appetizers. The stuffed grape leaves were honestly the best I've ever had. I also tried the lamb and beef souvlaki, which was good. It would have been better if I had ordered it medium rare instead of medium, however. The place was clean, and the waitstaff attentive. I highly recommend it!
5_star had the pleasure of going to this fine restaurant for the second time, both trips we had great food and like the half price bottles of wine on wednesdays, had the chance to taste a more expensive bottle for a good price, my next visit to charlotte i will be back
4_star only had a chance to taste the veggie burger, tasted ok and affordable. staff were very friendly, and pub like environment was pretty cool. can't wait to try out the breakfast there next time, and live band at dinner time ...
2_star I don't spend much time around Phillips Place, so don't know the usual scene, but it was like Furr's Cafeteria in this piece. The pizza wasn't very interesting, parking was terrible, and the crowd was married with children and/or their grandparents. It's suburbia chain restaurant hell. I think the food will be predictable and edible, just nothing too exciting or daring.
3_star Dined here for dinner. November, 2017. Food was good, service was sub par. Fresh oysters to start - pleased to have a couple of Kumamoto oysters. Really good with the mignonette. Main - Salmon was cooked perfectly; I didn't get to taste the gazpacho, but the socca cake was soft and flavorful. Main - Scallops were cooked nicely as well. Corn and chorizo risotto was very savory and a really good balance of flavors (sweetness of corn and saltiness of chorizo) as well as texture (risotto vs chorizo). Plating was nice. Dessert - Chocolate souffle. This is a must (and should be ordered ahead of time as it takes 20-30 mins to make). Opted for plain chocolate and it was perfect. Not sweet at all, which made us appreciate it more so. As for the service...let me enumerate: 1. After letting our server know that we needed a few minutes to go over the menu (and drink choices), we were given more than a few. Without waters. Tables were seated and cleared around us before the server came back with the comment, "Oh they haven't brought you water." As if to shift the blame to others. Asked us if we'd prefer they get us waters before getting our orders. That should not have been a question at all. I said yes, water was delivered, orders were taken, which brings me to... 2. No draft beer. This should have been communicated beforehand. 3. This is minor and doesn't really matter as much: no white wine glasses. My sancerre was served in a red wine glass. Again, no big deal. I just found that curious. 4. Our oysters came without that small bottle of tabasco and without a spoon for the mignonette. The server came and commented that it should have arrived with the tabasco and motioned to grab it. Before they left, I mentioned the mignonette spoon as well. The server came back with the spoon. No tabasco. And asked if we wanted it. At that point, we were already staring at the oysters for a bit. So eff it, I said "No," and went without. 5. Our side dish never came. We ordered the peewee potatoes. As we tucked into our salmon and scallops, we noticed that the potatoes never came. After waiting for our water, finding out they didn't have draft beer, and no tabasco, we thought, for the second time: Eff it. And kept going. The main dishes were solid and filling that we opted to just let it go. This would have been a bigger issue if it was on the bill (it wasn't). Thankfully, no issues with the dessert. So there you go. I had been wanting to try this place for quite some time, unfortunately, the experience did not really live up to my expectation. Food was the saving grace.
1_star Place is a total scam retain a copy of your receipt because they add erroneous taxes and charge for items you do not order. Went there on a Monday night pretty empty but we received very poor service. We ordered several drinks and charcuterie and the waitress asked if we wanted bread, and vegetables with it. We said sure why not.Charcuterie was fine, the bread was table bread and cold. When the Bill arrived and we noted that we had been charged for bread an the vegetables that we didn't order but the server suggested to bring. In the history of charcuterie I have never heard of it being served without warm toasted bread or brioche as a counterpart. We were also billed three taxes: HST1 8.5%, HST 2 (5.5%), and also a final 13% tax surcharge. When we asked the server for change, she pocketed five dollars of the 120 dollars we gave her returning to us 115. I was extremely disappointed with the service we received and I am considering reporting the taxation that was utilized on our cheque which we took a picture of. Been to gastropubs through out the world, and this is ranked as an overly hyped imitation of what an established ought to be.
1_star Arrived at 8:53 pm for dinner on Tuesday. Although closing time is 10pm we were turned away.
3_star Prices are good, food is okay (not amazing), staff are friendly and attentive, and the location is great. I usually go here before catching a movie or after some shopping.
4_star So delighted to discover that the dosas are just as delicious as their original location, and that they take reservations at this Raj Palace! I am guaranteed to return, & will probably convince my partner to get take out here, as he works nearby twice a week. Interior is larger than their original location, but not huge. It is nothing fancy, but is new, bright and clean. Menu is pretty much standard, but with some ice cream desserts and gluten free cake added. My Mysore masala dosa was yummy - nice and spicy as I like it. (Pro tip - most traditional South East Indian cuisine is spicy, especially when it is described as spicy. If you don't like spice, don't order the items marked spicy) I did feel it could have been a bit hotter, temperature-wise, and the middle of the dosa was just a touch soggy, enough to knock it down half a star. I will be happy to revise the score if that turns out to be a fluke. My one disappointment is that the entrance is not really accessible - I am not sure how you would get a standard sized wheelchair through the tight turns at the door. In addition, the sidewalk outside was a slick sheet of ice, and I saw no evidence that the restaurant or mall management had tried to do anything about it. I know it is winter in Calgary, but it is not that hard to throw down some gravel at least.
2_star I came here for a second time in Thurs, April 16 after having been there a few weeks prior with a friend. This time I brought my boyfriend who is a craft beer connoisseur. I was so excited once I saw they had poutine fries and ordered them immediately. They were very good until the about fourth to last bite. There was a bread tag in the dish. I don't know how I didn't see it before I put it in my mouth but it was a very odd feeling I was really confused. I do not blame it on the waitress or the cooks but it was unsettling and I decided to close out my check although the fries were taken off my bill. I did get two beers there though that night and they were very delicious. Not so sure I'll be back, I will be afraid to take a bite of anything.
5_star A friend had recommended Jasmine months ago, but I just made it down here. Ful Medamas, a fava bean dish served with pita bread, started me off and all by itself was a delicious and memorable meal. So many different flavors, all of them great. Followed wit tabouleh, lamb and shrimp kebab on yellow rice and a house salad, along with a cold, pink jasmine drink, and I realized I had two problems: I couldn't leave anything behind and there was too much beautiful, delectable food! I had a square of baklava to finish, although I was more than a little concerned that a Mr. Creosote incident might occur. It didn't. I rolled back to my room to sleep it off. Wonderful!
4_star Amazing food & staff! Their guacamole, made from scratch right in front of our table, was so amazing, it was worth the $17. We had salad, fish tacos and beef tacos. All the food tasted so fresh & the staff treated the group of us like queens!
3_star Food way just okay. Service was painfully slow. It was more of a fast food experience.
3_star The cider I'm sipping on is delicious, the prices not too bad and the decor is lovely. But the staff spends too much time tending to the crowd at the bar and not on the tables. If not for the service I'd make this my new hang, but alas - I like not waiting 30 minutes after being left a menu for a waitress to come back.
1_star It's total BS that they advertise beer on the sign outside and have huge beer coolers inside (with prices listed!) but don't sell beer. To my mind, that's a bait and switch to lure customers inside. If that's how they operate, that suggests they can't be trusted.
2_star The only thing amazing about this place was our server. Cayla was super informed and super nice. She told us about new menu options coming soon, unfortunately chicken sandwiches and steak salads were the only suggestions. Not her fault but food was very inconsistent and boring. Save your money, don't eat here. Also management Cayla should be your boss.
1_star Went in on a friday night, we were seated in a far corner away from everyone else, our waitress kept forgetting about us, didn't want to get us refills, my husbands limeade was nasty, and we could see our food sitting in window for the longest time, with so many other restaurants in the area, we won't go back
1_star Super awful experience?Would give zero star if I can. The manager thats in on Jan 09 2017 is very rude and extremely arrogant. We were told to book our reservation time at 7:45. Got here at 7:35 just to be sure that we are not late due the bad weather. Got seated at 7:45but in between 7:45 and 8:05, a good 20min passed nobody came to ask if we would like anything to drink or offered water. We patiently waited for other customer to show up so we can get the table started. Which they're already 25min late, we are really hungry and we asked the manager if the restaurant have anything against customer that are late for their reservation? Are we just gonna sat here an hour wait for other people, if they don't come in? He said yes, and when we ask if we could sit with other people or form a new table? He said: As you can see we are full (actually is not), if you want to sit at the wait area, feel free! So far 8:30, no food in my plate yet.
1_star Poor service. High price with low quality food! $3 for a side order of fish balls only comes with four pieces. And the beef rib over rice hasn't even been cut!!!! It's definitely my last time!!
1_star The service was horrible. I would not come back if my life depended on it. The drinks stinked. The bartenders were all standing around visiting ignoring customers.
3_star Yesterday, we came here for lunch. The food is ok and we have always had nice servers. My husband went to use the bathroom and was disgusted with how dirty and filthy the bathroom was. It looked like it hadn't been cleaned in days. This made us wonder about the cleanliness of the kitchen. We won't come back here after seeing the filth in the bathroom.
1_star Very disappointed. Second time in a week that coffee is terrible. First time, no flavor, just water. Today cold. I informed a lady and she said she would prepare a fresh pot. After 20 mins, when I finished eating, I asked for my coffee and the response was that I would have to wait, for a fresh pot to be brewed. As ridiculous as it sounds, I said I would wait and coffee came with no flavor at all... Hot though.
5_star We've been to Meat and Potatoes many times, and we've never been disappointed. This brunch visit was no different, with amazing service from Crystal for a party of 18 - no small feat. The specialty cocktails (this time with vodka, proseco and fruit juice) are always a treat, and they have a small but impressive craft beer list. The food is the real star, though. The short rib hash is among the best dishes I've ever eaten, and the eggs in purgatory and banana French toast got rave reviews from friends. Absolutely a must stop for brunch or dinner.
4_star Pamela's was great! The food and service were excellent. I got the Pittsburgh hash and it was delicious. It's a great value too. As many others said, they only take cash so be prepared.
4_star This is a true bar/grill and we liked it. The zucchini appetizer and the fried dills were fabulous to start with. I had the veggie wrap and it was really great also, fresh and tasty. They have a lot of choices on burgers and sandwiches, which all seemed popular as we saw multiple different sandwiches being served adjacent to us. Prices were average to slightly on the high side, but the food was good, service fast and friendly. The 20 ounce very cold beers during happy hour really can't be beat! It is supposed to be a sports bar, but it really does not have that feel, not many tvs, or loud groups. Great place, will be back.
3_star The bf and I both had the tasting menu. The soups were disappointing. I had the sweet corn and boy had the hot and sour. I was super excited for my soup and it tasted like nothing. Literally, nothing. I could barely taste the corn. I then tried my boy's soup and it was too sour for me. The main course was alright. It was beef, chicken, and lobster. The beef was very tender but like another reviewer said, it's covered in teriyaki sauce. Paired with the other items, this ended up being too sweet for me. I actually preferred the chicken more. How can I ever have Panda Express Orange Chicken after having this stuff? And you know you love Panda's Orange Chicken!!! Anywho, Pearl made their chicken mm mm good. I can't say much about the lobster since I rarely eat it. All I know is that the bf said that it wasn't high quality and he was disappointed in the lobster. *I forgot to mention that their fried rice was the best I have ever had! Rice cooked to perfection with baby broccoli and other vegetables I didn't care about. Baby broccoli! Woo! The dessert was a tiny chocolate raspberry cake and it sure hit the spot. I didn't *love* it, but it was good. Good service, could be better but no real complaints. I will say that at the end of a long filled gambling Vegas day there is nothing like a cozy romantic dinner with your partner in crime to smooth over a spanking at the tables. We were seated at a booth and while they were super comfy, my baby was like 4 feet across from me. I felt like we were in the Grand Canyon of booths. So if you are looking for a romantic dinner out, go somewhere else. I think it's a good place for groups though. I enjoyed my dinner there but probably won't go back if it were up to me.
5_star Made a reservation because of Yelp reviews. Drove into the crazy/odd parking lot and didn't drive out because of Yelp reviews. Went inside - sat down - ordered salad rolls......it just felt right. There were many regular customers who were warmly welcomed, families and out of "towners" it just felt good in there! You could tell there were plenty of foodies - long conversations with waiters - people asking for "the best" and "you order for me, this is what I like...." We ordered: Prawns on Drunken Noodles - I am rarely at a loss for words - all I could say when asked was - "I am so happy". Beef dish with peanut sauce - also wonderful - though the previously mentioned was by far my favorite. The service was as expected - prompt, tidy, nice but not overly solicitous. If you are looking for amazing waiters and ambiance go somewhere else. If you are looking for perfect - and I mean perfect food - please join in the feast - like many have said before - the place is so worth it.
2_star The food was good, but the service was pretty bad. 4 stars for the food, 1 star for the service. ______________________ Greeted by an over-the-top employee who told us not to get the sandwich, BC the bread goes bad, and sandwiches were for people who were too unadventurous to try a wrap, (I didn't realize that wraps were that cutting edge). We ordered 2 wraps, the first was ready promptly when we paid for our order. We sat, and we waited for the other wrap, cue the crickets. Over the next ten minutes, we did not see any employees behind the counter preparing anything. However we could here their yelling and carrying on from their kitchen area to where we were seated at the other end of the restaurant and we were the only customers there. An employee talking on her cell phone, noticed us and yelled to back for someone to make the other wrap. Crickets again. Finally another employee did reappear. When I asked about the other wrap, I was give a lame excuse that the delay was because falafel was still frying. Who knew it takes 15 minute to fry a few falafel, I certainly didn't... My bad! Not sure if that second wrap was worth the really long wait, but both wraps were good. I wouldn't mind eating their food again. Hopefully they catch on to the concept of timing their orders based on preparation time, so meals arrive at the same time. (BTW, I feel a little guilty complaining about this place, as I don't really take fast food seriously, after all we are only talking about sandwiches/wraps here)
4_star Great burgers. The fries are awesome, nice and crispy. You have to try the milkshakes. So good.
4_star Spending couple weeks in Cleveland, decided to explore local sushi one night. Ended up at Shusei. Sushi and service was great, a little pricier than $$ though. Shusei is a little more upscale and $$$ is probably more accurate cost rating. Great experience overall.
4_star Best vegan or vegetarian food in this area hands down! The brunch is amazing, the quinoa fries are insane!!!! Most options are healthy, lots if gluten or dairy free meals, including dessert. The juice is also amazing. Everything is fairly expensive, but you get what you pay for. It's crowded in here and not kid friendly, so make a reservation. A quick cheaper option is the sandwiches they have in a cooler for lunches.
3_star I haven't been here in years and I am a little disenchanted with the service. I know not to get upset cause the food is epic....Well, the pasta fagioli was just as remembered amazing...Pizza super epic....lasagna still rocking it.. So should have been 5 stars let's pay more attention to the customer & it will be just as I remembered
2_star Ono Hawaiian BBQ at the Power & LP 202 location is the location closest to where we live and when we don't want to cook local Hawaii food, Ono's was the place to go! But after several visits, I'm very disappointed. The service is terrible! Both my Wife and I was dying for some plates like the BBQ combination and the curry katsu. And you gotta get Spam musibi's! Well, we tried to make a phone order the person who took the phone order told my Wife that they were too busy and weren't excepting phone orders. I was like WTF!? and thought it was weird. I just told my Wife I was dying for some Kalbi short ribs so I'll just order at the restaurant. When I got there, the place wasn't even busy. Yes, there were people enjoying their meals and MAYBE, when we tried to place our order they WERE busy. So I placed my order, sat and waited for it to be ready. While waiting, their phone rang and I over heard the cashier explain some of the entrees they offered. Well it sounded like the person on the phone wanted to place an order so the cashier says there's a long line so we can't take phone orders and hung up. I looked around and there was no long line! I don't know if the two cashiers were lazy or what but that was an outright lie! Mind you, I even tried calling them to try and place an order but I got a number for a fax machine the first time and no answer the second time. Let me make this clear, someone picked up but it was like I was placed on hold! I was kind of pissed at this point! And to top it off, my Wife's Katsu Curry plate had the Katsu, but NO CURRY! This no curry in the Katsu Curry is he second time they forgot to put the curry in our plates! If you're dying for local Hawaii food and don't want to cook it yourself, Ono's will provide... expect them to not pick up their phone if you want to call in your order or screwing up on your order...Ono's is hit or miss and this time, for my family and I, it was a total miss! Very disappointed!
1_star Very disappointed and astonished to be told when we arrived at 8:30 on a Saturday evening that the kitchen and the restaurant was closed for a private party. We had looked at their website before going and there was no indication that they were closed that evening to the public; the hours they were open showed until 10:00 p.m. Saturday. Been to many other ethnic restaurants in town which still serve the public when they also host private parties simultaneously!
2_star My boyfriend and I have been fans of Mert's since forever now. We LOVE their food and the soul put into it. However, the past 3 times we have gone recently, something has been either wrong or uncooked, and it just leaves us speechless in what has become of Mert's. The customer service is lacking horribly, service is sllooowww, chicken has been under-cooked two times now out of our 3 recent visits, and the list goes on. All these downs have swayed us away from Mert's now unfortunately. Every time we want to grab something soulful to eat, we think of Mert's....then remember what has happened the last three consecutive times....and then we back out and chose elsewhere. Truly unfortunate, but I would rather not risk spending $30+ to have uncooked food or feel as though we do not even exist in a restaurant that should be serving us, taking our orders, refilling our drinks without us wondering around to find someone to do so :( Really hoping for the best and that the management there straightens up and get this place in shape again.
4_star I had the fish n chips to go so I'm mostly speaking on how I really liked it. The slaw was one I could eat and I hate slaw. It is a more upscale place than I am use to. The ambience was nice, quieter, something I expect more in the suburbs actually. The patio looks like I will be returning in the summer especially for the nachos. Good date place I think. Fish was large and tasty and the tartar was something I could eat. I also don't normally do tartar.
1_star La Brioche is beautiful inside. The food is good, borderline great. The baked goods and cakes look better. However, I will NEVER be able to get over how HORRIBLE the service is. I have given La Brioche my " 3 strikes" policy, hoping that the bad service might be a fluke, but by reading the other reviews and by my own experiences, it seems like a trend. The servers look like they are on a fast sinking ship, they are totally unaccommodating, totally rude and need to study up on what they are serving. I feel like if the service is bad, why bother trying to make everything else great. I give La Brioche one star and I think I am being very generous. I feel like no matter how good an establishments food is, if the service is not up to par, it doesn't matter.
5_star The food was delicious and fresh and fast! I had a steak burrito and pastor and barbacoa tacos. I also got a can of coconut juice with pulp in it. It is authentic Mexican food. The kind of food that is hard to get unless you are in Mexico!
4_star Good food, the service was shaky... Our server forgot our tostones until we were half way through our entrees and she brought the wrong shrimp dish, but apart from that it was great. The owner/manager apologized and took time to visit with us.
2_star I would not choose this steak house if you are in the area. Me and two friends went a couple of weeks ago and they burnt my steak. A Chef should know how to cook a steak no matter how it is ordered. I get embarrassed to send it back, so I just asked for steak sauce and dealt with it. There are just too many other great steak restaurants here to waste your money at this one, and I think they even charge more here. I go out monthly with Vendors and would never refer them to this place.
1_star Ridiculous. 10 minutes standing by the table, waiting for it to be cleaned before I sat down, 25 minutes waiting for the order to be taken, 20 minutes waiting on Pho. Never got it. I had to leave, by that time my lunch break was over. Can't imagine what was going on there before if they're so proud of their New Management.
4_star This is one of my favorite places to eat and has been for years. I figure who better to write a review on Texas Roadhouse than someone with years of experience. I've never ordered anything that I didn't like. The food is always well seasoned and tastes great. Although it's not a meal (wish it was) my favorite thing to eat from here are the green beans. Instead of getting two different sides with my order I get two orders of green beans! I have no idea what makes them taste so good. The only conclusion I've drawn is that they're laced with some type of drug because I'm addicted to them!! The rolls with cinnamon butter are also delicious. I've gotten full off of them plenty of times. On top of the great food the service is also really good. There are also plenty of tasty treats on the drink menu. Try the Jamaican Cowboy on for size. This is a great place to bring your friends and family. The prices are reasonable and this place should exceed your casual dining expectations. I know they exceed mine! Since this is a popular restaurant if you go between 6:30 and 8:30 you may have to wait a bit for a table. It can get pretty crowded especially on the weekends. But that should only tell you one thing, Texas Roadhouse is a great place to eat!
1_star Fried zucchini was refrigerator cold when served. Chicken tenders overdone. Tasted like oil was rancid. Server told us it would take about 20 or so minutes for our food, as a large order was before ours. 6:30pm, about full. We had to flag down the server to get the zucchini taken care of. Large chunks of zucchini dripping with grease. Do not recommend this place.
1_star An update on the earlier review. After sitting and waiting around for 20 mins or so, someome finally remembered that they needed to do something official about it so a guy came over and asked if I was OK and I would like to file a report. On the report all I was asked to do was put in my contact details and not anything about what was wrong. was told I will be contacted soon for my version of the story. Its been 3 days already and no signs of any contact - have started developing pains on my back spine already.
4_star VERDICT: A higher-brow, alternative to it's cousin down the street (Meat & Potatoes) with inventive small plates, and a truly stellar selection of bourbon. SERVICE: Good, as expected for a place at this price point. Servers are friendly, attentive, and will bring you an iPad to browse their extensive bourbon list. We were seated at the bar while the rest of our party arrived and were seated as soon as our table was ready, so no complaints here. FOOD: I was here with a larger group (8 people) and would absolutely recommend doing it this way. Butcher and the Rye has a variety of small plates and the more people you have, the more you can try, without breaking the bank. Options run the gamut from French Onion soup, to sashimi, to pate, as well as more exotic game, like rabbit and quail. The sashimi held its own against offerings from Umi or Penn Avenue Fish Company, and the ponzu sauce that came with it was different and delicious. On the meat front, the pate and pork terrine were tender and flavorful; the braised beef cheeks in the Shepherd's Pie and the flank steak were of high quality, but over seasoned. For a cheese course, we elected to have the baked camembert, which was forgettable, and would definitely have benefited from the addition of some honey. I did not sample, but heard good things from my fellow diners about the brussels sprouts and the mac n cheese. My one general issue with the food was that a lot of it felt fussy and overcomplicated, with ingredients/garnishes/reductions for the sake of show rather than flavor. The quality of the ingredients is excellent, and I feel the food could stand on its own with fewer distractions. AMBIENCE: Butcher and the Rye has a lovely rustic, yet modern/trendy feel to it, with a juxtaposition of wood and metal. The wall of bourbon is a focal point in the main area and wooden benches add a welcoming country kitchen feel. The semi-private room at the front is bounded by floor to ceiling windows. If it's cold out, it can get pretty chilly, so plan accordingly. BOTTOM LINE: Skip it if you are a picky eater, but for those with an adventurous palate, it's definitely worth a visit.
5_star The cheese steak with sauce & onions is almost as good as the chicken salad; which rocks!
3_star I have had two experiences at the 16th st. Zipps. The first was great because our server was very nice and on top of things and the second was terrible because the server was very unpleasant. Burgers were priced right and the food was good. I would go again and hope for the first server!
1_star Service was very poor waited about 50 minutes just for my appetizer I recommend to come here before seven o'clock. I arrived here at eight o'clock my food arrived at 9 by the time my main diss had came I had lost my appetite
2_star There were a lot of choices for tequila, however, maybe a total of 3 ounces in the very well Iced drink. The chips were interesting but the dips we had were very good and flavorful. I had the steak tacos with black beans, rice, and some kind of pickled medley. The place was almost dark as there was no lighting at the tables nor above us and we had to use our iPhone flashlights to read the tiny writing on the menus. My meal was cold. The bill was wrong but we worked it out amongst ourselves to get it right. For $40 I don't think I'll be going back.
1_star Placed my order for a chorizo and egg burrito, sat for about two minutes, and my order was ready. Thought it was good since I thought they had excess food prepped and just warmed it up. Got home, popped in a movie, settleled in and took a bite, not a good taste then i notoced that it was partially cooked. Tossed it trash. First and last visit.
2_star Went there today for the first time for a group event during lunch. The place was crowded with seating close together, so at times it was difficult to walk between tables, which you have to do to access the buffet. Service was good (drinks were refilled often, dirty dishes cleared frequently, etc...). The food was nothing to write home about. The hot food was not hot enough, the tempura was soggy, and the sushi rolls did not taste fresh. The pieces of sushi seemed fresh because that seemed to be what was being consumed and therefore turned over quickly. When I got the bill, I noticed the drink was an extra charge, which surprised me because buffets in town include a beverage in the price of the meal. I did not try the desserts, but the green tea ice cream looked good.
4_star One of the greatest sushi place I've been to. Great service as well, the server was very helpful as my girlfriend is a beginner in sushi, he was on par with everything. The food was delicious, clean, fresh and had great presentation. It is on the pricey side of the sushi life but it's worth it if your going to fine dine for the night.
2_star Long time customer - **VERY DISAPPOINTED** Some places you can tell that its all about the Chef. When this place opened they had a class A chef, your steak was something wondrous, something to look forward to and much more than a piece of meat. After several months enjoying family life I managed to get myself out of the house, it was either Harbour Sixty for a Provimi Veal Chop or to the farmhouse tavern for a classic mouth watering Rib Eye and I chose the later. To my surprise the Chef that I had so learnt to love was no longer there, apparently he moved to Geraldine and I will be sure to follow. I ordered as usual a few drinks and the Rib Eye, medium rare, the way you are supposed to eat a succulent broiled piece of meat and waited for over half an hour. When the dish arrived I as usual cut off a corner of the newly seared meat to enjoy that fatty first bite, but the cut was a little strange, the meat was sticking to my knife, a sign that the meat was under cooked and was more on the rare side. Now to qualify myself I am a big steak connoisseur and I happen to be in the meat business so I know a good cut and have had my share of well cooked dishes to know what is and what is not. When the dish returned from sending it back it was steaming, the kind of steam you see in a chef Ramsey show where he looks disappointed because he knows they microwaved the food to overcompensate for the initial bad judgement, however in my case the chef stuck it on some other menacing high heat mechanism in the kitchen. The mashed potatoes where now overcooked but worse the meat was crisp which was actually very pleasing to my palette, but they misjudged because now all of the seasoning was burnt which gave the meat a bitter taste. This was now a piece of meat, something that could have been dredged up in almost any of the mediocre kitchens that exists in this over run town of restaurants, it is unfortunate but mostly sad that this is the end of another good thing. two stars because the absinthe drink was fantastic and because of all the good times that used to be. Bye bye and farewell, sorry to see you go.
4_star This was my first experience at Caplansky's deli on a Sunday late morning. It's a great location in Little Italy and inside has a nice dining room area with tables outside as well. I was greeted by the staff who were quite friendly. I ordered the smoked meat sandwich which I have to say is the best smoked meat sandwich I have had in this city! I am definitely a fan and will be returning soon!
1_star Horrible experience. We arrived with a party if 13 and was told we had to meet a minimum of $300 or they would not seat us. We told them that it was not on their website and it was not told to us when we called group reservations. I was SHOCKED when the General Manager Marjorie Rugg argued with us and told us that she was not going to seat us. I then told her that we were a table of 7 and a table Of 6 and they said they could not seat is together. There was only a couple people in the restaurant on a Tuesday and they were being this rude! We argued that there was no one there and they were turning us away and Marjorie Rugg said they were going to get busy. They then went to sit 7 of us inside right at the entrance next to the kitchen and we said we did not want to sit there. They said they did not have anything else. Once we did get seated we sat on the balcony and there were 13 empty tables. We enjoyed our food but we will NEVER go back. For the trouble and the money we will eat elsewhere. Now Greg our server was awesome! Very nice and great service.
2_star We went their for lunch today (6/25/12) about 11:35am. The place is small and it packed. The waitress was quick to ask us what we wanted to drink, but after that it took her a long time to come back and take our food order. I ordered the Gumbo, my husband ordered the Catfish and Grits, and our daughter ordered the BBQ Shrimp. When the food finally came out, my Gumbo was warm at best. It took our waitress a few minutes to bring the bread (which is very tasty, by the way) The BBQ Shrimp was salty, but the shrimp was cooked correctly, and the Catfish and Grits were good. Then we had dessert. We shared a Bread Pudding and Bananas Foster dish. The bread pudding was really just a banana bread (or so it seemed to be, but it wasn't bread pudding) with caramelized sugar spooned on top, then topped with a small scoop of ice cream. No bananas in site. All in all, the food was OK in taste, portion sizes are small for the price, and the service was SLOW! We may try Lola's again to try their Po-boy sandwich, but other than that, I do not see us returning. Too bad, we love Cajun food.
4_star Very nice classic style steakhouse. A great view of the strip at night when seated by the window which we asked to be moved to as another group finished before ours was served. They had to inquire first and then were happy to oblige. Very Friendly service. As for the meal two of the four dishes had to be sent back, one was an overdone Pork Chop Porterhouse which they replaced and was spot on. The Rib eye ordered med-rare was blue, they took a second stab at it, put it in the oven, and brought it back on a clean plate. I guess that's ok ? The other plates were a hit, a NY Strip and a Cajun chicken, which were nearly finished by the time ours returned. Not a disaster but there are too many steakhouses in Vegas to be coming up short like that, hope it doesn't happen often.
1_star The overall experience of Sunday brunch was a large disappointment. This was the 4th time I've eaten Sunday brunch at this location, and they have each gotten progressively worse. The drink order took about 30 minutes to arrive, and when they came the bloody marys were watered down with no seasoning. Basically tomatoe sauce with water. We let the waitress know and we changed our drink order. This was before the food arrived. Some 30 minutes later our food came. The food was delicious. We ate, it was good. After we had all finished our meals the drinks we had re-ordered showed up (more than a little late, obviously). Overall, the food was great, but Sunday brunch should not take 2 hours. I will wait a while before I go back, and hopefully Radio Maria will get their act together.
4_star Great gluten free pizza crust is available. I love he BBQ chix pizza so much have not tried others. Usually order wo bacon because tends to be a bit greasy w but that is just me. If your gluten free don't miss this one!
1_star Don't ignore the reviews: this is some of the worst food at the most ridiculous prices you'll ever find. In fact, it belongs on the restaurant equivalent of the list of movies so bad, you have to see them for their hilarity. I ordered a New York strip with tempura and got back one of the worst cuts of meat I've ever been served. Fatty, possibly old. I mean, this "steak" was more suitable for your dog. The tempura was unremarkable. The salad was lettuce with some dressing. Miso soup tasted like it had a non-fish base. (Touch of beef broth? I don't know). All this for $36. I'm still trying to decide which was worse, this, or Estiatorio Milos. At least I could eat the food at Milos, even though it was mediocre and I had to arrange financing. This stuff . . . this stuff was plain BAD. The service was equally bad. I wanted for a refill many times. The ambiance was tomb-like. Should have been a tip-off, but I wasn't thinking. Oh, the regret . . . Terrible, just . . . terrible. Don't eat here. Go to Chipotle or something. You might at least walk away satisfied.
2_star Fries were soggy and pulled pork sandwich was too salty. Server didn't stop by very often. Bathroom paper towel dispensers were empty.
2_star I've been to the boom on Eglinton and came out 100% satisfied ... Maybe it's because I ordered take out from this one on st Clair that I'm so disappointed... I had the threesome... Something that leaves me usually full... This time not at all.. My "fruit garnish" was three small pieces of melon!!! Maybe this place is only meant to sit down in the restaurant and eat...
1_star Yesterday me and my wife tried this resturant we ordered two types of kabab with rice, the lamb meat was awful smelly nasty and the chicken meat was hard and the rice cold, the resturant was cold too. Don't recommond this place to onyone.
3_star Love love love the beer selection and food, service is ALWAYS a nightmare especially when you go there during very busy times. Yes the waitresses/bartenders are all gorgeous but they are never very friendly, do not know the menu/beers on tap and take a very long time to come check up on your tables. I have ordered take out a few times and it's hit or miss whether they act like you are bothering them with taking your order or not. When I go to pick it up I wait a good 5 to 10 mins before someone even bothers to look at me, a female, at a bar full of men. It is nice that you can help yourself at night to the cooler and pay for the beer at the bar, that keeps your beer fresh and cool.
1_star ordered pizza from this place before and it was not so bad until today, had two large pizza's deivered to my home and what a dissapointment, both pizzas are over cooked on top, cant even taste the cheese, I am adding more mozzarella on my own to make it taste better, even the $5 caesar's pizza is not this bad. very dissapointed
4_star The food here is excellent. Great prices and they're pretty generous with the amount of food. Service here isn't always the best, but that's pretty typical of Asian restaurants.
1_star Tried to go here twice over the Christmas holiday and both times they were closed even though the website said they'd be open. When we arrived there were no signs on the door indicating they were closed. One would think they would be open the day before and the day after Christmas, but apparently this business doesn't understand demand. Very frustrated about the misinformation and the lack of signage. I do not recommend trying to go here over the holidays.
1_star Okay food. Poor service. We were there at 8PM on weekday. There were not many people in the restaurant. There was only one server in the restaurant. We had to wait until we finished all the food, before we could get another glass of water.
4_star Great atmosphere and brunch is fantastic with lots of options. I had the florentine benedicte with potatoes and a cordial (the "high society" with elderflower). Everything was very well prepared and delicious.
1_star long wait, one hour to get to the cashier, 20 mins wait to be seat and long line for food. Very bad, not much of choices, crab legs are skinny, sushi only have 3 choices(spicy Tune, veggy, and tempura). always have emty tray, takes lots of time to refill. The only good thing is dessert and nice prime rib.
3_star My friend was visiting in town a few months ago and we decided to go over to Cravings to get some buffet action going on. I remember the food being alright, if meh, at times. I DO remember this, it was a bit pricey and they have gelato, and it's not too bad. They also have AMAZING macaroons! I ate 4 or 5 of them, and even snuck a couple out with me in my purse. I had to, they were the best macaroons I've ever had, and I don't really like coconut. Yeah, I'll eat a macaroon once in a blue moon, but it has to look good, and these, just looked like they'd be good (kind of like a Madeline), I'm soooo glad I went and tried one. I'll admit I spent most of my enjoyment in the dessert section of the buffet. I had cakes, and macaroons and gelato.... I remember feeling a bit ill afterwards, like I'd need a long trip to the bathroom, (but that didn't hit me right away), or that I was instantly 8 1/2 months pregnant.....instead, we drove home (luckily not far at all) and my friend was sending me text messages from the bathroom telling me how awesome Cravings treated her....and left her in an awkward sometimes painful experience on the loo. All in all, it's not the worst, and not the best, yet I've still not been able to find the "best" one yet. Still looking.
4_star Been here about 4x now - close to my work. I had heard they had fantastic tacos - and they DO. Love the blend of Mexican/Korean fusion. Flavors are awesome. Go try it out - you won't be disappointed and you can walk out for less than $10. I keep going back to tacos - had the burrito once. Bulgogi tacos - so good. Service for the limited staff - just excellent - they take care of you.
2_star This place makes me so irate. There aren't a lot of places in the Phoenix area that have this much potential and squander it without effort. One of the best patios in the city, decent happy hour (although they are very overpriced when it isn't happy hour), boche ball, and live music on Sundays. I say that to say this. Probably the worst customer service in Arizona. It doesn't matter what day of the week or time of day I go. Busy or slow, hot or cold, I can't believe how poorly this place treats it's customers. It's almost like they think it's a privilege to drink there. I try the place about once every couple months and it has become a game with our group of friends to see how long it will take to get service and how many times our waitress will roll her eyes at us. The place is like spaghetti-o's...you forget how much you hate it so you remind yourself a couple times a year.
1_star Ok, my extended family keeps making us go and every time I leave angry that I agreed to go in the first place. This was my THIRD awful experience. The service is HORRIBLE. We even called ahead this time to make sure we'd have a table ready and we still had to wait for 20 minutes to be seated. When the hostess took us to our table, most of the restaurant was empty and the lobby was FULL with people waiting outside. I'm a vegetarian, so when I ordered I asked if there was meat in their sauce. The waitress said no, but there is meat juice in the sauce. She said "in case you are allergic to meat, its okay because they just drain the juice off of meat and use it in the sauce, but there are no meat chunks." That eliminated 99% of the menu for us. The food takes FOREVER to arrive. Our salad and bread plates were never cleared from the table so we started stacking dishes at one end of the table. My sister-in-law asked the waitress if someone could please clear the table, but that request was ignored. I had the bruschetta as my entree which was smothered in cheese so it was more like pizza bread than bruschetta. My husband had manicotti and it was cold when it arrived and completely flavorless. Unfortunately, I'd have a better experience at Olive Garden.
1_star Walked out after finding Foie Gras on the menu. Interesting how they make a point to allow vegetarian substitutions for the burgers, but put food created from animal torture on the menu.
5_star Everyone knows this is the Best place for something cheap and Amazing! If its just for a nice Breakfast, Lunch, Dinner, or Hangover Meal its perfect! I love this place not only there food, but easy service, and quick serving!! My suggestion is to go inside rather the drive thru it will be quicker trust me!
4_star Love this place! Delicious mexican food for a cheap price. Must try to queso!
2_star Very disappointed in the service this time. We have always had great food and service. We don't go to this location very much, however this last visit, not so good. They were not that busy on this Sunday morning, we were sat quickly and ordered immediately. Not sure if we waited so long because we ordered lunch late in the morning. But we were told our food was coming up next and we kept waiting for almost 45 minutes. When it finally did arrive it was hot. When I checked out and was asked how was my visit and after explaining to the manager that was also cashiering, all he had to offer was "I'm Sorry". Hmm not exactly the reply I wanted to hear. Not like I was playing a scratcher ticket but the same response - Sorry better luck next time. Not very good Customer Service guys !!
5_star I'm happy to have found great Mediterranean food! Had the mixed plate so I was able to try the beef and chicken, both delicious. Service was fast and friendly.
5_star Stumbled upon this place accidentally. It's located in La Fiesta Shopping plaza (in the food court where the huge play gym is located- huge plus for those with kids) and right across from Carowinds . When they say authentic they mean it. They had fresh salsa and guacamole out for tasting as well as two different types of tamales. I did not taste everything, was rushed but the guacamole was wonderful, fresh and perfectly balanced seasoning and cilantro for a super fresh taste. They offer all the basics: tacos, burritos, quesadillas,sopas, fajitas, flautas, enchiladas, and more. Lunch menu offers full meals with drink included for 5.99 and aside from regular fountain drinks they have sweet tea and fresh fruit juices like melon, guyaba (guava), and horchata (rice milk). I had the Guava juice and it was perfect, not overly sweet and very fresh. The quesadilla I ordered came out great and I opted for rice and beans (meal normally comes with salad, rice and beans are 1.00 more). It was worth it the rice was excellent and if you like refried beans they were really good also. I'm definitely going again and do recommend for those who love Mexican and want authentic and *fresh*. Card says delivery is available. Mon- Thursday 10am-8pm Friday-Sat 9am-8pm Sunday 9am-7pm Orders Phone: 803-548-0013
2_star I'd like to give a better rating , however over the past ten years I've noticed a decline in the quality and experience in this place. They've really spruced up the interior and brand but while doing so, they took away the "history" of removing the classic pacman/aliens arcade table game and discontinuing the Shamrock stamp card. The prices have skyrocketed and the quality has decreased in the product over the past few years (except the Shamrock Shakes) . I feel that the only "homemade burger" they have now is the Famous burger since the size and quality has been the only constant in their burger selection. I still can say that the burgers are good, but it used to be able to say that they were great. I remember as an early teenager coming here to a jammed packed place where the original staff/owners would be so friendly and inviting. Now it's the total opposite. All the staff seem friendly, but lack the guest interaction. The manager/supervisor had to be the low in the whole experience. Seems like every time I've ordered she acts as if she hates her job by lack of personality and tone of voice when I ask for a combo. I feel bad for the staff because I can tell she brings them down. And for some reason two years ago, a cashier that was just hired there that I knew personally was told by that manager not to talk to guests, even though I was the only person there at the time. Kinda weird eh!? My only real highlite now in coming in is seeing my team picture on the wall by the entrance and remembering when they had us come in for free meals at the end of our season.
3_star We stopped by for Pho since we were soo done with the Vegas mass grazing from last night. The Pho here is decent as far as Vegas goes and the broth doesn't taste artificially sweet like some places when they load the MSG in there. Their bean sprouts are super clean and white which is a good indication they do it right. We may come back again if we have a Pho craving while in Vegas. Oh don't order the Che Ba Mau dessert it is a rip off!
5_star OK. Now were talkin'. The food here is yummie-delicious. I had 2 quesadillas-one w/chicken and one w/mushrooms. What a delightful surprise-especially the mushroom. Everyone loves my special mushroom dishes and this one at La Palapa is just a different taste profile and better than mine. A friend of mine had the mole-she is an excellent cook and loved the mole. Another friend had chorizo quesadillas and also had great appreciation for his dish. We also had the watermellon juice which I believe was special for the day. I've only had this concoction in Soho in NYC (much more $) and this libation equally good and in prettier glass. And the price-forget about it-downright cheap. Can't wait to return and have the dessert. I love flan and I'll bet theirs' is excellent. I was there on Th. afternoon and 2 other tables were taken-so you should be able to find accomodations. I couldn't be happier to have this place in my neighborhood-never leave!!
5_star Amazing fresh food. Different from the norm. The food is very tasty and we'll seasoned, a great place to share and catch up with friends.
5_star First time here and we had excellent food and service. Our waiter explained how things work here. Marinated meat is welll marinated they always change our grill basket when we burn our meat..lol
5_star Seriously this review isn't so much about the food as much as the service. The food was decent but we had the best waitress. I've never experienced such a good waitress. She was quick to bring our food, our drinks and everything else. She continually asked how we were doing without being obnoxious about it. Thanks for a great job, Carlie :)
5_star Very friendly folks. Really Clean. Bathroom was spotless. Food was outstanding. Crispy pork belly delicious. Will be back thank you.
1_star This used to be our favorite, however, they recently changed their name to China Wok and their new recipes are a huge disappointment. The fried rice was dark and heavy, the Broccoli beef had a strange taste, and the love in was also dark and odd tasting. We will never order from here again.
3_star Food was good service was slow I don't know why there was only 5 tables being served.
4_star Great place to have breakfast. Fast and friendly service. Arlene was very courteous and attentive. Hefty servings at a reasonable price.
2_star This use to be the place to go, it has turned into a complete mess as of lately. Came here yesterday and waited over 10 minutes and no one came to serve us. Decided to come back today and it took 7 min, we waited only because the Thursday Night football game was about to start. As we left we placed an order to go, got home and they gave us they wrong order. They said they would put the order right in and started driving back. Got to restaurant and order was still not in, had to wait for 6 wings. Last time we visit, going to miss the good food, but the service has really sucked as of lately!
5_star This is the place for the best hot dogs ever - once you try them you will be hooked and be an instant repeat customer - friendly staff - hometown feel and great food mmmm! Try the Salsa its so amazing and truly an award winner - so glad my wife found this place I will be there often.
5_star Julian Serrano is amazing! I would give this 10 stars if that was an option! Initially, I didn't even want to go here..... because my first impression was that it was going to be tiny servings with a fancy bow & big $$$ tag, that would leave me still hungry for more. Boy, was I wrong! Every dish ordered was prepared and cooked to perfection. Bursts of flavor, fabulous presentation, reasonable portions, and just overall a wonderful experience for the tastebuds. Love the decor & ambiance too. Below are a few comments on the dishes I will be crawling back for :) And please note: I did not try all of the below in one sitting. The list includes dishes tried on 3 different sittings :) MUST HAVES! - Tuna Cones - this was my favorite dish! I wanted another order! But btw, i think it's only available at dinner. I didn't see it available on their lunch menu :( - Stuffed Piquillo Peppers - so delish! especially if you like goat cheese & mushrooms. Was my second favorite dish! - Ahi Tuna Tempura - maybe because I love both Ahi Tuna & Tempura, but I thought this was just scrumptious - Tuna Raspberry Skewers - a nice twist of flavors. - White Ceviche - this ceviche was divine! My only complaint was it was a bit heavy on the lime, but then again I'm just not a lime fan ;) - Spanish Chicken Croquetas - kinda like fried mozzarella stick, but with chicken & creamy bechamel sauce! I really liked this. Note: I luv creamy/cheesy stuff. - Grilled Lamp Chops - very tasty & tender GOOD!, but nothing to scream about: - Wild Mushroom Soup - again, it was really GOOD! but I would prefer getting a second order of something above if given a choice :) - Lobster Salad - Lobster Saffron - Beef & Cheese - Padron Peppers - i felt like it was a bit too salty (this coming from someone who LOVES salt!) Also, it's probably more ideal as a sampler dish for a large party. For my table of 2, I felt like I had enough after a few bites, and felt padron pepper'd out by the time we finished the plate :op - Brava Potatoes - don't get me wrong, it was delicious. but as it's a pretty filling dish, i just felt that these were not out of this world, and I'd rather fill up on one of the many other tapas choices they have to offer Overall, it was so delicious. Can't wait to head back here soon!! :oD
2_star Food was mediocre. Service was good. However, I was disturbed by the way my French fries were served. It came in a paper wrapping in a metal coil. Sounds innocuous. The wrapper is a facsimile of a newspaper dated May 17, 1861. I will post a photograph of it. This is a quote from thecivilwarproject.com regarding that date: "Confederate President Jefferson Davis signs a bill to bring North Carolina into the Confederacy if its citizens vote to secede and support the Confederate Constitution." Is this a coincidence? Either way I was not amused. Make of it what you will.
3_star I made a few attempts to get in this restaurant in Jan & finally got in. One day I went there at 3:15pm attempted to get in their dinner buffet (3-10pm). I was not allowed to line up but get a slip to tell me the time I should go back to start lining up, & it stated 8:30pm!!! When I was finally in there a couple days later, it's only an ok place, not as great as some reviews & pictures. They have King crab legs but very limited, those were gone pretty quick & the lady took a long time to add more. OMG we paid $53 to get in (plus the long line). I really didn't expect them to not add enough food in some stations after we've paid so much to get in. Also, I was expecting Salmon sashimi but there's none; only very thin tiny slice of sashimi on rice. About the dim sum station, it's not too bad, the shrimp dumplings were good but then they incl BBQ pork bun (this is a very cheap kinda food to be included in an expensive buffet). I was also expecting lamp chops but there's none. I've seen some cool pictures of the honeycomb but there's none. I was lucky to get one big chunk of beef tail but after that, they've never refilled that dish so my husband couldn't get any. Some of the desserts taste awful. Incl some gelato (too artificial), the creme brulee was not rich enough, the miso green tea cake tastes like some vomit, so yucky!! Well, the chocolate mouse cup was good. Also, the chocolate dipped strawberries were yummy (especially those dipped with green tea chocolate, kind of creative & tastes good). Overall, the food was ok but really not worth $53 & the big line up. I was a bit disappointed.
2_star Great pizza but poor service. I called and was put on hold for over 5 minutes so I hung up and called back. I was then put on old AGAIN for 5 minutes. When the person finally answered she was in no way apologetic. Also, it was a Tuesday night an hour before closing, so I doubt they were busy. This is no longer my go to pizza place. Very disappointed.
2_star Pros: Not jam packed, service was quick and professional. Cons: came here specifically for a bloody "Maria". Ordered a double (wife did too). Tasted good, but I'm pretty sure they gypped us on the alcohol as neither of us felt one bit different when we finished them. Thus the disappointing rating.
2_star So this is an Italian restaurant located within the MGM Grand area. It was my husband's birthday and we opted to go for Italian as he loves Italian and we don't normally get it (plus it was way cheaper than the Japanese tasting menu I was eyeing across the way). I'm going to break down the two parts of the dining experience: food and service. The food was okay. We split the Spinach salad, which they thoughtfully divided for us. However, it was just meh -- the dressing was relatively tasteless but there was a great deal of bacon in it. Then my husband ordered the spaghetti with the Kobe beef meatballs. I had the pasta trio tasting. When it came out, my husband was served the orecchiette. We sent it back to get the appropriate dish which was an excellent idea as the orecchiette was present in my trio and the pasta was just really doughy and the sauce very bland. My trio also had a lobster gnocchi and a ravioli with some game meat. The ravioli was actually pretty good and I ate every bite of it and almost licked up the sauce. The gnocchi was okay, but they used a lot of lobster in what felt like compensation for the blandness of the rest of the dish. My husband's spaghetti however was terrible. The pasta was not cooked through -- you could still taste the dough and the sauce was also really bland. All in all, for the food, we would've been happier being served Chef Boyardee spaghetti and meatballs which was really disappointing because my husband loves Italian. Now for service. We were seated and water and menus were brought out. Great. Ten minutes pass until our waiter comes to see us (it wasn't him that brought the water and menus). We give him our order. Our salads are bought out by someone who was not the waiter in about ten minutes. Then a half hour passes before we get out entrees. It's the wrong entree for my husband. Fifteen minutes later and our waiter appears for the second time that evening to bring out the correct food. We finish and our plates are cleared away by someone not a waiter. We wait for twenty minutes looking for our waiter to order dessert, but he's nowhere to be found. We realize that it's past 9 and we have to go because we have tickets to the 9:30 show of Ka. We track down the manager and ask him for our check. He actually comps the drinks which was really nice of him because my husband didn't make a scene or anything -- just walked up to him and explained that we had been waiting for 20 minutes to order dessert but now we had to go and needed the check. After we receive the check and now waiting for the credit card slip to come back, our waiter makes an appearance for the third time that evening to ask if we want any dessert. And during all this, the table next to us arrived about fifteen minutes after we did and got an appetizer, a pasta dish, and were just finishing on branzino dishes when we left. The manager also stopped by during each course to see how they were doing. Afterwards, my husband was still mad about this, so he went back to the restaurant to talk to the manager. The manager told him that he was actually not the first person to tell him about the bad service and food *that night*. Their reason was that they were really busy even though when we sat down the restaurant was half empty and didn't start filling up with those large groups he mentioned until we had received our entrees. Anyway as my father later put it, "We get these comments every night, but we don't care because this is a tourist trap and we're never going to see any of you people again anyway." So this place gets two stars. But the manager who comped our drinks without request gets four stars because he knows how to try and make a client happy.
5_star My husband and I moved here from Los Angeles and have missed all of the ethnic restaurants in the City of Angels. Indian food is one of our favorites so finding The Blue Taj was quite a treat! The food is amazing! My husband tries something new each time and is never disappointed. I join him for an adventurous new appetizer on each vist but each time we go I order the Chicken Tikka Masala. It's unbelievably good! Also, the naan at the Blue Taj is better than any naan I've ever had. If you love Indian food or have been looking to try it, I highly recommend The Blue Taj. The wait staff is super friendly and always very helpful with recommendations based on your tastes.
1_star Avoid this location! Comically small portions. Horrible service. Constantly out of critical items. Don't quite understand how you can mess up Chipotle this bad, unless management simply does not care. I'm done with this location. I'd rather drive the extra few miles to Old Sauk.
2_star Very unimpressed with the Bellagio Buffett. Completely overrated. I think we paid for a dessert buffet because that was the only thing worth eating. Proteins- turkey was dry and inedible, prime rib was cold, crab legs served cold, BBQ chicken dry, salmon was ok but nothing to write home about. Very limited selections of food. Left feeling like I'll be hungry in an hour from lack of proteins. Huge waste of money.
4_star its all about the experience. you gotta mix it up. this place puts your grub in a bag. no plates or utensils just your hands and a bib. we went sat. night. did not wait long. great music, the staff was happy and energetic. we had 2 lbs shirmp and 1 pound of crawfish, cajun fries, rice, 3 sodas for under 50. all was great.
2_star Wait way too long for mediocre food and moderate service to iffy service. Not to mention LOUD. I get that it's Vegas in a casino, but c'mon. Too loud to even talk normally. Not worth a special trip.
3_star I went here for Winterlicious, and I was really excited. It'd really beautiful inside, a nice atmosphere. I feel that the food wasn't as good as it could have been. The price was nice, $15 for a three course meal. I started with the Leek & Potato Soup, Shaved Truffle Infused Pecorino Cheese, while my friend had the Bistro House Mixed Salad, Balsamic Vinaigrette. The soul was really good, with the exact amount of thickness and flavour. The Pecorino cheese was a tasty addition. For my main, I had Black Angus Beef Burger, Aged White Cheddar, Garlic Toast and Frites. My friend had the Sole Filet à la Meunière. She thought it was wayyy too salty. I liked my beef burger, but it was not outstanding, merely good. The french fries were nice, but didn't seem housemade, and the garlic bread was blackened to the point of almost being burned. For dessert, I had Apple Crumble with a teeny scoop of ice cream. It was okay. All in all, I wasn't really impressed. It was a nice meal to eat, but if I had paid full price I would have probably been upset.
2_star Robuchon was the first 3-star michelin my wife and I had been to (Daniel in NYC only recently attaining their third star). However, it paled in comparison to many of the 2-starred venues. The prices are obscene first of all - about double what I've grown accustomed to paying for a similar experience (even the champagne). Not to mention, the bites and bubbles menu at Guy Savoy we had tackled two nights prior was MUCH more affordable and more enjoyable. Our standard 5 course menu began with what was really an oversized amuse bouche, a chopped apple with spices served in a glass wrapped with pictures of apples. Good but not worthy of being called an appetizer. The next dish was cold, shaved foie gras and thin slices of black truffles arranged in a salad. The truffle slices were old or improperly stored and had absolutely no flavor. I absolutely love truffles and should have sent it back; huge disappointment. The foie gras was excellent however. The main courses were a boring fish cooked in a unneccesarily huge iron pot and some wagyu steak. The quality of the steak was amazing, much like the one time I've had authentic prime wagyu before where I was charged far less for the pleasure. The one saving grace of the meal was dessert.. The presentation of a shiny, glittery ball that melted upon contact with a warm sauce was spectacular. The dessert trolley offered a wide selection of expertly prepared mignardises. The free take-home box of chocolates was a nice touch. Service was great but not exceptional and the tables were packed too closely. Overall, Robuchon is hardly deserving of 3 michelin stars based on our one experience, though your mileage may vary . I feel that it was all style over substance and that may be fine for fashion bu not for food. At half the price, I'd have been more forgiving (3-4 stars), but I felt cheated and given the many other excellent restaurants in Vegas, I don't feel there's any reason to visit Robuchon. And I say this having gone in with a very positive attitutide after dining at L'Atelier de Joel Robuchon in Paris, which was exceptional all around. If you do go to Robuchon, my one piece of advice is to go a la cart, which I didn't realize was an option and seemed almost reasonable.
4_star I am a morning person. I hate going to the gym on Friday mornings. The only good thing that I get out of it is going to DJ's when I am done. It's always clean and even though it's always busy, the line moves really quickly. I actually wish it would move a little slower so I can look at everything they have, but the best so far is a turkey bagle on 7 grain and of course toasted. The girls who work there are all young, but always have quick answers to all of my questions. I love it!!!
4_star I'm a fan of this place even though it's a chain. The balcony is really nice to sit on, and even though our server seemed extremely scattered on our last visit, the meal came out just as ordered and it was one of the best plates of biscuits and gravy with chicken that I ever had. It hit the spot!
3_star Good pub, pretty random & eceletic vibe. Was expecting mostly undergrads, but had a varied age group. Tried the nachos...nothing amazing... Until after 11 when the lower level turned into a dance floor. Great dancing music ! New and old...top 40s included. Pretty cool vibe throughout the place...bunch of pubs connected together, each with their own unique music "theme". There was one room with a piano player taking requests too.
2_star The bartender was rude and acted too busy on a slow early Eve and was oblivious. With her back to us, she said I'm listening to you. When I asked about the raw oysters she said u can ordered 6,9 or 12.. Then she was incorrect...only 6 or 12. No offer of any kind.. When they came she said here u can look at the menu and see what is on the plate... She forgot never gave us napkins, silverware, plates and water.. Service was poor. We taught her how to make a cocktail.. She could have looked it up and asked if that's what we wanted. The recommended dessert was.. I ice cream on a toasted hot dog bun... Really? It was a pretty summer night and the service was so poor.. Not what I wanted at all! Go across the street..
5_star Excellent service and everything from the starters to the dessert was absolutely fantastic! Everyone in our party of 8 tried a different type of fish and the vegetarian ravioli and nothing disappointed. The best part of the meal was the angel food grilled cheese for dessert. Our waiter recommended it and he was spot on. I would highly recommend it as well!
1_star Ordered open face brisket sand. $13 for tough meat and the meat was difficult to identify under the gallon of super sweet barbecue sauce. My eating partners salad was pretty good though.
5_star Great food, great atmosphere, and my son took out the Big Unit!!! Man vs. Food style....way to go D!!!!!
3_star To me, Steel Cactus is about a fun place to meet up with friends! There's plenty of seating and a large deck, so it's perfect for sitting around and chatting over drinks. Catch their happy hour, which doesn't end till 7pm. Nibble on whatever their daily special is. Enjoy the lively atmosphere, and possibly use their photobooth, tucked away by the bathrooms. The food was just ok and the margarita very "from-a-mix" tasting, which is the main reason I'm giving 3 stars. Generic mexican food, nothing special. (I'm pretty biased and picky about mexican food. Usually, I'll reserve mexican food for trips back to Texas or California.). But again, I stress that this would probably only be a place I go for casual meet ups over drinks. Don't be expecting the most authentic best tasting mexican fare. Service is pretty good, considering the high pace/bar atmosphere. The bartenders are always hustling around during happy hour, so they're very quick and no-nonsense. But definitely not rude. The last time I was in, there were a few credit card technical difficulties and also some order mixups, but they were handled very quickly and the bartender was very apologetic.
5_star So far so great. Loving my bartender Morgan. She is the cats meow. Will definitely come back and try all the different yummy looking items I didn't get to today.
4_star Overall very good steak. We had a party of 5 no complaints. Wait staff looked a little too busy to provide the service level I would have expected.
2_star The quality of the dishes matches the type of service that is offered, pretentious, crap at it's best. There was a 20$ egg white fried rice that really captured my interest, part of me said to myself ' what are you stooopid? 20 bucks for fried rice' and the other part of me that said' this fried rice must be loaded with goodness perhaps some sea scallops, giant prawns or even some deep fried cured pork belly' well kids it wasn't. It was a over salted plain egg white fried rice. To all those who gave this place 4 stars and above I am jealous and wish that I had shared the same experience as you. Then again if some of you that rated this joint 4 stars and above might be the same ppl who think General Tao is a staple to Sichuan cuisine.
4_star Food is good 4.5, service 4, parking is limited 3. Not many selection of food if you don't like seafood, but the ??? is quiet good ($60, need to make reservations).
2_star So So is the best I can give it. My corned beef sandwich was dry and the bread fell apart. When I brought it to the managers attention the response I got was that they knew about it. Poor response!! Not sure I will return.
2_star for a professional chef's restaurant the "pasta" was mediocre. fake Italian at its finest. the lamb was good though
1_star I went in at 830 on a Saturday and got a burger to go. The fries were good but the burger was probably the worst I have ever had. I could not taste the meat because it was overpowered completely by a black charcoal burnt flavour that was disgusting. Maybe the grill was dirty after a long day, but it was the worst. To be honest, and this may be paranoia.... I noticed the young guys at the grill kept looking over at me while they were making it, and I think they gave me a gross burger just to f@@@ with me. I say this because, when I took the burger apart to inspect the insides to see why it was so bad, there was a very small red hot pepper That I Did NOT order, hidden Under the burger. Gross burger that I feel they made badly just for me! Thanks for nothing
2_star Went in for lunch today and the entrance kind of throws you off because you can't really tell it's an entrance. We went into the bar side and we were not greeted and there was no one tending the bar. We walked around to check out the decor in the lounge area and no one ever approached us for a menu or anything. We quietly left and ate at the Butcher Block next door. Unsure this place will last due to the previous service comments listed by other people but I sure hope it makes changes fast. Tons of potential and I would love to go back to have a better experience.
1_star Took 1,5 hours for delivery, so 40 minutes late. Cold food, tastes so bland, no cutlery , no napkins. So disappointed !! Worst falafel pita of my life
2_star A group of buddies and I have been going here every time we visit Vegas - been going for over 12 years. This year was not their best effort. Started when we were seated - they 'forgot' to even give me a menu. Really? Isn't that kind of 'seating 101'? The food was 'good' but not 'great' like it has been in the past. Then they had "an issue with the oven" and it took over 25 minutes to get our chocolate souffle. And when we were done it took another 20 minutes to get our bill (although they did take the cost of these off the bill). Should have thought something was up when at 7:30 there were only 4 other tables occupied in whole restaurant. Really too bad, it used to be a really nice place with great food. We will give it only one more chance - then it will show the beginning of a pattern.
4_star THIS PLACE IS IN FACT OPEN. Great diner style burgers, delicious flavour, sweet sweet staff, great music, cool vibes. Definitely a place you could hang out at all night.
4_star My hubby brought me here for date night. When you first walk in the atmosphere is very trendy and it kind of feels like you're not in Vegas anymore (off strip). The staff is pleasant and explained everything on the menu to us. The food was delicious, however while some reviewers are saying that the portions were huge, be aware that not all portions are huge. My hubby got the lamb chops and there was very little meat on the bone, so not a lot to fill him up. Desserts though were massive and delicious!! If you are looking for a non-alcoholic beverage, the pomegranate while iced teas was very refreshing. Overall I loved this place and will be back.
2_star This place was amazing when the two guys owned it. Since then the portions and quality has gone down significantly. Kind of sad because there are not very many restaurants to choose from on the west side.
1_star For someone that says they are food allergy friendly they seem to be doing a terrible job. I have a really severe egg allergy and a gluten intolerance. After waiting 30+ minutes for our food it arrived, with bread, and mayonnaise. Seriously?? 2 out of the 3 dishes were just totally wrong. Our server apologized and told us in all of the time he had been there he had never had that problem. I accepted and prepared to wait again. When they brought out our food finally, it was wrong again. My chicken with apples and brie? No brie. Also a giant silver server of mayonnaise, again. At this point I was about to have a full on panic attack. I got about two bites in and realized that my food was cold. Since it was wrong initially I assume it sat in the window while everyones elses was remade. There was no way I was going to be able to comfortably eat this, since they clearly did not take food allergies seriously. They did apologize profusely and took a big chunk of the bill off, but it was the worst restaurant we went to for the 5 days we were in Vegas, we will never be back. I wouldn't leave such a harsh review if they hadn't told us from my initial phone call before our trip, and when we sat down at the table, that they took food allergies seriously and were more than capable of handling it. They need to go back over the system they have in place because it is not working.
4_star Had a great meal with the family. Best Mexican in a long time. Only a dozen or so tables. Go early. Gets a bit loud. Had a kids menu that was well stocked. Watch out for the offered chips and dip, not free. At 2.50, worth it. If you like queso pay the 4 bucks. It was the best. Great place, hope they can keep the food quality over time.
2_star Went there for lunch for my birthday and i was not impressed at all. I ordered a beer & they were out off it and i. Ordered a vodka & tonic which wasn't bad but i saw our drinks just sitting at the bar for way to long. I ordered the prime rib dip.. The waitress then came over and said they were out of the bread for the sandwich and ask if they could put it on a hamburger bun; the food was good. But how do you run out of stuff in the middle of the week? My brother ordered another beer and that like our drinks before just sat at the bar. After we said we didn't want desert they just brought the bill didn't even ask if I wanted another drink. The all around service needs major improvement
3_star The pizza is decent but the standout here is the antipasto plate. They also have some great beers and I like the small house feel to the place. Great spot next door too, palate.
2_star New owners...and a real disappointment. I used to eat here all the time.. I loved the authentic Greek salad.. tomatoes, cucumbers and real Greek dressing.. Now it's brown lettuce and vinaigrette. I paid extra for pita bread.. For that price I can eat twice at Wendy's and have a better salad and with chicken.. Chalk up one lost customer. Oh.. and the on-line menu doesn't even come close to the new owner's menu..
1_star I'm still fuming over a day later about our experience at Grand Cafe. We just moved into the area, and had absolutely nothing in our fridge...and the babes were HuNgRy to say the least. We decided to just grab a quick bite at the coffee shop because it was close to our house. After waiting nearly 15 minutes, and watching numerous servers walk past our table, we motioned to another server who said "our" server would be there soon. Another 5 minutes went past, and our baby was ready to throw a fit and crayons were only doing so much. Our server, who's name has escaped me, finally came to our table to take our drink order. I politely asked for a coke and a water with lemon, an apple juice for the baby, and a hot chocolate for my 4 year old. He repeated back a coffee, and for you sir. I politely corrected him and he then asked if Pepsi was okay? I said, no I will just have a water with lemon. He then rolled his eyes and asked my husband for his order. At that time the baby let out a scream and he stood there rolled his eyes and sighed extremely loudly making a scene over our crying baby. He was obviously annoyed and less than enthusiastic, and annoyed by our children's preference. My husband stood up and was irate over the way we were treated after our baby started crying because we had waited over 20 minutes for a drink order. We spoke with the manager, who was even less helpful...and finally walked out and went to Panera to feed our babies. Needless to say I've never been treated so poorly by a server who's main source of income is from tips. I will never step foot into the Green Valley Ranch Resort because of the lack of care and concern from the management. My friends are coming in to town for the weekend, and after the experience we had have canceled their rooms. We ran into a friend who was waiting to be seated, and he left as well. Moms and Dads beware! The bald server is a JERK and the management is less than helpful!
2_star Overpriced and slow. If you order the seafood tasting, they will ask you if you want one of them to come out first. This is a trick. They charged me for a crab cake appetizer, instead of just bringing the crab cake out that comes with the entree.
3_star We've been here several times for birthday dinners and the food is usually fresh and flavorful. This last time there were a couple of dishes that missed the mark namely the peking pork chops and tofu hot pot. However the crispy chicken was a perfect balance of crispiness and juicy chicken. Also another favorite is the green beans with minced pork and preserved olives. It may not sound all that appetizing but the combo is delish. Be prepared for limited parking and small cramped quarters along with hit & miss service in exchange for some of the better tasting authentic chinese food in town.
3_star The burger was really good, didnt like the fries but It was cool
2_star food is awesome. lack service many problems/ empty glasses/ wrong order/ waited for drinks. asked for the manager through the hostess. The hostess just went to the server. sever came over and never spoke with the manager.
3_star My 2nd time eating here and I would say some dishes taste better than others. Fujian style fried rice is good. Their noodle soups are just ok. I would dine here when I don't feel like making a trip to LV Chinatown or buffets wear me out. A bit expensive and small portions!
4_star Our first time visit today. Food was very good and service was great. !
2_star Can't stand the smell! Come to Flemings all the time. They were remodeling and something isn't right! Smells like sewer literally. I think they have a plumbing issue from the remodel.
5_star This place has delicious food! Great service, and a great atmosphere. The banana pudding is to die for. Don't let the parking lot fool you, there is lots of space for seating, it probably isn't as packed as it looks!
5_star Loving cafe 6. The pretzel is amazing! They have a Dr. Pepper burger, with grilled onions, portobello mushrooms, and white cheddar that is absolutely delicious!
1_star One of the worst dining experiences I have had in a long time. The gyro was so salty I could only eat 1/3 of it before my tongue started to feel burned from the excessive salt. My mojito was made with gin for some reason. The bartender was rude: he swore in front of us (yelled "shit" at the register multiple times), checked his phone at least 3 times while working, never refilled water or asked if we needed anything. The bar itself is poorly designed and incredibly uncomfortable to sit at. There is no space to have your legs actually under the table while you sit. The temperature of the establishment was warm and humid. I was wearing a thin, summer dress and was sweating before my food arrived. My husband got a side of tabouleh with his dish that he said was good? I'm sure there are things on the menu that aren't terrible but we will never be back. There are too many options in the neighborhood to settle for such horrible service and lackluster food.
1_star "What you see is what you get" This is definitely the case with O'Noir because you get absolutely nothing for the high price you pay. The food was bland and cold. Chicken had no flavor, the rice was mushy, and the vegetables tasted like they came straight out of the freezer. The service was slow and infrequent. I felt like my glass was always empty. The wait for the food to come out was waaay too long for what seemed to be a microwavable dinner. Actually I've had microwavable dinners that tasted better. Save your money and eat in the dark in the comfort of your own home. Anything you eat in life will be better than O'Noir. p.s. their employees ARE NOT blind as advertised.
3_star As others have said, it's all about the cocktails. They have a very large (and slightly overwhelming) menu of specialty cocktails to cover a variety of tastes and whims. I have truly enjoyed every drink I've had there, even though my wallet takes a bit more a hit than I'd like. The food (tried the beef carpaccio, cheese curds, fries, pork pappardelle, lamb sliders, classic burger), while nice, is not on the same level as the drinks. I wouldn't make a point to come here for a meal, but perhaps share a light snack along with a cocktail. The biggest hit here is the service. I've never felt like the servers have been interested in answering my questions about the menu, the food is very slow to come out (even on an empty week night), and the servers disappear, when I am ready to order, could use a refill, dropped a fork, want the check, etc. A Wednesday night dinner should not take close 3 hours.
4_star Went there for dinner a few months ago. Had a great experience and the food was fantastic. It's a bit hidden in the shopping center, so I wasn't sure what to expect. Ended up being a great place for some drinks, appetizers and dinner. I would definitely recommend it to anyone.
1_star . Came with clients for happy hour and immediately got a bad vibe from our waiter Jason. He got obviously irritated because our party of 6 took up 2 tables and declined to move all of our drinks etc, to a single table for 6'once it was finally open. He was rude and openly unhappy that we were taking up space. When our sushi was delivered, a few people said the tuna rolls didn't taste like tuna and when they mentioned it to Jason AND the manager, they both argued and acted as if we were ignorant and just wanted not to pay for the rolls! Even with the sketchy treatment I tipped him 20%, only to have one of our party overhear him and the manager talking trash about us on their way back from the restroom! I'm a regular there and Kona is not cheap and neither am I! However, I will NOT be back to this location and both waiter Jason and unprofessional manager can choke on their tuna rolls that are not real tuna!
3_star The food is good in general. More of the Americanized version of Mexican food. On the heavier side for food. While the food is good, the restaurant lacks ambience - a few American movie posters in Spanish. The service was very, very slow.
1_star Poor service, spent $30+ for carry out during dinner time and they won't give me plates or utensils. She explained that they only give disposable plates and utensils for dine in customers. Do they expect me to eat the food on the containers with my hands??? Other place would give you extra stuff if you spend more than $25. Never going back.
3_star It's really dark inside because of the "club" feel. I wish there was more lighting than the little candles they put on the table. Also, the music is really loud, so I wouldn't bring a date here. You literally have to yell to each other if you want to say something. Also, you have to put up with the karaoke divas. Sometimes they're good, sometimes they're not. It's a risk you have to take. The dance floor was dead, but that's because none of the music was hype. Lol. Aside from all that, the food is really good! They make hella good sisig. Also their crispy pata is good too! I tried their pancit a while back and had no complaints. There's not many places to get sisig in Vegas, so this place can satisfy that craving. Good food, just some things you have to put up with.. ^_^
1_star If you're drive thru is open until midnight, you should probably tell the employees. Came here at 11:30 pm and was told "I'll take your order in a couple of minutes." HELLO?? aren't you a FAST food place?
1_star My wife and I came here on a Sunday night and other that beer being included, it was pretty bad. The food seemed to have been sitting under a heat lamp for a while, I can honestly say nothing I had was really good. It cost us $45 for 2 people and wasn't worth it. We're locals and have tried many of the buffets but will never come back to this one.
4_star The best deal when compared to the other AYCE Sushi Buffet in the neighbourhood. It includes Sashmi in the lunch menu. Have eaten at the restaurant many times. The only dishes I did not enjoy were the thai dishes, rather have them at a Thai restaurant. During busy times, customer service can be slow, otherwise, they are normally very fast in bringing the food to the table.
5_star Incredible service, food, and environment! From the valet parking to the dessert options ... this is the best!!
1_star We went there for breakfast one morning, after making a reservation online at 10:45 only to find out the breakfast closes at 11 AM. Lady at front desk "claimed" to have tried to call us but said our number was disconnected--which it is not. Very unprofessional and disappointing on all ends as we were planning a birthday brunch. Should not be an option to book online at this time if you would only get 15 minutes. Disappointment doesn't begin to describe how we felt. Unfortunately we had to leave
3_star This is some of the better sushi in Toronto, but that's unfortunately not saying much. I had take-out from Japango this evening, ordering only specials: yellowtail, uni, and horse mackerel. The yellowtail was good, the uni excellent, but the horse mackerel was dried out and gave off the smell of too-old fish (and yes, I know that mackerel is an oily "fishy" fish even when fresh). The ohitashi side dish featured spinach which hadn't been washed - plenty of crunchy dirt/sand in there. I'll wait 'til I go to Vancouver, NYC, Seattle, or Chicago to have sushi again.
5_star Love the breakfast burritos! Gone twice now and they are consistent. Very affordable too! Great customer service and very clean. Definitely recommend!
3_star I've driven past a thousand times but just found this place on Yelp when hunting for an alternative spot to buy gyros. I came in before another lady with a large order, but the two-person crew actually worked on both of our orders together and we left at the same time (i.e. I waited for her many hot dogs to be put together.) Normally, I pick up lunch in the middle of a work day when I'm kind of in a hurry so, if you do come here, even if no one else is around or before you, please be prepared to wait a little longer than usual for your order. The gyro was good. The meat was a bit dry but not greasy, and the pita was both crisp and soft. I liked it but I didn't love it. The tzatziki sauce was nice, with a hint of cucumber. It's creamier and firmer than I've had before but very nice. The fries were dusted with salt and maybe a hint of flavoring, very nice, also not too greasy. I would say it's pricey for what it is, but I don't mind paying a family business a bit more for them to keep going strong. The restaurant is a tight fit for wheelchair/power chair users. You will not have room to comfortably eat here, as the tables are booth like in a row. I'd recommend ordering to go.
2_star The BBQ is mediocre at best. Good to great BBQ should be moist and tasty without the addition of sauce. One of their "displays" is an array of their sauces, which indicates they don't have much faith in ability to serve quality BBQ. Next, the man taking my order was a jerk. As a former waiter, cook, dishwasher, and bartender, as well as a successful small business owner, I know that no matter how bad a day you are having, you do not take it out on your customers. I order the spicy beans, and he said, "They're hot." I stated, "That's okay; I'm from Texas." I said that b/c every time someone up here says food is hot it is not very hot save for some Asian restaurants. He then stated, "I don't give a crap where you're from, it's hot!" Due to the poor attitude of this man AND the poor quality of the BBQ, I will not be returning and will definitely steer people away from it if I have the chance.
3_star As another review said, this place really deserves more of a 3.5 than a 3, but that's the only option. On a late night, I decided to take the deal on the ad: 10.99 for 1 large 1 topping pizza and 1 small deep dish pizza for free. I went with pepperoni It was a fantastic deal really. In 20 minutes, I went out to pick up the pizza and brought it home to try for the first time. The pizza actually tastes pretty fine, but my one gripe is how greasy it is. I guess that's how they achieve the crunchy crust and it does have great texture, but the greasiness can get overwhelming after a few bites. Actually, the oil is itself a flavor of the pizza it seems. The way I figured around it was to put a piece of paper towel on the bottom and let the paper towel soak it up. You have an opportunity to be friendly to the environment by reusing by squeezing out said oil from the paper towels and pan frying other items in your refrigerator. I suggest eggs. For my small pizza, I got anchovies on them. Now I've never tried that before, so here's where I don't know whether it's a matter of custom or Jet's, but I got about one anchovy each slice. I don't know if that's how it's suppose to be, or Jet's might have been a little skimpy on it. All I can say is that I felt like I was just eating cheese pizza and at one point, it turns into an anchovy pizza and vanishes soon after. Despite these things, finished the entire pizza over the course of a few days. Would I go back? I suppose if I have that particular craving for the crust. This is definitely not a place to avoid. It's worth a try. :)
3_star Have tried to give this place the benefit of the doubt but keep getting disappointed. I can't understand how the service is so slow when during a weekday evening, and it's every time we come. Tonight we came in and my fiancé got the stir fry lo mein and it was ok, came out in a timely manner. I got the volcano roll....30 min in and $15 later the sushi falls apart. Seriously? For such expensive sushi it was not good. Save some money and go down the street to Masa, their sushi may not have fancy fish drawn on their plates but the service is far better and food is cheaper and better quality.
5_star Exposed brick, check Bad local art, check Rock and roll tunes, check Speedy wifi, check Delicious Mistos, check Cool crowd reading magazines and working away on macbooks, check PLENTY of outlets, sweet! This place seems pretty swell. Exactly what you'd want for a cafe work sesh or a man date.
5_star I don't eat fast good, but now I do! When someone told me whataburger made biscuits n gravy fresh I didn't believe them? And almost was scared to try... Get the biscuits n gravy and get the jalapeño and cheddar biscuit... Thank me later! ;p Also their chicken strips are good, unlike it with honey mustard and gravy. Fast and fresh service!
4_star Great time with the family on Fathers Day weekend. The food and the service was exceptional.
5_star Great food and and drinks! Ask for Amanda...one of the BEST servers I've ever encountered in a restaurant.
3_star Pizza was graded a B. Wings were D- as they were over cooked and tough in the middle around the bone
4_star Yum! Went to Ha Long Bay for a weekday lunch. It was so tasty! I had a Thai noodle soup made with coconut milk, rice vermicelli, and red curry. They let you select how spicy you want your meal on a scale of one to three stars. I went right in the middle and selected medium spice, which was perfect for me. My friend chose hot, which was a little much for her. I also had a taste of my dining companion's Pad Thai, which was also ridiculously good! The waiter was very nice, but service was surprisingly slow. We ended up waiting about 40 minutes for our food, which was unexpected for what we had ordered. This was only an issue because it was a work day and we needed to get back. The atmosphere of Ha Long Bay is nice. It feels cozy, but not too crowded, even on a busy day. I look forward to going back!
5_star Went for first time last night and thought that the Food was excellent IMO. A friend and I shared the Naan Basket, Dal Tadka and the Manchurian Gobi and it was GREAT! Loved every bite! Excited they are so close. I do agree with the others that the service and environment was a little less than inviting, but nothing bad enough to keep me from ordering again. Food Quality, Portion size, and Taste trumped any other opinions I may have considered : ]
2_star I was first introduced to Yogi's Grill a few weeks ago, we stopped by the one at Ray and Loop 101... I loved the food, it tasted clean... the natural flavors of the food were there and the teriyaki sauce was not too strong. The rice was cook wonderfully and the California Roll was delicious. After that, I was hooked... my wife and I found out there was a Yogi's closer to home, this one was at Ocotillo and Arizona Ave. We had a craving for some Yogi's tonight so we called in our order and picked it up. I ordered the Beef and Chicken Combo Bowl (comes with rice and vegetables), my wife ordered the Chicken Katsu Plate (comes with rice and salad)... we picked up a California roll fo my 2-year old (plus we wanted a couple of pieces too). My wife wasn't impressed, and she was not disappointed... her dinner was OK but she had very, very little salad compared to Ray & 101 location. My daughter loved her CA roll (we all agree that it was a pretty good roll)... but my dinner was not so tasty. My vegetables were about 95% cabbage, two thin slices of carrot, 2 medium slices of zucchini, and two small broccoli florets... and all the vegetables were 100% RAW. I really don't like cabbage and I really dislike raw broccoli and raw zucchini... I was really disappointed with the vegetables especially because I love properly cooked/steamed zucchini, broccoli, and carrots (raw or cooked). The beef and chicken were dry, the small amount of sauce helped very little. The amount of sauce did not bother me as they gave me plenty more. I popped the top off two small containers of the six they gave us, dumped it on and took a bite... all to find out that this was not teriyaki sauce, it was something else... it was like a really sour and thick soy sauce (not ponzu). It didn't taste horrible, but it was not what I was expecting... that one is my fault, I should not have assumed it was teriyaki... I should have tried it first. Food alone, this would have been a 3 star review... but that was before I called them back to give them some constructive feedback. A nice lady answered the phone, I explained that we just finished our dinner we picked up and it wasn't very good. I explained my issues with the raw vegetables and that it was about 95% cabbage. She confirmed that the 95% cabbage was normal for them and thanked me for my call. She was very nice, but she does not understand customer service... I am extremely disappointed that 95% cabbage was normal and not a onetime mistake... and the fact that she did not apologize that it was not a good experience really shows a lack of concern for opinions of their customers. I have the mindset that if I eat something, then it was not bad enough to get a refund or be otherwise compensated. I work with many people in the restaurant industry and many of them want to treat the customer fairly. If I dislike something to the point I don't want to eat it, I let them fix it. I'm rarely disappointed with a resolution that I have received. If I eat the complete dish and didn't like it too much, I will tell the wait staff who almost always get the manager involved. I will turn down any compensation they offer because "I liked it enough to eat it" and just ask them to make sure the other guests are taken care of... I just feel that is the right thing to do. The reason that I went off on that tangent above is that Yogi's Grill on Ocotillo & Arizona Ave didn't offer anything, not even an apology. That does not sit right with me... they could have offered to comp the meal, I would have refused since "I liked it enough to eat it", but the lack of concern and the lack of the desire to "make it right" was enough to knock this down to two stars. Overall, I will go back to Yogi's Grill, just not this one. I'll make the drive up to Ray & Loop 101... those guys have a great operation there and they treat their customers correctly. If you don't like this one on Ocotillo & Arizona Ave please try the other locations... they are so much better!
2_star This was probably one of the weirdest restaurant experiences I've ever had. We called ahead for a reservation but were told we could be put on a phone list that will speed up the wait for a table. We opted for that option since we were on our way. When we arrived we were told it'd just be a couple minutes then shortly after we were directed to the bar to find our own table. Our server did his job of taking our order and delivering the food but there was something about him that was weird. On the menu it says every entree includes bread, salad and ice cream. We ordered the garlic cheese bread but didn't receive the other bread, which would be fine if that's standard or if they gave a price break on the cheese bread or something, but the table next to us with the same server received both items with their order. We got our food which ok... I had the veggie lasagna and my boyfriend had the chicken penne. My lasagna was decent but wasn't any better than a $2 lasagna lean cuisine. The chicken penne was crap. The sauce was like watered down paste. After dinner they server asked if we wanted dessert but we had to mention the ice cream that's included. Now while all this was going on, on the patio there was a woman on the ground who was being attended to by other customers, not the staff. While the woman was laying on the ground, a server actually stepped over her. It was so weird. They brought out her food and just piled it on the table while she's laying on the ground. All in all, I would not recommend this restaurant. I felt really weird the entire time I was there. If you are looking for Italian, just go to Oregano's. It is so so so much better!
4_star I tried the Northern Eggs Benedict (smoked salmon), which was quite good...I would order it again. Breakfast is served most of the day (NOT between 12 & 2p). The service was quick & fairly friendly. The interior has an old fashioned pub feel. I'll definitely go back for either this dish or to try something new.
3_star I get the feeling that little ol' Chop and Wok -- with its bar area, drink menu and kitschy tropical/beach bum decor -- is gearing up to be a twentysomethings hangout at night, and that's just fine. But I'll keep going for the quieter hours and the lunch specials, when the traditional Chinese chicken and vegetable dishes are all I need. Two tips: Try the crab puffs, which have been a Chop and Wok specialty for years. And park in the back instead of trying to maneuver in and out of a space from the busy intersection of Scottsdale and Shea.
1_star Frequent customer to this location. I was denied seating at the only available table, a six top, because my party of two was not large enough (they were full, but no waiting list). The hostess asked if I could "get more people?". She said I could sit in the bar which was overfilled or the patio instead. I said no to the patio and said I would be happy to sit at the bar if she could find seating for us (there was none). She stared at me blankly, confusion. I then asked if we should leave instead of being seated at the available table, response was silence. Just a blank stare. We turned and left. As we drove off to find another sports bar I decided to call and let a manager know that I was displeased. I called and spoke to Jason. Jason said he heard the entire exchange and that it was my fault because I didn't give them a chance. I assume Jason is one of the owners children, no other explanation for someone that inept hanging on to a management position anywhere. My wife, son and I will no longer be seen at Zipp's. Way to go Jason! Side note- Zipps- Please listen- your patio is a nasty smoke hole. No one that isn't smoking or with a smoker would sit out there. I would love to kick it on the patio when the weather is nice, but you've sold the entire space to smokers, so not very friendly to anyone else out there. (Not bashing on smokers, Zipps says it's a smoking section so no foul on you).
2_star They get the most stars for the patio seating and sticky buns. My complaints are that the latte I got tasted like really bad espresso and was room temperature. The food was okay but not worth the price. Also, we had the bussers come by three times in a row and try to take our plates when we weren't finished, which felt like they were trying to rush us out of there and pretty rude. I wouldn't go out of my way to go back.
1_star Picture this.... it's a Monday you are thinking wow I have had crap all weekend to eat, YES let's get pan express and you get a pretty good sized bug in your food.... BUZZKILL check your food people
2_star The place was nearly empty on a Friday night at 7:30. Waiter was pleasant. Ordered lasagna and make your own pasta. Took much longer than expected for it to be delivered. One mail was missing a side dish that had been ordered. Food was just OK.....nothing special. With 2 glasses of wine the tab was $50 which was high for the quality of the meals. Hadn't eaten here for several years and based on this meal we won't go back.
2_star The food was really good. A little pricy though. Seemed pretty "happy" We probably wont recommend this place to our straight friends.
2_star The prices for dinner are way too high for what you get, not in terms of quantity but quality. We started with larb that didn't have enough herbs making the larb a bit too greasy with nothing to cut it. We also got the Thai chicken wings and those were OK. For our entrees we had the lad na and pad Thai which were also OK, but we had the massaman and pad prik khing. Both were super salty. Both were remade and were less salty than the first time but still too salty. On top of that, the massaman was more like yellow curry but we lost our appetites when we tasted it again. Even if the food was passable $13-$15 is too much for dinner. That being said, the server (wish I got his name) was gracious and understanding enough to not charge us for the salty dishes and was very good at explaining spices for our uninitiated guests.
1_star I am really surprised to read that many glorious reviews. The food was mediocre, and their fish was not fresh, to say the least.
1_star My wife & I stopped in for breakfast on Sunday after church and wanted to try the West End Bar & Grill. We had a wonderful waitress (Lily) who was very attentive and so we asked her if we could talk to the owner, who by the way was walking around, and she said she would tell the owner our request..The owner (a lady) walked by us on several occasions and ignored us and never did come to our table and talk to us. That my friends is stupid and poor customer service and protocol if you intend to attract more business form the community because word of mouth in this community will destroy you. I have no idea what her problem was in not wanting to talk to us but the waitress did her part and that was all we could ask for..Tip: do not order the hash browns or the apple juice , which by the way was not very cold.
2_star I had not been here for a few years because I had a terrible experience the last time with service. This was restaurant week, and we decided to try this restaurant again to give it the benefit of doubt since so many people seem to love it. We ordered the small plate menu and I have to say, the first course of arugula salad with mushrooms and the second course of crab cake with brussels sprouts was fairly good. However, the time between getting our drinks, getting our food and get our courses was extremely long, despite the emptiness of the restaurant. We then waited over 30 minutes to get our dessert and, when we inquired, only one was almost ready. Unfortunately, our waitress had very poor customer service skills and was a bit militant when we asked her about our desserts. We left after paying our entire bill, never receiving the desserts and never receiving any refunds. I didn't hate the food, but I did not care for the service at all, and Fire has now closed for me.
2_star Not worth the money. This is my 4th time here and each time I've been unimpressed. The large pretzel for appetizer was completely cold. The Farmhouse burger I ordered (over $10 in price) didn't come with lettuce, tomato, or onion. My brother's falafel was like mush and had to send it back. The waiter also seemed overwhelmed for lunch hour with barely tables filled. Every single time I've been here, it just hasn't been worth it. Did I mention it's $2.00 extra for a neat or rocks pour of liquor? When I asked how else you would order a drink, the waiter said it's a 2.0 oz pour verses a 1.5 pour and they have "fancy ice cubes" that take a lot of labor. When we ordered a rocks drink, it didn't even come with this so called fancy ice cube. I don't recommend this place. Maybe for a drink but definitely not food.
5_star mmmmmmmm, as close to NY pizza as I have found. excellent toppings, great pricing.
5_star Manny is the greatest. So accommodating and we appreciate his attentiveness. Lynn and Dick Parker.
4_star The food was good. The fries were fresh and the burger tasted above average. The service here is what really shines. The waiter was friendly and we never had to worry about running low on beverages or food.
5_star My wife and I have been to this Hawthorne's a few times, and though they've always been good, our first visit was noteworthy for being perfectly executed. Excellent service: the waitstaff has a good knowledge of the menu and is able to answer questions and make recommendations when you're not sure about your selection. Consistently quick with bringing food to the table, clearing dishes, and taking drink orders. Great waitstaff are great for NOT being noteworthy, they just make the meal progress and everything happens at the right time, with very little fuss. The pies are excellent, try the special-white (ricotta, pesto, sundried tomatoes), and the plate of meatballs as an appetizer. The food has been consistently better than most other pizza places in the area. The beer selection is good, with a couple options on the list for beer-snobs, and not unreasonably priced.
3_star Creative cooking. Modern cool joint with pleasant staff. Loved the soft small gnocchi with 'nduja- though I found only a tiny morsel of this delicacy in the savoury sauce- and my friend enjoyed the Ontario perch which is difficult to cook well. Asparagus side imaginatively broiled and seasoned, al dente very yummy. Overall very good food and a fresh approach though 25% overpriced on many items , the perpetual problem of focusing on decor that costs $$$ to build in. Give it a try, I will return despite the cost issue.
2_star I want to start off by writing that the service was very good, and everyone was extremely attentive even with a packed restaurant. With that being said,it was the food that fell short. They claim the food is east coast Italian, but I'm from NY, and practically lived on Italian food, and it didn't taste anything like back home. I played it safe and tried the spaghetti and meatballs. I agree with another reviewer when she wrote the meatballs were very bland, the pasta its self was almost al dente (under cooked), and the whole dish lacked any kind of taste or creativity. And theItalian bread tasted a day old. I just want a decent chicken parm :( But if you enjoy places like Olive Garden, Macaroni Grill, etc....Then you'll probably like this place. More so for their very friendly staff and owner/chef.
5_star I have no idea how these guys produce consistently ripe plantain day in day out. Other than that their chicken, rice and eggs are prepared with home made care, and provides exactly what i need when I want something satisfying and light. The service is excellent and they play the fine balance between attentive service and allowing me to enjoy my food in silence perfectly. I have spots wherever I go in Canada; and this is a definite must.
5_star The place is very clean, the staff is attentive, and very friendly. We started with the fried cheese and steamed chicken dumplings. Both were good. Then our main dishes came out. The chicken curry and butter chicken! Both excellent. The chicken curry, even though I ordered medium spicy came out a little more spicy than I expected, but was delicious. The butter chicken's spice of medium was spot on, and also excellent! Pair them with the awesome basmati rice, rotti and garlic naan breads and you can't go wrong! I'm a late sleeper and need to try their ayce lunch buffet that looks awesome! Give it a try.
4_star Travel all over North America. Joined Yelp to comment on what a wonderful experience I had here.
2_star Asked a friend where the best burritos in town were and he said M4 so I decided to try it out. The place looks good which is a plus but the bad thing about that it's pretty much the only plus. I've eaten a lot of burritos in my time from all the awesome joints back in Sydney, Australia to some amazing Mexican food in California and NYC. The food here is average as can be. I ordered a carnitas burrito and it was bland and didn't taste like I was eating any meat at all. There was too much rice and the flavours of the guac took over the entire burrito. I've heard plenty of people say that Montreal doesn't really have any good Mexican joints and if I was just going by this one establishment I would tend to agree.
3_star my falafel was ok, but my brother kabob was really good. great location. reasonable price
5_star A fast casual, yet high quality, great tasting BBQ restaurant is something you don't find too often, but this place is the real deal. Simple menu, yet had all of the classic BBQ staples you would expect. I did the two neat plate, ribs and brisket plus beans and Carolina cold slaw with some cornbread to top it off. All five items were delicious, and you can tell great care went into choosing the ingredients and cooking the food. Highly recommend, my only complaint is that they don't have one in the east valley where I live :)
2_star Yesterday on March 18th during night time, My sister and I were cruising around the Yonge and Finch area, we wanted to try something different. I wanted to celebrated because i was done my mid-terms. My sister suggested and insisted me to try this new udon restaurant which recently opened. We walked there and tried it out. Honestly based on my own opinion, the food was good but the service was pretty horrible. It was a busy night because people were still celebrating St. Patty's day. Our waitress acted very snobby and rude towards me when i was trying to order. She elbowed me when she was cleaning the table and didn't even have the decency to say sorry. I asked her if she had wifi and she said no with a disturbing attitude. I know for most waitresses, waitressing is not a easy job because i was a waitress myself. I will not be coming back here again, not worth the visting.
2_star Well, it's food!! That's about all I can say for The Smithfield Cafe. I had the "daily special" which is pretty much the universal way of condensing "two eggs, bacon or sausage, and toast" into two words. Sausage was room temperature, eggs were decent, and the greasy home fries contained the flavor of the dozen meals that were cooked before mine this morning (not i'n a good way). Coffee was plentiful, but not flavorful. The waitresses were grizzled and archetypal for their profession. To surmise; meh...
5_star Just got back from my first visit, which landed me an uncommonly delicious red pepper, spinach, and avocado sandwich. You can tell that their bread is very high quality and they use fresh ingredients. Good vibes inside as well. This is a definitely a great lunch spot.
3_star I went here for lunch during a business trip last week and was pleased with my meal and experience. I really liked the funky decor and couldn't stop looking around. It has an all white interior with orange accents including large fish tanks full of orange gold fish. the white tables have orange accents with the beautiful blown glass glasses. I wish I could have taken one home! Now onto the food. We started with an order of spring rolls. I was starving and they were good. I really liked the spicy mustard sauce that was served with them. I got a noodle dish - homemade noodles with eggplant - for lunch, how could I not when their specialty is home made noodles?! I was not disappointed - the noodles were delicious and the serving size was perfect. All and all I was pleased with my lunch experience. The service was great too.
5_star This place is where I had the best meal of my life. What else is there to say? It's quite pricy, but completely worth every single penny. I'm still having dreams of that wild mushroom and goat cheese pizza. They have food for those with the expensive tastes, and food for those of simpler kinds. They have food for the homesick Asians and the food for the trendy street food lovers. The seafood was great. The entrees were great. The desserts were beyond great. I cried every time I returned back to my table. They literally have EVERYTHING here, from Filipino Kare Kare to Chicken and Waffle to Macarons. Although my doctor would probably say otherwise, I would recommend going here for your one major meal for the day. I still felt full the night after. The price was damn expensive. Get your money's worth. This buffet is the best buffet in the buffet capital of the world. It doesn't get any better than this. This ruined every other eating experience for me, because now I would always subconsciously compare it to this beauty. I left my heart here and I for sure will come back, but next time, with my stretchy pants.
4_star Service & Atmosphere - our group of 3 went for the tasting menus as we wanted to try more of the food as this was our first time to this restaurant. The waiter and kitchen were extremely accommodating as one individual of our group was celiac (gluten-free) and the other being pescetarian (vegetarian + fish). They were able to swap items in and out of the tasting menu to accommodate what they desired and needed. They even served gluten-free bread for the one member of the party and reassured her that each dish was gluten-free. The décor was quite nice and gives you a feel that you're in a remote cottage somewhere. They even had a fireplace burning near the front of the restaurant which "scented" all our coats in the coat room also located at the front... for better or for worse. Food - I found to the food to be hit and miss. For some of the items in tasting menu, I found it to be a bit bland and required more seasoning. A good example would be the "Pomme de Terre" - while the lobster was very well cooked, there was a lack of cream and seasoning which made the potatoes dry and tasteless. However, the dish that stood out for me and that was the cod, mussel and shrimp dumpling in a consommé (dish may change with the season). The fish was perfectly cooked and all the items on the plate were propped up with carrots to prevent them from getting soggy in the consommé - very well thought out and well executed dish. As they were in season, we had white truffle added to some of our dishes. They were fragrant and added another dimension to the dish. Not many restaurants in Toronto offer white truffles during the holiday season, so this was a very nice addition. I think the desserts are an area of opportunity for the restaurant. The donuts that came with the tasting menu were good, but were not too sophisticated or inspired. I also got the soufflé which was a tad undercooked. Price - as with any fine dining restaurant, prepare your wallet. We went a little overboard with the wine and white truffles, so that shouldn't be a representation of a normal dinner at Auberge. If you are a little more cost conservative, wait for winter/summerlicious to try out the restaurant's offerings. Food - 8/10 Service - 10/10 Atmosphere - 9/10 Value - 8/10 Overall - 8.5/10
2_star IDK what all the hype is about... burgers are average... they load you up with fries.. which is nice. soda machine is cool. but a meal with the smallest fries and JR burger + small soda; and we're looking at a $11 lunch... way over priced IMO
3_star I was very lucky with the waiting time - only 30 minutes. Arrived at 12:15pm on a Friday. I had half dozen oysters and combo pan roast. The oysters were extremely fresh but I am not fan of oysters from The Mexican Golf as they are big, too fatty, and have bland taste compared to oysters from the Atlantic or Pacific Ocean which are delicate and very tasty. The combo pan roast had a wonderful taste. I had spice level 6 which was fine for me. Overall the food was fine but it is not worth 2-3 hours wait. Service was not that great. The waitress seemed stressed and was not smiling or friendly.
4_star Great service and yummy fresh margaritas! Greeted friendly every time and food is very good along with great queso dip. They support local schools and have a back room for meetings and are very attentive. Will be back and recommend!
1_star Walked out. Host staff disorganized. Plenty of seating and they say, "it'll be a 15 minute wait." Then take number to text when the table is ready. They've called non-stop since. We went to Arcadia Tavern -- far better and friendly!!
3_star Attentive service and good food! Had the Mexican corn and tortilla with 3 dips for apps. Guacamole was good - other two dips - the corn salsa and spicy bean and smoked queso was meh. Mexican corn was really good. The sauce and spices were yummy! I had the cod tacos and the Crispy Cotija. Cod taco was good. Cotija not so much. I was too stuffed to eat a whole dessert myself so I shared the churros. I didn't enjoy these at all. I much have rather had one of the Sweet Jesus popsicles that my other dinner guests had. Overall it was good. Next time I'll know to get less tacos or apps and save room for dessert.
2_star Used grub hub for delivery service to a hotel no more than 4 minutes away by car. The delivery guy called me 9 minutes after the scheduled delivery time stating he was outside my room. I opened the door and no one was there, I asked if he was at the right place. He hung the phone up on me and showed up to my door 6 minutes later. He was a Cant stop smoking employee (wearing company shirt), and delivered my ice tea which was spilled over, and two trays of semi warm food. I also ordered a peach cobbler which came in a plastic cylinder container. It was the medium size cobbler and it appeared they stuffed in the the container. It did not resemble anything like a cobbler, instead it looked like peach barf. Worst part about it, no silverware. I contacted CANT STOP and they said they will deliver utensils to me. So far it's been 14 minutes. The food is getting colder, I am getting hungrier, and the utensils are MIA.
3_star Don't try and use an MGM gift card at this place because they won't take it even though the gift card is supposed to be for dining. I guess you can't call what they serve their food. I will not be returning to this establishment.
1_star Use to love this place. Use to! Not busy Friday night and now I may know why. Ordered a filet and was tasteless. Server reordered it and had it chard. Took forever, our table was almost done eating. STILL NO FLAVOR! .......REALLY!! This is a steak house for Pete sake. Spend some money on a salt and pepper shaker. Sister and spouse tried it too and agreed. Manager said they season with salt and pepper and are usually heavy on that, then followed up with "a filet usually has little flavor". Huh?? Asked him to try it but he refused. But just continued to argue the point but would not try it. He Just liked to continue to say I was wrong. So I was done! Sooooo done! And manager did nothing to make it right I mean NOTHING! But he got out of there quick. Maybe he was not the manager! Just presented us with the rest of the expensive bill. So after we left our party. We went back to our hotel the Wild Horse Pass Resort so I could eat something. I was so starving since I had only bread and my husband sat and watched. REAL FUN NIGHT!!! So maybe the General Manager should call us if they care.
3_star Zupas has a great selection of semi healthy to healthy items. My son adores the clam chowder and i am a fan of the mushroom bisque. I love that we get a hunk of bread and a chocolate covered strawberry with our order. The reason i give only 3 stars is that twice when i have ordered my mushroom bisque i got lobster bisque instead and i have seafood issues. In both cases i took the soup back to the counter and i kinda felt like they were looking at me as if i ordered wrong. The other annoying thing is there not being open on Sundays which makes me think they are owned and operated by the same religious group that operates chik filet.
5_star I'd driven by this establishment many times and never paid it much attention. I finally made the effort to visit the Souper Market after purchasing a Groupon. Well, let me say that I am very glad that I did. I tried two soups (Tomato Ginger and Spicy Chicken Chili Verde) and a Greek salad. Everything I had was delicious. I'm not a huge soup fan but these were fantastic. It's a little on the pricey side (compared to, say, a fast food lunch) but when you realize that you're paying for high-quality ingredients in freshly made soups, it's totally worth it. This is a great example of an overlooked local establishment that once discovered is hard to forget. I work nearby and plan to make this a regular lunchtime treat.
1_star Eggs Benedict was bland. No flavor what so ever. Over priced for what we got. Eggs over cooked. Not satisfied.
4_star we stopped for dinner tonight. the decor is clean and colorful, dim enough to feel romantic, but bright enough to entertain a child. menu is brief and simple. had the harira soup, chicken kebab, beef kebab and tea service for 3. sitting in the inviting window seats with low tables gives a great survey of the happenings on Lee Road, but hard to eat the soup! perfect for tea and cookies though. highlights: the green tea with mint is amazing. the service borders on ritual; a lovely way to sit and visit. the kebabs were both very good, and the accompanying salads were fresh, crisp and light, lemony and the perfect portion. while the service is not slow, you will need to embrace the experience of leisurely dining...each dish is made to order, and the freshness is worth it. we did find the harira soup and rice under seasoned, but snuck a little salt and all was well. our daughter actually loved the soup, with a nice chunk of bread to dip. the chef was very kind and attentive, and we'll be back to try some of the specials, featured from Thursday - Saturday.
2_star Great burgers, fantastic fries, but you have to take it to go from this particular location. The barking the tiny cashiers do is ear splitting. When asked why they yell, they give you a cold stare, blink once and take it up several octaves while their fingers edge up the volume on the music. The place is clean, the complimentary peanuts a great while wait treat. If still want to choose this location over others, bring along some ear plugs.
1_star This place is a train wreck. The owner and management should be embarrassed to have such an under trained staff. Also the quality of food is all over the place, sometimes good and sometimes horrible. It's really sad how often we go someplace else just because of the low quality and horrible costumer service when it could all be fixed so easily. Boooooo
4_star a little loud, but i like how if you sit up top you can see them cook things. a bit pricey, but which rest in vegas that isnt? lol nice huge tvs around the place if you want to watch games. i loved my burger the patty was nice and thick & juicy. it was simple, but i could taste all the flavors. chili and the waffle fries were okay nothing special about it. the pickle was gross! i love pickles.. but not this one. the tshirts the waiters were wearing were hilarious. my only complaint was that they don't do anything for birthdays! anything would of been cool! especially when they are charging ppl up the whazoo for a simple burger ;)
2_star Had a Groupon deal for this restaurant so went and tried it out having heard some good things about their burgers (and not so good things about their service). Thank god we had a Groupon deal... I can't imagine paying for this meal full price. We made reservations and when we arrived 5 minutes early, the waitress looked at us like she had no idea what to do with us. This restaurant is very small - only 10 tables, but there was a table for 4 and a table for 2. I'm not sure what's hard to determine on where to seat 2 people? The waitress had to ask someone else for help on where to seat us. Eventually got seated, ordered drinks (pop) and were told the specials. My husband ordered the burger, I ordered their steak special. My first mistake was not asking how much the steak cost. I would have expected a little under $30 and instead it was $34. A little overpriced. The burger is more than fair at $17 and a huge portion. The problem with this place is the absolute asinine prices they charge for pop. The two of us each ordered a Diet Coke and then asked for refills. The bill came out to $16 just for the drinks!!! 16 freaking dollars for soda!! We could by 3 cases of pop for this. Instead, we probably had 3 cans between the two of us. I had to pick my jaw up off the floor when I saw this charge. In terms of food, it was pretty tasty. For service, we had problems getting the refills (maybe we would have been better off if the service had been worse and we didn't get them at all). It also took an hour and 45 minutes for one course. I noticed the table beside us had to ask 3 times for their drink. Oh yes, and every table around us had bread on their table but we got nothing.
1_star Move on, plenty of other choices in the vicinity. Very poor, immature and unprofessional staff who hide behind copius excuses as to why they fail to perform the very basics of running a restaurant. My one and only critical business meeting was ruined because of an apparent reservation system breakdown. A lousy excuse because i received a confirmation phone call the day before - if this system was not functional then how did they get my number, reservation time etc. ???
4_star This is one of those "hole in the wall" type of places; but don't let its exterior fool you, it is one of the best Dumpling restaurants I've ever had the pleasure to visit. Great service, a very diverse menu with very reasonable prices.
2_star I ordered the caldo tlalpeno (soup) it's supposed to be shredded chicken but it wasn't. The chicken was in chunks and the quality of chicken was of terrible flavor. Nothing compared to a clado tlalpeno in Mexico. The portion of the caldo/soup was also very small didn't even fill half of the bowl. Then ordered queso fundido with chorizo and it was very sad to say I hardly found any chorizo, again portions were not generous. Jose Andres has let me down twice. Same thing happened when I visited his Spanish restaurant jaleo, poor serving portions, expensive and the flavor quality is not there!!!!
1_star Pretty bad when you are sitting at the bar and all 3 bartenders ignore you and we literally had to wave our arms to get their attention and then receive rude service. Don't think we will order round two!
3_star Affordable & good in taste. Didn't like that the cookies had sugar sprayed all across that kind of killed them for me.
4_star This place was jokes. I really should do the challenge. I ate 1/3 of their GO CHUCK YOURSELF in 20sec and record is 1:59min. So you do the math! Hahaha... I ate another burger within 4mins. Gaha... I will come back and crush this record and you should too!!!!!!
1_star Waiter was rude, not only my opinion but another couple walked out. I ordered Cajun ribeye sandwich which had so much salt I couldn't eat and the fries were cold. Waste of money, never again.
2_star Overpriced mediocre italian food. Clumped pasta - what Italian restaurant can't cook their pasta properly? We sent one entree back, the ceasar salad just had a couple of anchovies laid on top instead of in the dressing as it should be, the garlic bread (two little tiny thin slices of little tiny bread) served with the ceasar was HARD. And no bread served with the entrees! Dinner for 4 with waters to drink - more than $120.00 This should be against the law.
4_star Irish pub with Irish beer. Fish and chip and Bison burger are good, onion soup is wonderful but a little bit salty. An excellent place for watching sports. Next time I'll go there late and see the band.
5_star What a treat! Stopped in for breakfast and we had the red chili omelette and my wife had the wet burrito. Great atmosphere, but the food was fantastic! We are definitely coming back, and very soon. Do yourself a favor and put this restaurant on your list when in the area.
4_star The beer cheese dip is so good. The steaks were cooked just right and flavorful.
2_star Went in on a Groupon, food was good but also greasy, but not enuff for me to go out of my way to eat there. Went there at lunch, it was dead, but yet took forever to get our food.
4_star Fun little place on a funky street away from downtown Montreal. The crepes are good, but what is underrated are the unique juice blends. Certainly something to worth a bit of a walk, even if the walk isn't very scenic. They also seem to put the same amount of chocolate on every crepe, even the dedicated chocolate crepe. Just keep that in mind when ordering. Enjoy.
1_star Do not order. They got my order wrong and when I told the man who delivered he told me they didn't have the item I their menu. He never said sorry and was implement unapologetic. He just looked away and said no no no. When I told him it was on their website he just said no.
2_star The staff is very amiable and attentive here, which is always highly appreciated. However, the sushi wasn't the freshest we have had... which is saying something when it comes to sashimi, especially. The udon was a bit gummy, but had a lovely spice to the broth. As well as the chicken katsu, which is one of our personal favorites of meals, had pretty good flavor despite being on the burnt side. Thank you for the meal, but most likely won't be returning.
1_star BBQ chicken pizza tasted like it had been made earlier today, found an ant scurrying next to our table. When I told the waiter this he jokingly said he didn't control the ants and told us about the bee problem they had over the summer. Great. Would not recommend, go to one of the many downtown locations instead.
2_star The place is nice to look at... Updated and clean. The food isn't good in my opinion. I have tried it three times and haven't enjoyed anything much. Pizza crust is always a little burned and all three times our order was messed up. There aren't a lot of options in downtown Mesa so I wanted it to be good but I won't be back.
1_star worst food ever, wouldn't feed a rat their food, the food was so bad I might have well thrown my money in the garbage disposal. thrity bucks what a waste. I have absolutely nothing good ta say about this place and cannot emphasis how bad the food was. I have to believe that anyone who wrote a good review either has no taste buds, or they are made of cardboard or is working for them because they SUCK, SAVE YOUR MONEY! I am only posting one star because otherwise I can't post this message, but if I had a choice I would post a negative 5 star. Plus your house will stink even after the food is out. Hot and sour soup tasted like beef stock, the fried rice was dry and tasted old, sweet and sour pork was so gross, it was breaded pieces in one container and sweet and sour sauce in another....no vegetables and don't even get me started with the Mongolian beef. One bite of each and I walked the whole thing out to the dumpster. If I had not bad cash I would dispute it with my bank!! I used to work in the business and I come from a family of chefs, this restaurant should be shut down. DISCUSTING Eek Methinks they owe my 30 bucks and a health department visit or at least a real chef!
5_star I've got nothing bad to say. Came for lunch and ordered boneless wings. Service was quick, food was quick and hot, server didn't hover......just as it should be. Atmosphere was better than expected and the bathrooms were clean. Like I said, I've got nothing bad to say. I would come back for sure.
3_star I didn't mean to go to Freshii for lunch the other day, but events conspired in such a way that I was in the neighbourhood (hoping to buy a Indie Coffee Pass from Crema Coffee - but they were sold out) and the line was short (because their debit was down) and my stomach decided it was time to eat. After looking at the menu board, I filled out the custom order form (and there were LOTS of options to choose from.) s and handed it to the nice server informing everyone that the debit machine wasn't working. (right at noon time! what terrible timing!) I got the spinach wrap, grilled and filled with veggies, with balsamic vinegar and olive oil. Can't go wrong with that combo. It was warm and fast. Even though there wasn't much reason to (nothing to melt, nothing needed to be cooked) I'm glad I got it grilled. It seemed to help keep the wrap together as I was running down Bloor. If you don't feel like making up a meal for yourself they also have a huge selection of "Chef Creations" (at least one of which is vegan) that you can modify further if you feel like it (for an extra charge). The other benefit to this location is that Crema Coffee is right inside, so you can get a wrap, salad, bowl, or whatever AND get a delicious cup of coffee too. And by the way, Crema has one of the best soy latte's I've had in the city... though maybe I should save that for a Crema review... Just a note, I can never get the freshii wifi to work with my iPod Touch, but I can connect to it with my netbook. Maybe it's me, but I'm just going to blame them on this one.
1_star We have ordered from Trimurti for 5 years. I still love their food but I won't be ordering from them again. They didn't deliver my rice that I paid for this evening. When I called to let them know the manager refused to send someone with the rice and would only say he would comp rice on my next order. Unacceptable.
5_star We drive 20 km in GTA traffic to go eat Sushi at this place - probably driving by at least 20 other sushi places. The quaility, selection and freshness of the sushi is really awesome. Highly recommended.
1_star Dinner on Sunday night was a disaster. The butter plates on our table were dirty. (yuck) Both of the Moroccan lamb ravioli dishes arrived cold, twice! The lid on the coffee pot fell off and the waitress poured coffee on the table and on my husband's jacket. No apologies, A bus boy dropped a huge tray of dirty dishes next to our table. I would describe our dining experience as surreal. Doubt we'll ever return certainly not for dinner. IMO management needs to better train the entire kitchen and dining room staff, (The price of one of the ravioli dishes was taken off our bill,)
3_star Deluxe originals were very good. Restaurant was Spotless and the staff was very nice.
2_star Came for Summerlicious dinner last night. Poor service - waitress kept forgetting to bring my my beer, served same appetizer to customers that came later than us. Took forever for food or to pay the bill. Ordered prime rib medium but came well done. I would have gotten a better quality and larger serving at the Kegs! Wife ordered the lobster and it was tasteless. Dessert was below average. The quality stopped me for wanting to try anything else or to check this place out again.
3_star Loud, and busy. Not my favourite but you can bring your own wine. It's nice to visit once in a while but i won't be back for the moment. The service is irregular (sometimes good but often absent once the order is taken). You might find your bill to be a little expensive for the quality but you'll get over it and then you might come back, or not - I liked the decor and the ambiance will depend on other patrons since the place is on the small side. It does bring the neighbourhood a well deserved uplift.
1_star I know I'll be one of the few persons on Yelp to not rate Montesano's highly but it's an honest review. After seeing so many 5 star reviews on Yelp I was really eager to try Montesano's. The general consensus was: Great food Good prices Very warm and friendly service (this i truly appreciate nowadays) Moreover it was near my neighborhood so I was really happy about finally finding a good place with good food, good prices and good service. I decided to try pizza, pasta and several other dishes. The pizza had a generic crust, crispy but nothing really special. The sauce was nice and chunky. The garlic however was completely overpowering everything and then it was the cheese. I don't know what sort of cheese they use but this one smelled and tasted rancid. Maybe some cheese aficionados will enjoy this rancidness but I didn't. Note that I didn't order a special pizza with weird cheese mixes. (If you're wondering I had to throw the pizza away since neither I not anyone else at my house liked it) Their stuffed garlic knots are, as others have noted, deep fried and have cheese and pepperoni in them. Again the garlic was overpowering and the cheese taste was too much. They were also very greasy and heavy, probably due to the deep frying. The pasta came with some small fried doughballs like garlic bread, only they were deep fried. Not really bad, they tasted like the stuffed garlic knots. The sauce was ok, nothing really special but decent enough. I also tried their homemade canoli. The filling was sweet and generally fluffy. As for the service I was really looking forward to that family like service everyone talked about. Maybe it was just me but even though I arrived on time my order (i ordered for takeout) was not ready, some items were not available and had to be substituted, most of the store was focused on an obnoxious young lady who kept complaining and arguing about the pastries. I really wanted to like Montesanos and went there thinking I'd find my new favorite place to eat in the valley but I was very disappointed and won't go there again. I realize my review is probably the only negative, for now, but it is 100% honest and believe me you'd be pissed if you spent $70 on food and had to throw everything away because no one liked it.
4_star Really good quality sushi for a great price! Found this gem yesterday and went for dinner on a Wednesday evening and was very pleased. You have the option of AYCE or a la carte with a large menu and lots of options. Prices are really decent- $22 for AYCE and individual items for a la carte are cheap. Quality of the food is really great! The sashimi was very fresh, noodles were done well and flavourful, rolls were tasty. I ordered the Lakeshore Roll which has BBQ eel, tobiko & cucumber topped with avocado- it was delicious! My ONLY complaint was that the rolls were a bit on the smaller side (but you get a fair quantity) and the one piece of shrimp tempura I had wasn't as crispy as I like but I think that was luck of the draw because my crab tempura turned out great. Atmosphere was cozy and quiet. It's located in an old plaza so it doesn't look like much on the outside, but the inside is modern and clean. Servers were super friendly and we didn't have to wait too long for the food to come out. They also do delivery in a pretty wide-range.
5_star Sin City Smokers was smokin' hot! I used the Amazing Master Chef Steve's sinfully phenominal BBQ for a company meeting and received an overwhelming "5-star/2-thumbs way up!" review from the men. This crew is not easily satisfied, so a resounding "Well Done" to Steve, his staff and Sin City Smokers. You have created customers for life.
4_star I've been eating at this CK since they opened ... I think back in 2008. I probably go once or twice a month for breakfast, and occasionally for lunch / dinner. I can say that their management in the past has SUCKED. They've changed managers several times, and can never seem to get a good one. I have no met the current one, I just noticed that the last one I met is no longer there. The waitresses are usually great. There have only been a couple that have been disappointing, and I haven't seen them around in quite a while. The breakfast food is pretty standard. Pancakes, waffles, omelets, and all the usual breakfast meats. Their burgers are decent, but I don't care for any of their other lunch items. Their all you can eat rib or fish & chips nights are a pretty good deal, but I'm not really impressed by their dinner food. However, I've never had anything that wasn't good enough for me to eat till I'm full.
1_star The absolute worst Denny's in America. Waited an hour and a half for food that never came so ONCE AGAIN got up and left and the so called manager told the server well there's nothing we can do about it. I have an idea get out your damn office and help u sorry ass! Now I know why they have so much trouble keeping this place staffed. Managers don't care and seem content with losing customers and collecting a paycheck. No urgency at all. Cook doesn't care but why should he if his manager doesn't either. Feel bad for the server who has NO CHANCE at all to even get his tips.
2_star Getting to this particular location is half the battle. As other reviews have noted, it shares a parking lot with Best Buy, Buffalo Wild Wings, Chase Bank, Mellow Mushroom, Johnny Rocket and other locations... however Chipotle, despite being right next door to Best Buy with a lot front location has the longest walk to the door. Not to mention, regardless of where you park, you have to walk past a set of dumpsters. This location does offer online ordering. That's a great thing these days for people on the go, however EVERY TIME I order online I end up waiting longer than if I were to just in line. Each online order I've placed has caused me to wait an additional 15 minutes on top of the half hour recommended wait by the website, I.E.: If I order at 5:00 the website will say "you're food will be ready for pick up at 5:30". When I arrive at 5:30 I find out my order hasn't even been looked at and the cashier has a look of shock on their face, and I don't get my food until 5:45. Instead of rushing my order, they put it through the line with the other people standing in line. At the longest, I've counted as many as 6 people going through the line while I waited for my online order. While the staff usually gives me a free drink to keep me calm I look at this as putting a band-aid on the situation while I'm standing there looking like a crazy person waiting on my food. One time this happened and the manager actually ran out to me to in the parking lot and he was VERY apologetic. He gave me a coupon for a free taco/burrito/bowl to get me to come back. Well at much chagrin, I went back. This time I stood in line instead of ordering online so I could get out quicker. At the register I presented my "free food" coupon. The cashier looked at it and handed it back to me saying "this is a buy one get one free coupon if you want we can make you another burrito so this will be legit." I looked over the coupon and no where on it could I see a "buy one get one free". I showed the cashier and she stood her ground on it. I asked if her manager was available and she said, "no, are you not going to pay because if you're not I'll need you to move so I can help the next customer." I left my food on the counter and passed the coupon on to a group of fire fighters standing in line. Well, I went home and promptly e-mailed Chipotle's corporate headquarters and explained everything. Within 20 minutes I was in dialogue with the regional manager. She contacted the branch manager, the one who gave me the "free" coupon. He knew exactly who I was according to the regional manager. She personally sent me a stack of coupons for free food and forced the branch manager to train all the staff there on how to process the coupons and how to treat patrons. Ok, so this time around I went in armed to the teeth in coupons and piss and vinegar. I went through the line. The tortilla guy, as usual rushed me through in a whirl of incoherent muttering about what I wanted on my three burritos. The meat and veggie guy didn't miss a beat on my orders. He saw the coupons and actually seemed stoked that I had them. I got to the cashier and he just looked pissed that I had them and took his sweet time processing them. Then charged me $6.24 for guacamole. Mike, the branch manager saw this as he was leaving his office and told the cashier to comp the guac because it just looked stupid to ring up 3 burritos and chips and salsa and drinks for free and then charge for guac. So I recommend Chiptole for their food because it is good and you get what want the way you want it. The service at this particular location, in stark contrast to their food, sucks. They are quick to argue with the customer when their manager is not present yet tuck their tales when he is around. If you have a coupon, prepare for battle. Do not bother ordering online. They will lose or forget your order and just make you wait longer. Going through the line is actually quicker regardless of how long the line is.
5_star Great service - really good steak - and all the sides were good too, no disappointments. would definitely return!
1_star Picasso (not the painter) restaurant in Las Vegas is an absolute embarrassment to the Michelin star rating system. I would bet the farm that Bellagio paid the Michelin inspectors a large sum of money to get their 2 stars. Picasso does not merit even 1/16 of a star compared to some of the Michelin star restaurants I have had the pleasure to dine in LA, SF, NYC, Paris, Barcelona, and London. My wife brought me here for my birthday and I was looking forward in experiencing their desgustation menu. The pan-seared scallops tasted like if they were from the same kitchen making the scallop salad for room service....Very dry and bland in flavor. The halibut was dry and lacked any flaky texture. The lamb had no flavor whatsoever. I even forgot what I had for dessert. I will admit that the service was very good. The waiters were attentive and stirred up good conversation with us. The actual Picasso paintings were beautiful and i really enjoyed viewing them. I come to Vegas a lot, so the Bellagio fountains don't really thrill me anymore. However, I can see how most people would find this to be interesting for their dining experience. If you have experienced at least a 1 Michelin star restaurant, Picasso will disappoint you. I would avoid this restaurant at all costs and use your money for the tables instead. I will never dine here again or let any of my family or friends dare make a reservation at Picasso.
5_star We went to Johnny's for Restaurant Week lunch and were delighted with the food, the service, and the entire experience from the moment we walked through the door. Our meals started with both of us having the Italian Sausage stuffed mushrooms which were one of the best appetizers we had ever eaten. The complimentary warm foccacia bread with olive oil, parmesan cheese, and cracked pepper is a really nice addition to the meal. For our main courses I chose the lobster mac and cheese. It was topped with a nicely crusted bread topping. The lobster flavored the mac and cheese nicely. My companion had the parmesan crusted steak with garlic mashed potatoes. He gave me a taste of it and it was excellent also. It was cooked medium rare and just melted in my mouth. I've had many bad experiences of steak over the years but I now know it is SAFE and WISE to order steak at Johnny's where rare is truly rare. The desserts were a turtle cheesecake for him and I had gingerbread cake topped with (and filled with) eggnog buttercream and set atop a port wine cranberry jam. We had to eat those the next day as we were both too full to have them that day. Both were excellent!! We will be back!!
4_star Phoenix City Grill is a great lunch spot!! However, the presentation of food is much better when dining in. The to-go boxes and packing is not as nice as one would expect.
1_star My husband and daughter wanted to try this place because they were craving Korean food. Upon entering the door, we saw a group of young people sitting in one table and 4 or 5 small tables that obviously needed to be cleared. The person managing the place immediately talked to us apologizing that he cannot serve us because he hasn't cleaned up and he has the group of people to serve. We were basically kicked out for the first time in our lives. We were in total disbelief!
4_star Henry the food here Tastes good amazing full of flavor awesome repeatedly coming back. This Cosmopolitan is the spot. Food for the whole package.
2_star I ordered 1 dozen patties, and I'm hoping that this was just a bad batch. But as I ate two of the patties I must say that they were mostly patty crust with very little meat. I was extremely dissappointed and would not recommend this place to anyone. KMT...I still have 10 more go...
1_star Can Yelp please allow me to give 0 stars? This place is absolutely disgusting. I feel terrible I suggested going here just because I was lazy to go on Hwy 7 to Demetres. We ordered the crepe with ice cream. I have NEVER seen crepe so thick and hard. We didn't even eat the crepe and just ate the icecream. The crepe looked like DEAD SKIN. Sorry - it may sound disgusting but imagine eating that. The steam milk with flavour shot was way too sweet too. Only their cakes were decent. I'll give them that. Don't go there, unless you want to eat dead skin on a plate.
3_star This restaurant is hidden in the country side of Gastonia...who would've there would be a seafood restaurant in this part..but here it was. The menu had a great selection of seafood and for those who are not into seafood..there is an excellent selection of pasta and steaks all at a reasonable price. I had the crab cakes, which was delicious. I took away 1 star because service was not that great our waitress was not attentive to our table..and I took away another star because the salad bar looked a bit messy. Over all the food was good and the price was good. It was comfortable. I will definitely come back and give it a second try.
4_star Not the most amazing sushi in town quality wise but it's pretty good and the portions are generous. The lunch specials are where it's at ...nice variety of affordable options when you are feeling peckish.
1_star We booked this restaurant for my friend's birthday and we had a party of 15. When we arrived, the waiter rudely ushered us in and demanded that we closed the door so as to not let in the cold air. Then we told him we were the party of 15 and he showed us to a long table with a family sitting at one end. They had just started eating their food. The servers didn't acknowledge the fact that they had gave away half of our table to another party. Luckily for them, the birthday girl didn't arrive until after the other party left. It was very awkward for both parties and the other party even offered to move to another table, but the staff insisted that they stayed. They never consulted our party at all. We had booked the reservation a week in advanced. Unacceptable. The server spilled water on my friend's phone and reached over several people and plopped down dishes. They also served a cake that we brought without giving us any plates or cutlery. The food itself was underwhelming.
4_star What an incredible meal and even more so...what an experience! My partner and I were really forced to communicate without any distractions. It was quite the delight discovering what was on my plate as I chose the exciting "mystery menu". Humbling and delicious, now that's a gem.
4_star Great place. Had the hot chicken and Cajun fried rice. Delicious. The sweet tea tasted like I used to drink in Memphis. The place is carryout so you probably want to call ahead.
3_star This is a HK Style restaurant with quite good food and value. Service is adequate. Portion is ok. I have ordered a Baked Fish Filet Rice. I found the sauce is a bit too light. My wife ordered the Cantonese Fried Noodle which is a bit dry and the sauce is bit salty. The decoration is cosy. I like the sense of humor of the decorator that inside the lobby of the Restrooms, it says "Gentlemen, please take the LEFT as Ladies always have the RIGHT" . All in all, I think I will visit this joint again.
5_star What a gem!! I love the selection (even has takoyaki) and taste. Also love that the combo hot dishes such as salmon teriyaki (one of my fav's) comes with red bean rice instead of just plain white rice. Really fresh fish, that even my very picky sister complimented on the freshness and loved her meal.
1_star Normally love this place. Mistake of going on taco night. We were going to have one beer and leave. One bartender no servers. Bartender made no effort to look around. Finally caught her eye but she ignored us. Shame. Lost sale.
1_star Pretty awful. Tables were half empty yet they mandated 15 min wait time. I ordered mapo tofu and Dan Dan noodle. Noodles were incredibly salty and tasteless. $6 Dan Dan from Pei Wei is 10x better. Each dish was $16 a pop. Mapo tofu didn't even come with rice, lol. Never seen that before, that spicy dish without rice. When I asked for just plain ol white steamed rice, it was $3.99. But, overpriced food is nothing new, this is Vegas after all, it's supposed to be overpriced. My problem is that these guys don't even try to deliver any semblance of quality. Try Noodle Asia at Venetian if you want overpriced food done right. Mapo tofu was also the worst I have tasted, no surprise there. Serving staffs were nice, but the hostess was very uncaring and clearly didn't want to work there. However, I knew this place was going to be bad based on all the poor reviews, but I'm staying at Caesars the whole week and i had per diem to burn and felt lazy last night. Taught me a lesson why you shouldn't be lazy. Avoid this place unless you have absolutely no choice. It is open 24/7.
4_star Two Words: Adobadas Mulas. Pricier than the other tacos but my goodness, it tastes like nothing you'll find at any Mexican restaurant. We've been to restaurants in Mexico, San Diego, Texas, etc. that don't offer food as tasty as Tacos El Gordo's Adobadas Mulas. If you are into healthy eating, don't order this but if you want to indulge, stand in the Mulas line first. The Tripas tacos is also great if you like offal like I do. Tried the Cabeza but was mild tasting compared to the Mulas and Tripas. After we finished eating, saw another customer with a large grilled green pepper and green onions and read later it is free but not on the menu so you have to ask for it. Definitley returning when in Vegas.
5_star Very good service very good sushi would definitely come back again but apparently I need to add more words to review so Yelp short and sweet is just fine stop making people write longer reviews and my friend says a chimi changa roll is epic
2_star Sorry but the food was gross. There was a bug in my food which was no biggie... But the food was just awful. And the waitress kept joking about there being a bug in my food.....
3_star Not sure if this is a fair review since I didn't really eat a full meal. We did take-out for a light midnight snack. I order the sashimi dinner. You have the option of ordering 7 or 14 pieces of sashimi (it's $25 for the 14 pieces). I thought the price was fair. It came with miso soup and rice. I thought the fish was pretty fresh, for Vegas at least. I rather have this than AYCE here in Vegas. My boyfriend ordered just philly rolls, and he really like them. He compared it to the philly rolls from an AYCE place we went to the following day, and prefers this one a lot more. It's smaller in size, which I think sushi should be (bite size) and much fresher in quality. I've been to this place before when it first opened, but I don't really remember much of it. Hope to give it another try later on.
4_star if you love thick crust pizza, this one's a keeper. it's a hearty pizza, buffalo wings are good too. often order the pepperoni and it's consistently delicious. slices are large. a casual dining experience for family and/or friends. this is another bucket list item. top3 reasons why... 1- delicious menu items 2- good value 3- atmosphere (casual dining, location, cheerful service)
3_star Their grilled fish tacos are the bomb! But, if you sit at the bar area, service can be a little slow. Bartender needs a little help.
5_star Chinese traditional Sichuan food and American style Chinese food. New chief does good job now!
2_star I added a review of the all you can eat buffet in the Aria and so felt I had to own up to this one too... This buffet is apparently legendary in Vegas. Especially on a Sunday (free 'Champagne') we were on our way home that day so didn't partake in the fizz - thank the lord as whatever you used to win from the local fun fair in the park for getting two hoops over a bottle with a fiver elastic-banded to it was more like Champagne than this stuff seemed to be. The queue is HUGE, go ask reception for two line passes, they gave us one. The place is rammed with Americans who are ramming their faces with cheap fizz and "International" cuisine. It's OK. Just about. Wide selection. Free for all. Some things are good, some things are not so good. Presentation leaves a lot to be desired. All those people troughing huge plates of 'curry'chow mein and roast lamb on one plate, with a side of spag bol, just isn't my idea of legendary. Go if you must. But if you want to experience the phenomenon of 'all you can eat' Vegas, without feeling that you have just gone that tacky step too far, head next door to the Aria. Much better all round.
1_star Gross. I knew it would not be the best, but I was here for a cheap table game, and I settled. The waiters were surly and unprofessional, dropping off two of my sodas and leaving forever, arguing within earshot, not looking you in the eye. The selection was terrible, salty, and of low quality. The only thing I enjoyed here was the cotton candy, and guess what, TI has that too! And somehow, it is a better quality cotton candy. Keep walking!
3_star Loved the bartender Megan and Nicole. Food is OK, just nothing that would make you go "wow". it is a blend between Yard House, Cheesecake Factory and Hillstone.
3_star okay spot across from the hospital, gets busy sometimes and can take a lil too long to get your order, one of the staff members is a passively rude person, she's been there forever, maybe too long if you ask me, food not bad though
4_star Delicious Latte!! I'm truly impressed. And it didn't break the bank! It's difficult to find because it's tucked in the back of a medical building but its worth the search. There are only a few tables but it doesn't seem to be busy on weekends. My table is facing a very calming wall-fountain and the sun is beaming across my laptop. Its not exactly a comfy lounge style coffee shop but its very clean and stylish The service is friendly and attentive. I will definitely be back!
3_star I've been here roughly half a dozen times since Impact opened its doors. I'm in the neighbourhood, I like their food and the vibe is nice. My only qualm is how long the food takes to be prepared. I understand everything is made to order, and while that's appealing to me, it's a mildly frustrating 25 minute wait for a dish that doesn't have any protein on it. I've noticed that the wait is consistently this long despite how busy they are. As someone who also works in food preparation at a busy downtown establishment, it's painful to watch them move so slowly without any sense of urgency. If someone is taking their dish to go, there's a good chance they have somewhere to be. I always ask myself upon leaving why I leave a tip on takeout service there. Hate to be a wet blanket but..
5_star Wow great sushi and creative display of it! The inside is really nice, clean, and comfortable.
3_star This is the kind of place I'd want to stumble across if I were visiting this city. It feels like a local gem, with great atmosphere and a casual but warm-seeming crowd. The service was okay, The service is attentive and very personable. That said, those qualities are enough for me to overlook some not-as-stellar things. I didn't like the flavor combination of the tomato soup. There weren't any real overarching element to bring the ingredients together. I also tried the CRABbread pizza, and though the crust was amazing, the crab meat (and whatever other ingredients were on that pizza) were lost among a mass of very oily onions. The wine is very reasonably priced here....you can get bottles for $15. So if Taps, you can dial back the oil, and let your super fresh ingredients shine through more on their own, this would definitely be five stars in my book.
4_star The food has always been good, but not the cleanest taco shop we've been to. You're taking a gamble when you order any fish, but you will anywhere that serves seafood in Arizona.
4_star Pretty Yum! We went on the recommendation of Yelpers and it was a truly delicious dinner experience. The service was attentive and our meals were tasty. Bonus = we didn't have to go inside a casino or hotel, so it was a quiet and intimate dinner, which is a nice respite from the crowded Strip. If you love Italian, you will really like Pasta Mia!
4_star Delicious Mahi Mahi Tacos! I love that they have late night chips and salsa. For the most part, this is our pre-game spot for friday and saturday nights. They even have my favorite Tequila, Cruz Tequila! Cruz is always a good start for us and they make the best margs with it. Good service but sometimes the bar gets really crowded. A + in my book
3_star I LOVE Korean fried chicken and was initially psyched about this place and its concept, but I'm getting more and more disappointed with each visit. It seems to me like they are copying BonChon (I've been to the Boston locations), but with poorer execution. Few complaints - The chicken is way too sweet, for both soy garlic and the sweet&spicy - The spicy isn't actually spicy - The bubble tea has way too much cream and not enough tea flavor - The wait time for the fried chicken is too long for the concept of order & pick-up. It would be okay for dine-in with appetizers, but there isn't enough seating for that. Tips - I'd definitely call 15-20 minutes ahead of time to order. They'll make your bubble tea "fresh" in front of you when you come to pick up your chicken. - Of the bubble teas I've tried (taro, black, almond, jasmine), I like the jasmine the best. I also tried their lychee slushie - it was OK.
1_star I've been here on several occasion (1) with friends in a group of 6 (2) with my partner. Pros - Spicy Salmon Roll is delicious but expensive for 8.95 (6 pieces) - Diversity of rolls (they have pages and pages with pictures of rolls) - If you like hearty rolls, this is a place to go as they tend to have gigantic rolls and it seems to be what is driving their business. However, it doesn't mean the quality of their sashimi/sushi is the best! Cons - Service is terrible (everyone knows this, but if you aren't looking for fine dining in Mississauga, you'll be okay to put up with their service). - Their sashimi is not the freshest and not the highest grade. Remember, there are different types of sashimi grade and this is definitely not it. Places like Sushi Tei have better quality fish, but on the other hand lack the diversity of rolls that Hinote has. - Oh, did I mention service is terrible? Example to Exemplify Bad Service My friends and I ordered at least 150 dollars worth of rolls (hey we like to eat), and we ordered two spicy tuna rolls, thinking it would be as amazing as their spicy salmon roll. WRONG. We all had a bite, and thought the fish tasted really fishy (for those out there saying well DUH - sashimi is suppose to taste fishy! Incorrect. When fish is fresh, it won't taste or smell "fishy" (ask GORDON RAMSEY). However, this tasted really off and we wanted to sent the other spicy tuna roll back. The server consulted with their sushi chefs, and came back telling us we were wrong on the following grounds: (1) there is a difference between not liking something and something tasting bad, not fresh (2) we probably haven't been here before but this is how they make it. We asked him did he try it? He proceeded to say no he did not but there is no way that this roll is not fresh. Can we say customer service is crap? Whatever, after insulting us that we don't what good sushi tastes like (hello - have you heard of Ja BIstro? Antonio Park?), we decided we weren't going to ruin a good night out, so said okay we'll take it back with no intentions of eating it. However, they realized they might have made a mistake and came back to take it away saying they wouldn't charge us for it, but charged for the first roll. Perfect - maybe they should have done all of that before insulting us. This experience has left a sour taste in my mouth. I'm all about supporting family businesses, which Hinote clearly is, but I cannot accept ignorance when a customer is telling you something is not fresh (we didn't send back the other 15 rolls we ordered!). We all decided we would never go back to Hinote, b/c there are just way better quality sushi/sashimi out there, even in the burbs, that their customer service is just not worth enduring.
1_star The horrible thing about all the time people make to write reviews to help steer patrons away from The Gypsy Bar, is that The Gypsy Bar DOES NOT CARE. It's futile and they seem to have their own vision that doesn't really include quality service anyway. Funny thing is the current owner got rid off all the staff that made it this way before and still currently has the same problem. So to understand where the problem lies is a complete mystery. We have been patrons for the majority of the time The Gypsy Bar has been open. Coming in for the amazing happy hour menu and the soothing tunes of the live music on Friday nights. Jessica our server was always wonderful. She always remembered our faces and what we drank and was a bright spot that we looked for every Friday night. However, around mid January the establishment took a turn in feel and service. Consecutive times of coming in (in grid lock traffic from south Chandler) we were turned away due to "private parties" booking the entire area that supports the live music. I have been in the fine Resort/Hotel industry since I was old enough to work (over half my life) so I understand catering to a client and still taking care of the regulars who keep you alive. The way they handled this however seemed to be a lack of what to do for the normal patrons by the front line service staff. We don't choose to go out that often, and when we do we are very specific. To be turned away the first time then the next consecutive week when we had family in town specifically there to do two things...one, see us and two see the music the gypsy had on friday nights to be treated by the staff where we actually were insulted and scolded for where we were sitting(mind you with no one sitting in this area but us...with 15 minutes left to open it up to the public)...this server was an asian female with two toned hair like the girl on last season's The Voice....then the bartender...James I think ,barked at my husband when he was only asking for happy hour menus...saying, "Im not the one you need to talk to"...Graham, the manager tried to smooth it over with buying a couple rounds of drinks, which was nice, however we feel no matter when we go in there from now on we will be treated second rate and have evidence that we will. Staff, outside of a couple female servers was arrogant. The people who run things from the kitchen are exempt from this statement. I was a concierge for almost a decade and I would steer clear of this atmosphere until the management does another complete overhaul and the guest is really seen as the guest.
3_star I had lunch there today. I have fruity puris and channa bhatura. Along with gulab and chai. The service was okay the waiter wasn't so great and very slow. The food was very salty well At least the bhatura was or the Channa I couldn't quite tell. The mint water with the puris was unbelievably salty I was shocked. The dessert and chai was absolutely amazing. So really I would give this restaurant 3.7 stars. My dining companion had butter chicken and rice his rice was hard and seemed like it had been sitting out for a while and the butter chicken was very good but a bit seeeter than I like and slightly too much cardamom. Oh yeah the grossest thing was the curry or grease marks on the water bottles and menus. They need to disinfect the bottles or something. So Actually on 3.0 stars. That was gross
2_star The food was good, however the service on Sunday around noon was very inefficient. Make sure to call ahead at least two hours in advance. The restaurant was understaffed and servers were not proactive. There was wifi though.
2_star Terrible service and shameful food. The "lobster" bisque was basically flavored gravy and not one piece of lobster or chunk of anything in site. For $5.00 it was a rip off. The filet Panini was NOT filet and supper tuff and gristle. The hoagies were lacking and were made with cheap lunchmeat and soggy tomatoes. The fries were undercooked to the point that they were still potato raw inside. Big disappointment and took forever to get our food from the cranky waitress. The only good experience with this place was the super warm greeting from the hostess. We will not back. The owner should be ashamed of themselves and call this an Italian restaurant!
5_star I highly recommend Zooks. I drove by Zooks for months always wanting to try it and now I regret waiting so long! The staff was excellent and gave us some great recommendations since it was our first time. I had the Turkey, bacon, avocado (sorry, I can't remember the number!) and my boyfriend had the #22 breakfast sandwich. Both were delicious. I wish we would have split our sandwiches instead of both eating our own! For sides, we had the potato salad and garbanzo bean salad, both were great. They had a slight lemon zest flavor which was a nice touch. The owner stopped by to check on us and she was very friendly. The lack of parking doesn't bother me because we walked from my apartment and it is walking distance from the light rail. Overall, we will be returning and recommending Zooks!
2_star Slow service Below average food Ill pass
4_star Great happy hour prices on draft beers. Under $3 for Bud Light! Can get crowded on theatre nights. Food is decent, but not necessarily high end fare. Better as a lunch time option or to sit at the bar.
5_star Got a FREE breakfast!! They quoted us 15-20 minutes however the wait was around 30 minutes. So when we sat down they offered us a free meal. Great customer service :)
4_star April 5/13 Three of us walked over from the ACC for lunch at about 12:45. We had phoned three times to make reservations, but no one answered the phone. :( We managed to get seats at the 'Lazy River Sushi Bar' (my term, not theirs) after a 5 minute wait. What fun! Sushi bearing wooden ships sail past you and you just pluck off the plates that tickle your fancy! You know what you're spending by the colour coded plates. We tried pickled cuttlefish (yummy!), creamy avocado & crab, salmon sashimi and others, while watching the chefs in front of us prepare the food. We also ordered chicken and beef skewers from the extensive menu. Our server was friendly and efficient and the chefs were happy to answer our questions. Good fun and good food!
4_star The food here was very good. Something that myself and our entire group enjoyed were the complementary flour chips and salsa. We all agreed that it was some of the best we've ever had. The service was okay but we didn't see her very much and we felt pretty rushed to order. Overall we enjoyed the food and the atmosphere.
4_star Just went to the Pickle Barrel at Yonge and Eglinten last week. It was a really great experience. The hostess was a bit slow to come to us, but that didn't really matter because our server, Anthony didnt miss a beat. He was courteous and funny. The food was pretty good. I got the bacon and eggs and my boyfriend got the triple BLT with the matso ball soup to start. The bacon and eggs were good as was his BLT. Anthony was very quick to refill our coffees and our waters....which is shocking since watiers very rarely refill water. All in all I will come back here based on service and entrees.
1_star I had eaten lunch at Sa-Bai Thong a few years back and remembered it being pretty good, so while in the area running errands, my fiance and I decided to try it for dinner. While the atmosphere is clean and the decor is nice, I was very disappointed with the meal. I ordered the Pad Si Ew and my fiance ordered a yellow curry dish with tofu. While sitting at our table I could see into a small area going into the kitchen that had a microwave cart. I watched our waitress put a plate of food into the microwave which she then took out and brought right over to our table (which was my dish). She set my fiance's curry down also and quickly rushed away without checking if we needed anything else. The curry dish came missing the tofu. We waited for 10-15 minutes before the waitress came anywhere near our table (we had to flag her down) in order to tell her that there wasn't any tofu in the curry. At this time, we were pretty annoyed and also inquired as to why my dish would have been microwaved. She tried to reassure us that my dish was made fresh but that it was done before the yellow curry so she had to re-heat it... which is just poor planning. My food came dried out and the noodles were sticking together. I would have rather received our meals at different times than have my meal re-heated in the microwave. She did get my fiance a bowl of tofu for his dish but at this point, he was almost done eating. She gave us 10% off our bill for not including tofu in the dish but did not address the microwaved food. I have had much better Thai food and service for much less money (even with the 10% off). This was a total waste of time and money and we will not be returning here.
4_star Came here for a brunch on a long weekend with 5 other people. We had reservations and were seated in the back patio area. Really nice. You get light and feel like you are outside but it is covered so you don't have to worry too much about sun or weather. Got the Kefir Pancake off the Brunch menu ($12.95). Delicious! Came with some poached pears and cherries and strawberries, stuffed with some berries. A great portion (1 big pancake). The kefir gives it density but it's still light. Friends got the French Toast, Croque-Madame, Eggs Benedict...all said their dishes were tasty. The service was....touch and go. The hostess got us to our seat quickly but our waitress had some attitude after she messed up two orders. It got a bit tense and awkward. Usually I give waitresses slack but in this case, she was in the wrong. Also didn't refill our waters regularly, took away a dish without asking the person if they were done and put things on the bill that I didn't get. But otherwise, the brunch itself was good! The menu overall is a bit pricy for entrees depending on your budget but it seems the quality is worth it. Would come back for the food and venue (what the rating is based on). The service, with this particular waitress, was...weird...
3_star The staff were good and paid attention to the tables. It took awhile for the food to get here but that was expected on a Sunday morning. However two of the orders at my table were messed up I asked for the banana foster brioche and got a couple slices of banana. So that was kind of upsetting. And we asked for cheese on hash browns and the first time didn't get it. The second time they put it on the eggs. And finally on the third time we got it right.
5_star I've been several times and have not been disappointed yet. The food is typical tex mex but really good! I typically get one of the crazy big burritos and my wife gets one of the chicken dishes (Aroz Something or other I'd butcher spelling).
5_star New York style pizza made by Sal himself. You can tell he's been doing this for decades. Keep it simple and grab up a large cheese pizza for under $10. Take time to say hi to Sal. He would be delighted to meet you and appears genuinely grateful for your business. If you like Villa Pizza you'll likely love Sal's. They add a little more cheese than Villa and your check will be a fraction of the cost. Can't really beat that! Give it a whirl the next time you're jonesin' for a good pie ;)
2_star We came here to watch the playoffs. I made a reservation since I knew it was going to be busy. I knew everyone will be looking for a table to watch the games. The host told me not to worry and that my table will be ready. When I got there, I didn't get my table and we had to wait for the upstairs to open. This bar was not ready to host any big games. The bartender that served my margarita didn't make it right. So easy to mess up a margarita.. Food was ok. Regular bar food. They were not very accommodating especially when you have reservations. The hostess just sat everyone that walked in. She had no clue about playoffs Sunday. I should've just watched the games at the sports book in a casino. Atleast they give out free drinks!
4_star This is likely one of the most casual/no frills restaurants in Koreatown but the food is delicious - the service is quick and they are generous with side dishes which I think is some of the best in Ktown in terms of flavor (not presentation). The staff are always kind but don't expect exceptional service as this is a place where you go to get a fast and inexpensive meal- with most entrees (including 6 side dishes) at approx. $8, it's the best value of any restaurant in Toronto! The food is always very fresh and always made to order...enjoy :) The kimchi or tofu stew are good options. The sizzling platters can be a little greasy but so tasty : )
1_star This location got yellow on the food safety pass I would not come back here ever again I ordered a pound of shrimp,mussels,clams it took 15 mins for our food,I checked out the Ontario food safety of this place if they got yellow it must be DISGUSTING especially under the new management
1_star I spend many of my days at 7th. St. Market. It's definitely one of my favorite spots in Charlotte. So, it's unfortunate how consistently terrible Local Loaf is. Adam and his staff are always unfriendly and inattentive. This morning I decided to give them another go after many bad experiences with cold "biscuits" that look like dinner rolls and long waits and again they served a cold biscuit after a 10 minute wait and others being served ahead of me. I think they have potential but they do not care about their customers. For all my bad experiences I have never been apologized to or asked if I wanted my money back. I have given them so many chances and today is the last straw. Don't go here. Bring your own breakfast to the market during the week or eat Cookie Cult cookies from NJC.
2_star Steak ok, overpriced, pecan pie almost inedible
3_star Ordered takeout for pickup at 4pm on a weekday. The woman who took my order made sure I understood I would be charged dinner prices, and I said this was fine. I ordered the chicken satay, green curry, and pad see eew, which came to thirty-some dollars. Was disappointed upon getting home and unwrapping the seriously small portions. I couldn't believe that even the white rice container was only 3/4 full. They are seriously skimping on white rice? I'd put the portion size at maybe 60% of other Thai restaurants nearby (e.g. Bangkok Balcony or Curry on Murray), but at nearly the same prices. The saving grace was that the food was delicious. Perhaps portion sizes are better in-house?
4_star Great service the burgers and sweet pats to fries were great fish a bit soggy chips great next time I will stick with burgers
2_star J'ai trouvé le bouillon ok, mais manquait de saveur, et j'ai été déçue des morceaux de boeuf qui étaient tout sauf saignants ce qui est un must pr un bon Pho non?
1_star Don't waste your money or time. Food was absolutely HORRIBLE! We ordered the fish taco's with rice and beans & two house margarita's. Fish Taco's $14.95 and had absolutely no taste at all. Clearly the kitchen doesn't taste what they send out. It was very fast though ... probably microwaved. No lime/spanish seasoning/flavor what so ever. And the deciding factor? This is our second time because we thought we might have caught them on a bad day two months ago when we tried them. I used come here in the 1980's and it was always awesome and you had to wait to get in. No so anymore. Very few customers. The frozen cod called fish is flavorless as is the rice. Try Jalisco's up on Durango and near the 215. Worth the drive and has authentic flavor. They also are friendly with excellent prices far below this worn out old, canned sauce, microwave tasteless fare. Too bad. It used to be the "gold standard" now it's worse than Del Taco. I warned you!!!
1_star I loved this restaurant, but after 2 bad experiences with their customer service I wont return. The 1st time we waited 20 minutes to order food because the manager scheduled a staff meeting DURING the dinner hour. I had a 5 year old with me and the food took another 30 minutes once finally ordered. No apologies from the waitress or manager. The 2nd time I arrived on a Tuesday at 5 pm and was very rudely told by the hostess that without a reservation there was a 2 hour wait. When I questioned the hostess as the restaurant had 4 only tables occupied, she offered me the patio. It's Arizona in August (no way)!
3_star Had the "All you can eat" fish fry. Servise good, food just average. Too noisy.
5_star My husband and I eat here everytime we are in Vegas. The service is exceptional! The food is super tasty. I have never had a bad experience with the food or service. The folks here are quite pleasant and personable. They try their best to accomodate.
4_star Very nice & delicious food. The aroma of the place itself sets the tone for what you're gonna expect. The Nutty Rawvocado i had was yummy & filling. The soup served along with it was not that great though. The restaurant is a little expensive but definitely worth a try or two.
3_star I ate here on April 12th with my girlfriend. The food is delicious, but the serving size is a bit on the small size and some of the food is overpriced for the portions you get. As for the food, I especially loved the street corn, Mexican meat balls and the corn salsa. The ambience of La Carnita is very loud (think club environment) with a hipster staff. As I observed the scene, I noticed one particular bar tender texting while working, then going back to pouring drinks. Maybe it's me, but I don't think texting while you work is cool, especially if customers can see you doing it in plain sight. At the very least, turn a corner where customers can't see you and text away. It just seems very unprofessional to me. When I first walked in, the bar is right there and I got a club vibe more than a restaurant vibe. Very loud Hip Hop music was played in the background (almost deafening to be honest). If you're expecting a quiet evening, think again, no seriously, think again. This restaurant seems to attract a "younger" crowd, for lack of a better word. I enjoyed La Carnita until I decided to order "dessert to go," which was churro's. The waiter informed me that, "They don't do leftovers." I decided to order the churro's right then and there, since "they don't do leftovers." My gripe with La Carnita is that they have huge competition with a population of over 2.8+ million people in the Toronto area. You're in the service industry, which means you should accommodate your customers to the best of your ability. With an attitude like, "We don't do leftovers," I just rolled my eyes in my head and said to myself and whispered to my girlfriend, "You don't do leftovers? Then I don't do tips." My evening was fine, until I heard that. Perhaps, I'm not the "right" customer they want. Whatever the case may be, they've definitely turned me off from even thinking about going back. When you're in the service industry and you start hearing, "We don't do this, we can't this...." and the request is within reason, which I believe in this case it was, then I doubt you're going to be in business very long. The whole situation literally went from a positive to a negative, just like that. In turn, the vibe of the waiter, rubbed off on me and all of sudden I couldn't tip. Imagine that.
5_star This is the third time returning to Yonaka. It is worth the quick Uber or cab ride from the strip. This unpretentious site is welcoming, and the staff make you feel welcomed from the moment you sit down, and you are presented with a hot towel. I recommend the omikase; the dishes are always inventive and delicious. They seem to balance so many palate points...sweet, salty, sour, bitter, and umami in one bite.
4_star Hidden gem downtown! Great ambiance and kind staff. Everything was delicious. My least favorite was the churros. Mango salad is a must try. The fish tacos were AMAZING! Portions are small, but they are great for sharing! I already know what I will have when I go back!!! It is a must try and probably best to reserve. It was packed.
2_star Counter service. Nice open atmosphere. Looks and feels like a chipotle for pizza. The pizza wasn't anything spectacular, but if you're looking for something quick to eat, this is the place. They did no do a good job dispersing the toppings. We had one slice that basically had just cheese. We asked someone for a towel so we could wipe down the table. He informed us that he would be right back to take care of that. He must have forgotten because when he returned shortly after, he started collecting plates and asking people how everything was going. We had to ask the manager to assist us. Then as we were eating our pizza, we watched the same person that we asked to help us, wipe down a table for two teenage girls. Apparently, to get service you must be a young attractive female.
5_star First time trying Ethiopian food, and we really enjoyed it! The staff was very helpful and friendly.
1_star I only gave this review a 1 because there wasn't a ZERO option. I had a party of 4 at this restaurant 3 of us ordered steaks and 1 ordered salmon. We had ordered our steaks medium and they all came out either medium-well or well-done, unfortunately we had to send two out of the three steaks back which took almost 15 minutes because our server took that long to come back and check on us. Once the steaks were re made and came back to the table the temperature was great however once we started eating them, they just didn't taste right-something was way off on them. We barely touched the steaks and the salmon that was also ordered was a bad cut of fish which was also barely touched. Once somebody finally came to the table (might have been a bus boy to take away plates) asked if we were done (which you can clearly see full pieces of meat on the plate still) and didn't ask if everything was okay, just quickly picked up the plates and then the server dropped off the check and didn't say a word. Thankfully the two steaks were taken off the check but we were being charged for the salmon so I asked to speak with the manager. I told him what the issue was with everyone's food and he all he could say to me with a really bad attitude was that all he can do is take care of the steaks and nobody complained about the salmon earlier, we had then explained to him that we tried to tell somebody about the salmon but the server never came around except to drop off the check. We were very nice about everything we just didn't want to have to pay for food that tastes bad and barely touched. What bothers me the most is the customer service given to us at this "steakhouse" the customer service was terrible from the server and also from the manager. I'm sure anybody that goes into a steakhouse would expect great service from everybody working there. Not to mention when you're in a middle of a conversation with the manager you don't expect a bad confrontational attitude and him turning his back on you and walking away. Now, thru all of this I did explain that one person in my party was happy with their meal. Drinks were okay, appetizer was okay and so were the side dishes. It was just 3 main courses. I have tried contacting the food and beverage director for Harrahs properties via email and by phone and no response back and it's been 10 days!
1_star The incredibly rude woman behind the cashier whom I assume owns the restaurant (since she does not wear a uniform) left a bad taste in my mouth. Her demeaning attitude spoiled the taste of their food afterwards for me and I can't help but think it's because of my race due to the different way in which she treated other customers.
4_star This place was SUPER SUPER cute. It is a really authentic mob looking italian place. The food was prompt the service was good. There was a piano guy who was playing requests the whole time we were there. Only downside was that every time the waiter came up to me I totally felt like I was in his way because he was refilling my drink or removing my plate. He even moved my plate away from me when I was mid putting food on my fork!!!!!!! But besides the overeager waiter the food was AMAZING!!!!!! The chicken parm was to die for and the bruchetta (Is that how you spell it?) was heavenly!!!
5_star Best tasting bagels in Arizona and of anywhere that I have tried in the world. The owner makes you feel like family. My son loves to go too. My staple - bagel breakfast sandwich with lox.
3_star Went to Panini's today for lunch with a friend. The restaurant was clean and service was good. I got one of the overstuffed sandwiches (pastrami) which is their signature item, and it was OK; I thought the fries on the sandwich were much better than the rest of the sandwich. We also got chips and salsa as a starter, but the salsa had no heat to it at all, it was essentially fresh tomato. The food was OK and the prices were reasonable, but nothing was above average.
4_star Great place to get a large pie. Always support local businesses and great prices rather go here then Little ceasers and pizza patron.
4_star Salsa was delicious. Cheese dip was really good too. I had the shredded chicken tacos which were pretty tasty and my boyfriend had the chicken quesadilla which he gobbled up (it was also massive). Only negative is that it is a bit pricy for mexican food-but it was delicious with large portions (and fresh food) so it didn't bother us too much!
4_star It's been a while since I visited il Fornello's, but I'm glad I did. I was told there was a 15 minute wait for the dining room, so we decided to eat in the bar. Service was quick and attentive. Food was amazing, wifey loves the Margarita Pizza. Will comes again.
3_star Anyone who says the food isn't great here hasn't tried the curries. I am addicted to the Granite's butter chicken, and my fiance loves the lamb curry. We eat a lot of Indian food, and these curries are some of the best in the city. Some of the kitchen staff have been working there since day 1 (23 years ago), so they've had time to perfect these things. There are special menu items every week, so if you don't want curry but you're looking for something different than the usual pub grub, give those a try. Though the wings are pretty tasty too. Hey beer drinkers! If you're only interested in over-the-top in-your-face boozy craft beer, you can take your business elsewhere, and everyone will be the better for it. The Granite is an English style open-top fermenting brewery. Their beers are going to taste different, they will be more subtle than what you expect from a craft brewery, but they all have their merits. My favourite is the Darkside black IPA, though at 4% the Summer goes down easy on a hot day.
3_star I think the actual taste of the food here, is just okay, it's on the bland side if you ask me. They do have daily breakfast specials for $5.00, so for that price, and the fact your getting a good portion and more healthier fare than say going to McDonalds or Tim Hortons is worth it. However, they do not make substitions, so if you are gluten or dairy free, you will have to order one of the 10 dollar plus breakfast item, which is a let down. The rest of the menu is $10 plus, again although its good portion, I don't think its worth it for the taste. I've been to far superior breakfast places, that you can get much tastier meals for this price. Once I factor in the gluten-free substitions I need, I am looking at a $14 ish breakfast with no drink, for me, personally that is not worth it. The restaurant is located in a food court, and I feel that is what you are getting food court tasting quality food.
2_star Walked in, ordered food and a drink and not 30 seconds later a bar fight started (at 8 pm on a Saturday!) And the at fault party was not the evicted party. Left immediately. We came here a fair amount as Icehouse and liked it just fine, I'm not on board with coming back at this point. Disappointing. Looked nice inside though!
4_star Really nice atmosphere; Busy but great service. I ordered the tuna salad as recommended on yelp. But I don't really into that, but it's a healthy choice and the new source is amazing
3_star Went at 8 pm on a Thursday night and it was almost empty when we got there. The place looks nice but the host was wearing a Tshirt, which I thought was oddly casual. While we were there, a large group came in and raised the energy level of the place. Service was quick and friendly, and the food was good - perhaps a slight salty. I probably wouldn;t seek it out, but would be happy to eat there again
1_star Simply a bad experience. A group of us came to Charlotte from Cheyenne for a training course and wanted a good local place have dinner and drinks. The place wasn't busy at all and it took 20 minutes from the time we sat down to get out drink order taken and get our beverages. The food took way too long as well and was only lukewarm. I assure you I will not return to this establishment on this trip or any future trips.
4_star Tapas seem to be all the hype recently. And it's easy to see why. Not only does it allow you to try more things on the menu, but it's also perfect for when you're with a larger group. And that is just the reason why a couple of my friends and I headed to the Ossington area to try out Foxley, an Asian-Vietnamese inspired tapas house. The restaurant ambiance doesn't mimic anything I typically associate with a traditional Vietnamese restaurant. It has a classier fine dining style of décor with ginger brick walls and soft lighting; it's a perfect romantic date spot. In fact, we saw lots of couples there that night all dining on a few plates and enjoying wine. My friends and I decided to follow suit, so we split a bottle of red and ordered the most interesting dishes that caught our eyes on the menu. This however, was a task easier said than done. The menu comes on a single-sided laminated sheet, with no pictures. It was hard to distinguish where the descriptions of one dish started and the next one ended. It felt a little like reading an essay! But once you get over the poor formatting, you'll be amazed by the variety of dishes that they offer. There is no shortage of exotic meats and dishes, like frog legs and beef hearts. But if you're not feeling that adventurous, rest assured they also do have many good old reliable classics, like deep fried shrimps, steamed mussels, and spring rolls. The first dish that came was the Lamb and Duck Prosciutto Dumplings" ($7). These were served hot,crunchy and with jam packed with minced lamb stuffing. They're tasty, but nothing too special.. Next came a Sea Bream Creviche with Yuzu and Shiso ($15). They're bite sizes pieces of thinly sliced sea bream sashimi, covered with coriander and some lime puree. I actually found them to be a little too citrusy for my liking, but it is undeniably fresh. It was paired well with the crunchy fried onions generously sprinkled on top. After that, a whole slew of dishes came at the same time, and it was difficult to figure out which one to dig into first; they all looked and smelled so appetizing! The Grilled Marinated Beef Short Ribs ($14) came on a small plate with about 3-4 pieces. A little too chewy for my liking, but it was at least well marinated and flavourful. In comparison, the Grilled Side Ribs with Caramelized Shallot Glaze ($9.00) were delicious. They were made up of two long pork ribs covered in a savory sweet glaze, with meat that fell right off the bone. We literally demolished that dish in a couple of seconds! If you're a big fan of pork belly as I am, then you'll be in for a real treat at Foxley. They serve a Slow-braised Pork Belly in Muscatel Reduction ($15) with nicely marbled fat and cooked in a delicious smokey barbeque sauce ;it just melts in your mouth! And while all those dishes were great, my favourite of the night was the Grilled Beef Heart with Chili Lime Salsa ($8). We ordered it just to try something new, and it was the best decision of the night! It came nicely grilled on two skewers so that the hearts are slightly charred on the outside for flavour, and still tender on the inside. Don't be afraid to try this one, it actually doesn't taste as farfetched as it sounds! To balance out all the meat we ordered, the chef recommended the Kale Salad with Pecorino Toscano and Lemon Dressing ($8). I love kale, so in my books this salad was definitely a good order. My only complaint was that the lemon vinaigrette was a bit too sour. Upon finishing up the meal, the first thought I had was that Foxley is not as "Asian fusion" as I had anticipated. There are some influences, but not nearly enough for me to notice the Asian aspect of the menu. That does not go to say that I didn't enjoy my meal though. While I found it was a little on the pricier side, I did enjoy the food and the romantically sophisticated atmosphere. Keep Foxley in your books for either your next date night venue or for a quiet relaxing dinner out with friends.
5_star Had the traditional Gyro with salad. It was exceptional. I will definitely be coming back to this restaurant when I'm in town.
1_star We decided to eat here before a movie since it was close. They were still only serving champagne brunch. For a buffet, I definitely expected more. There was not much of a selection. The food was bland. It was not worth what we paid. We were very disappointed.
2_star Honestly the food is not bad at all and very short wait time and portions are large but I always get it to go since it always stinks in there which is very unpleasant they need to remodel seats are torn walls are dingy
4_star Good memories have attached to this place. I enjoy their beef and broccoli, as well as their chicken dishes. A classic grungy Chinese restaurant.
2_star Came in with my sister for lunch. All you can eat for about $14.50 (excl. tax). Nice, modern looking space. Busy but quick service. We ordered avocado salad, yam tempora, steamed rice, chicken teriyaki, dynamite roll (4 pcs), rainbow roll (6 pcs) and mango ice cream. Everything was delicious but the rolls. It lacked taste and it looked like they didn't make an effort to put them together. I would have given a better rating but my main reason to go to an All You Can Eat is sushi, so the sushi really brought it down. Maybe next time I'll try the regular menu. One upside at the end though, you get 10% off when you pay cash. So that's something :)
2_star I've been here maybe 5x over the year I've been in Vegas. Love the atmosphere and outside tables but after living in Portland, OR - the coffee really is overpriced and nothing special. Takes awhile to get coffee. Place is more about atmosphere than coffee that just amazes.
5_star Love the fact that they deliver. Sometimes I'm lazy and want to eat in, but don't feel like pizza. This is the best alternative. The curry is so good! And I always get the mango sticky rice dessert too!
4_star Pulled the loner samurai thing tonight and walked into this place by myself looking for comfort noodles to help take the edge off the day. I certainly got what I came for. The place is small and it was packed with people when I arrived, but the benefits of lonerism allowed me to get seated right away -- squished next to a couple of dreadfully boring U of T students on a presumed date. The vegetarian shoyu ramen I ordered came right away. Nice! Time to enjoy this in solitude! I was a little disappointed that there wasn't more food volume, but the veggies were diverse and fresh, plus I had ordered a side of perfectly cooked short-grain white rice for only $1 with the combo. The broth especially was fantastic and I actually had to take some notes (they have ingredients included on their menu). Besides the boring dentistry students seated behind me, the experience was great. It's a little bit pricey for a lunch option, but worked well for a memorable, mindful, dinner. Then I strode off into the night.
3_star I visited Mildred's Temple Kitchen with co-workers for lunch today to try out their Summerlicious menu. They have a spacious shaded patio out front, and plenty of seating inside as well. Food - For the appetizer, I ordered the trout crudo with shaved fennel, summer radish, stone fruit salad, and citrus vinaigrette. The trout was delicious, but left me wanting more. My co-workers ordered the chilled summer soup and the goat's cheese salad as their appetizer dishes, and after sampling each one, we all agreed that the trout was the tastiest of the three. For the main dish, I ordered the crispy Lake Erie white perch corn tacos with pickled onion slaw, crème fraiche, and jalepeno. Both of my co-workers ordered the pulled pork dish for their main. After a bit of a lengthy wait, the mains arrived. The pulled pork dishes were served piping hot in a mini skillet. They were VERY good. My perch tacos were also quite tasty but not nearly filling enough - only 2 tacos were included. For dessert, I ordered the affogato milk chocolate ice cream doused with hot espresso and a biscotti on the side. The ice cream was a perfect way to cap off the meal on a blisteringly hot day. Price - $20 plus taxes and gratuity. Reasonable, but a little over-priced for what you get. Service - our server was very friendly and attentive, but it took a great deal of time to get our food and our bill. We arrived before noon and didn't leave until 1:30pm. Final verdict - worth a visit for Summerlicious, but be prepared to wait!
5_star Great food and service, as always. The wood fire cooking is an added plus. With only salt and pepper blend the serloin steak is so much beeter. Matched with coconut shrimp with orange sauce and brocolli. I had my starch fix with t h e potato soup and started it all with a blooming onion.
1_star $18.00 for a large one topping bland pizza. No flavor crust or dough. I will not try again. Way over priced, highly disappointed. Sauce is very plain, simple tomato sauce. BORING, pass if you aren't starving.
